The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu Who Wouldn’t Want Apple to Pay Its Taxes? Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > Who Wouldn’t Want Apple to Pay Its Taxes? The Irish finance minister and … the U.S. Treasury? Clodagh Kilcoyne / Reuters Most Popular Masters of Love Emily Esfahani Smith Jun 12, 2014 What Donald Trump Owes Wall Street Conor Friedersdorf 10:31 AM ET Did Putin Direct Russian Hacking? And Other Big Questions Kathy Gilsinan and Krishnadev Calamur 4:30 PM ET My President Was Black Ta-Nehisi Coates Dec 13, 2016 An Intelligence Report That Will Change No One’s Mind David A. Graham 5:04 PM ET Adam Chandler Aug 30, 2016 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size On Monday afternoon, as Apple announced the date of its next hysteria-inducing press conference and product release, the European Union’s antitrust regulators were preparing an announcement of their own: On Tuesday, the European Commission (EC) presented Apple with a €13 billion (about $14.5 billion) bill for back taxes covering nearly a decade of its operations in Ireland—during which the company paid an effective annual tax rate of between .005 percent and 1 percent, according to the EC. In other words, regulators decided a multinational corporation would have to pay up for using shell companies to hide earnings and avoid paying billions in taxes. With the obvious exception of Apple, who wouldn’t be happy about that? Indeed, over at The Guardian, one columnist crowed that the ruling represented a huge victory in the fight against tax avoidance. Meanwhile, Des Cahill, the mayor of Cork, Ireland’s second-largest city and Apple’s Irish hub, immediately suggested that the money be set aside for local use. “Many infrastructural projects like the Cork to Limerick motorway were cut by government during the downturn and should these funds become available Cork has to feel the benefit as Cork has been Apple’s epicenter,” Cahill told The Wall Street Journal. But despite Ireland’s protracted austerity and looming economic uncertainty amid the impending Brexit, Cahill’s message, along with the announced penalty, were not embraced by the Irish government. Finance Minister Michael Noonan quickly vowed to lead an appeal against the EC ruling, lambasting it as “the encroachment of EU state aid rules.”   The United States also voiced disapproval of the EU decision. A spokesperson from the Treasury, which has previously characterized EU tax investigations as disproportionately focused on American companies, said the department was “disappointed” by the ruling. “We believe that retroactive tax assessments by the commission are unfair, contrary to well-established legal principles, and call into question the tax rules of individual member states,” the spokesperson added. In her remarks on Tuesday, Margrethe Vestager, the European competition commissioner, seemed to anticipate this criticism. “This has to do with profits generated in Europe and recorded in Europe,” she said. “Whatever the issue Apple may have with the U.S. tax code is not an issue for us.” Jeffrey Winters, a professor of political science at Northwestern University, could not muster much sympathy for Noonan and his compatriots. “It is absurd for Ireland to complain that it is being forced by the EU to collect over $13 billion in taxes it should have received had Apple not abused its power and size,” Winters wrote in an email. “And if Ireland doesn't want the taxes, the U.S. should be arguing for claiming its share based on where Apple actually does a large portion of its business and sales.” Winters added that he thought the United States should not be siding with Apple and Ireland. “Instead of saluting the EU for this important move in favor of ordinary citizens, the U.S. government has gotten caught up in a stupid game of nationalism, claiming U.S. corporations are being unfairly targeted,” Winters wrote to me. “But what nationalism is Apple showing as it parks hundreds of billions of dollars in profits offshore and uses transfer pricing and shell corporations to avoid taxes?” As Tim Fernholz noted at Quartz, Tuesday’s ruling hardly came as a surprise, given that in the past couple years a U.S. Senate committee and the EU each released reports signaling their disapproval of Apple’s tax arrangement. With hundreds of major multinational companies spread out across Ireland and the European Union, and dozens of tax investigations pending, Apple’s dispute with the EU may be the biggest to date, but it certainly won’t be the last. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video A Flip-Book Tour of New York City This unique film animates more than 600 photos and videos from around the Big Apple. Nadine Ajaka 2:02 PM ET About the Author Adam Chandler is a senior associate editor at The Atlantic, where he covers business. Twitter Email previousDid Facebook Defame Megyn Kelly? nextObama Commutes Another 111 Prisoners, Will Add ‘Many More’ Most Popular Presented by sketchblog/flickr Masters of Love Emily Esfahani Smith Science says lasting relationships come down to—you guessed it—kindness and generosity. Every day in June, the most popular wedding month of the year, about 13,000 American couples will say “I do,” committing to a lifelong relationship that will be full of friendship, joy, and love that will carry them forward to their final days on this earth. Except, of course, it doesn’t work out that way for most people. The majority of marriages fail, either ending in divorce and separation or devolving into bitterness and dysfunction. Of all the people who get married, only three in ten remain in healthy, happy marriages, as psychologist Ty Tashiro points out in his book The Science of Happily Ever After, which was published earlier this year. Social scientists first started studying marriages by observing them in action in the 1970s in response to a crisis: Married couples were divorcing at unprecedented rates. Worried about the impact these divorces would have on the children of the broken marriages, psychologists decided to cast their scientific net on couples, bringing them into the lab to observe them and determine what the ingredients of a healthy, lasting relationship were. Was each unhappy family unhappy in its own way, as Tolstoy claimed, or did the miserable marriages all share something toxic in common? Continue Reading Mike Sager / Reuters What Donald Trump Owes Wall Street Conor Friedersdorf New information on conflicts of interest that would challenge even a saint Wells Fargo. JPMorgan Chase. Fidelity Investments. Prudential PLC. Vanguard Group. These are among the major financial institutions that own business debt held by Donald Trump, according to an investigation just published by the Wall Street Journal. While the president-elect’s finances remain murky, due largely to his refusal to release his tax returns, the newspaper reports that he owes at least hundreds of millions of dollars, that the debt is held by more than 150 institutions, and that some of it is backed by his personal guarantee. “As a result, a broader array of financial institutions now are in a potentially powerful position over the incoming president,” it states. “If the Trump businesses were to default on their debts, the giant financial institutions that serve as so-called special servicers of these loan pools would have the power to foreclose on some of Mr. Trump’s marquee properties or seek the tens of millions of dollars that Mr. Trump personally guaranteed on the loans.” Continue Reading Gary Cameron / Reuters Did Putin Direct Russian Hacking? And Other Big Questions Kathy Gilsinan and Krishnadev Calamur Did Moscow influence the U.S. election? Who else has been hacked? Could the CIA be wrong? Updated on January 6, 2017 In a “declassified version of a highly classified assessment” released on Friday January 6, the U.S. intelligence community laid out its judgment that “Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election,” with the specific goal of harming Hillary Clinton’s “electability and potential presidency.” The report went on: “We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump.” These conclusions had previously been reported, based accounts anonymous intelligence officials gave to various news outlets. The January 6 intelligence assessment was the first time the Office of the Director of National Intelligence had detailed them officially in public. Continue Reading Ian Allen My President Was Black Ta-Nehisi Coates A history of the first African American White House—and of what came next In the waning days of President Barack Obama’s administration, he and his wife, Michelle, hosted a farewell party, the full import of which no one could then grasp. It was late October, Friday the 21st, and the president had spent many of the previous weeks, as he would spend the two subsequent weeks, campaigning for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Things were looking up. Polls in the crucial states of Virginia and Pennsylvania showed Clinton with solid advantages. The formidable GOP strongholds of Georgia and Texas were said to be under threat. The moment seemed to buoy Obama. He had been light on his feet in these last few weeks, cracking jokes at the expense of Republican opponents and laughing off hecklers. At a rally in Orlando on October 28, he greeted a student who would be introducing him by dancing toward her and then noting that the song playing over the loudspeakers—the Gap Band’s “Outstanding”—was older than she was. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters An Intelligence Report That Will Change No One’s Mind David A. Graham Multiple agencies have confidently concluded that Russian hackers intended to hurt Clinton and help Trump, but it’s unlikely to persuade skeptics. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence released its most detailed report on alleged Russian hacking aimed at interfering with the presidential election on Friday. The 25-page report states that the CIA, FBI, and NSA have concluded that Russia was behind a series of attacks, as well as disinformation disseminated via various media, with the goal of undermining faith in U.S. elections and harming Hillary Clinton’s presidential prospects and her prospective administration. They have concluded, however, that there was no meddling in vote tallying. Although the unclassified report, which is based on a longer, classified report, uses the strongest language and offers the most detailed assessment yet, it does not or cannot provide evidence for its assertions. That virtually guarantees that it will not change many minds in the debate, which has become heavily partisan. The intelligence community is in effect telling readers, “trust us”—something the president-elect, among others, has been unwilling to do. Continue Reading Where Great Writers are Made Edward J. Delaney Assessing America’s top graduate writing programs The Iowa Writers’ Workshop can be found in a quaint wooden house at the north end of the University of Iowa campus. The Workshop’s brand-new and clean-lined Glenn Schaeffer Library adjoins the house in the rear, as a fashionable offspring might flank a more elegantly dressed parent. In the library’s Frank Conroy Reading Room, which overlooks the gray waters of the Iowa River, are tall, glassed bookcases containing some 3,000 volumes published by graduates of the Workshop since it began, in 1936. Upstairs, in an unused office, are 16 large boxes of alumni books for which no shelf space is yet available. In a wire basket, on the desk of program associate Connie Brothers, are dozens of clipped reviews of recent books. “And those are only the ones I happen to have seen,” Brothers says. Continue Reading Etienne Fabre / SSAC A Shocking Find In a Neanderthal Cave In France Ed Yong A rock structure, built deep underground, is one of the earliest hominin constructions ever found. In February 1990, thanks to a 15-year-old boy named Bruno Kowalsczewski, footsteps echoed through the chambers of Bruniquel Cave for the first time in tens of thousands of years. The cave sits in France’s scenic Aveyron Valley, but its entrance had long been sealed by an ancient rockslide. Kowalsczewski’s father had detected faint wisps of air emerging from the scree, and the boy spent three years clearing away the rubble. He eventually dug out a tight, thirty-meter-long passage that the thinnest members of the local caving club could squeeze through. They found themselves in a large, roomy corridor. There were animal bones and signs of bear activity, but nothing recent. The floor was pockmarked with pools of water. The walls were punctuated by stalactites (the ones that hang down) and stalagmites (the ones that stick up). Continue Reading Mike Stewart / AP Two Major Credit Reporting Agencies Have Been Lying to Consumers Gillian B. White A CFPB investigation concluded that Transunion and Equifax deceived Americans about the reports they provided and the fees they charged. In personal finance, practically everything can turn on one’s credit score. It’s both an indicator of one’s financial past, and the key to accessing necessities—without insane costs—in the future. But on Tuesday, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced that two of the three major credit-reporting agencies responsible for doling out those scores—Equifax and Transunion—have been deceiving and taking advantage of Americans. The Bureau ordered the agencies to pay more than $23 million in fines and restitution.   In their investigation, the Bureau found that the two agencies had been misrepresenting the scores provided to consumers, telling them that the score reports they received were the same reports that lenders and businesses received, when, in fact, they were not. The investigation also found problems with the way the agencies advertised their products, using promotions that suggested that their credit reports were either free or cost only $1. According to the CFPB the agencies did not properly disclose that after a trial of seven to 30 days, individuals would be enrolled in a full-price subscription, which could total $16 or more per month. The Bureau also found Equifax to be in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which states that the agencies must provide one free report every 12 months made available at a central site. Before viewing their free report, consumers were forced to view advertisements for Equifax, which is prohibited by law. Continue Reading Comedy Central Obama's Anger Translator Takes a Final Bow Megan Garber The Daily Show resurrected Luther, the character who promises to tell Americans what the president is really thinking—but gave the president himself the last word. There’s perhaps been no better satire of the Obama presidency than the figure of Luther, Obama’s anger translator. Key & Peele’s serialized sketch, in which the title character says all the things Obama won’t and can’t say as president, was multifaceted in its insights: about the performative demands of the office, about Obama’s own cool demeanor, about the collision of all those things in the person of the country’s first black president. Key & Peele’s Luther sketches—including, and perhaps especially, the one performed with the actual President Obama, at the 2015 White House Correspondents’ Dinner—were, in all that, as profound as they were wacky, and as much about the country Obama governed as they were about the president himself. Continue Reading Peter Nicholls / Reuters The Astonishing Transformation of Julian Assange David A. Graham Views of the WikiLeaks founder have shifted as American partisans project their own priorities onto him. It’s not that unusual for a public figure to go from hero to villain. But going from villainy to heroism? That’s a tougher road to traverse. Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder and central figure, has managed to do both over the last few months, culminating in a remarkable embrace by the president-elect and two longtime critics on the American right, Sean Hannity and Sarah Palin. Over the same time, some of Assange’s erstwhile champions on the American left have drifted away, disillusioned by the way WikiLeaks attacked Hillary Clinton during the presidential election. Has Assange changed, or is his rehabilitation on the right, and his loss of esteem on the left, simply a factor of political exigencies within the United States? The answer is a little bit of both. Continue Reading How to Procrastinate Productively Olga Khazan and Jeremy Raff Putting things off is a habit, but it doesn’t have to be meaningless. Watch Video How to Turn Anxiety Into Excitement Jeremy Raff and Olga Khazan It takes three words. Watch Video 'Don't Sneak': A Father's Command to His Gay Son in the 1950s Nadine Ajaka In a StoryCorps animation, Patrick Haggerty remembers the remarkable advice he got from his dairy farmer dad. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Toggle navigation News Sport Obits Features Videos Directory Donegal TD demands public inquiry into Apple sweetheart deal 12:46 Tuesday 30th of August 2016 Sinn Féin Finance spokesperson Pearse Doherty TD has said there must be a public inquiry to establish who facilitated the state’s sweetheart deal with Apple. Deputy Doherty was speaking today after the EU Commission ruled that Ireland granted undue tax benefits of up to €13billion. He said the government’s decision to appeal this ruling should be put to a vote in the Dáil and his party will be bringing forward a motion to oppose such an appeal. Deputy Doherty said: “Today’s ruling has shocked even those of us who have been watching this issue with a keen eye.  Up to €13billion of tax has been lost as a result of a sweetheart deal with Apple.  That is a massive amount of money and we must have a public inquiry to establish who facilitated this deal. “Given the state is chasing people who have not paid their water charges through the courts it is unimaginable that the government will appeal this ruling. “The government should accept the EU Commission ruling and impose the correct tax bill on Apple. Any decision to appeal the ruling should be put to a vote of the Dáil. “The argument made by government for appealing the ruling is to protect Ireland’s reputation but unfortunately the damage has already been done and an appeal has the potential to further damage our international reputation." He continued: “It is also very telling that the government is only too willing to take on Europe on this matter when it refused to do so when ordinary Irish citizens were saddled with billions of euro of banking debt, when the EU imposed crippling austerity measures on this state and when the Irish people democratically rejected water charges at the general election this year. “So we are now in a situation where the government is taking on the EU in a case that would see the state lose billions of euro in tax if the government is successful yet it has repeatedly refused to take on the EU when the lives of Irish citizens were being ruined by its policies.” If you have a story or want to send a photo or video to us please contact the Donegal Now editorial team. Between 9am and 5pm Monday to Sunday please call 074 9112712. Between 5pm and midnight please call or text 086 792 2103. Or you can email news@donegalnow.com at any time. Like & Follow Donegal Now! Popular News Life-changing op for little boy – with help from Mrs Brown’s star Danny Award-winning business announces shock closure - but vows to reopen Donegal's €250,000 Lotto winner's whisking kids and grandparents off on family hols Donegal’s only Tesco store will not ban customers shopping in pyjamas Latest News Forward-thinking Donegal dental practice thrilled to reach finals of national awards 1 hour ago Donegal’s only Tesco store will not ban customers shopping in pyjamas 9 hours ago Donegal TD blames loophole for children losing childcare 10 hours ago Obituaries, Friday December 6th 2017 10 hours ago Council warned to tackle traffic volume and save lives 11 hours ago About Us Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Letterkenny Post Donegal Post Inish Times Finn Valley Post Content by © 2017 Donegal Now. Powered by Publisher Plus. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read more »
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After Apple, EU may focus on companies closer to home Reuters Aug. 31, 2016, 3:44 PM 640 facebook linkedin twitter email print EU Commissioner Vestager gestures during a news conference on Ireland's tax dealings with Apple Inc at the EC in Brussels Thomson Reuters By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Multinational companies can expect the European Commission to press on with a crack down on sweetheart tax deals after handing Apple a breathtaking demand for 13 billion euros, officials and experts said on Wednesday. But Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager may be tempted to train her fire on European companies after a string of investigations of U.S. global giants that, especially after Tuesday's Apple verdict, has enraged the United States. The order to the iPhone maker to pay back taxes to Ireland on the grounds that Dublin illegally favored Apple with a tax regime that amounted to a competition-distorting subsidy was the biggest of 38 decisions by Vestager since the Commission began probing some 1,000 companies in up to 23 EU states in 2013. Another U.S. firm, coffee chain Starbucks was ordered to repay up to 30 million euros to the Netherlands and a unit of Italy's Fiat must hand a similar sum to Luxembourg. In a separate case involving 35 firms in Belgium, many were not identified but some were also from the United States. The Commission will not say when a decision is likely on two outstanding cases involving two more U.S. firms, Amazon and McDonald's, both in Luxembourg. Set alongside a series of high-profile antitrust probes into Google and Vestager has a case to answer on charges of anti-American activity -- albeit one that she strenuously denies. Nonetheless, people involved in competition law in Europe, many of whom declined to speak on the record for this story, reckon the Commission may choose a company closer to home for any major new inquiry. "It is quite obvious that the Commission will not be able to investigate 1,000 tax rulings. It will only go after manifest violations," said Georg Berrisch, partner at law firm Baker Botts, who noted the fertile ground the Commission may have in evidence turned up in 2014 by leaked data from Luxembourg.  "It will have to pick and choose a few cases, maybe look into European companies. Luxleaks mentioned several European companies having tax deals with Luxembourg," Berrisch said. Vestager, arguably the most powerful official in the EU due to her individual power to rule on competition cases across the 28-nation bloc, makes no secret of her reliance on others at times to provide the evidence that can justify her inquiries. For all the fury in Washington over Apple, that and the other current cases were all launched on the back of revelations provided by a U.S. Senate subcommittee inquiry into taxation. It is unclear how many companies may face back tax demands in the end. Given limited resources, officials and observers said, the Commission's competition directorate is likely to focus on a fairly small number in the expectation that success -- still to be tested in court -- can deter others from going to extremes in reducing their global tax burdens. Jonas Koponen at law firm Linklaters called the massive tax demand for Apple a wake-up call for others to be wary of how political institutions, not just in Europe, were responding to popular pressure to gather more taxes from rich corporations and the danger that posed of legal turmoil and reputational damage. "The amounts at stake may intensify the political pressures both within the EU and from outside the EU," he said. "Companies must now more than ever carefully assess whether any agreements or rulings they receive from national tax authorities are compliant with state aid principles." It was a point inferred by Vestager herself. Asked at a news conference on Tuesday whether it was fair to penalize a company which "felt that they were abiding by the rules" in agreeing a tax regime for its profits with Irish government, the straight-talking Dane said some should listen to their feelings more. "If my effective tax rate would be 0.05 percent falling to 0.005 percent," she said, "I would have felt that maybe I should have a second look at my tax bill." (Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Anna Willard) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After Apple, EU may focus on companies closer to home After Apple, EU may focus on companies closer to home By Foo Yun CheeBRUSSELS (Reuters) -... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Top official at Brexit ministry opposed Tim Barrow as EU ambassador US intelligence chiefs reject Trump doubts on Russian hacking Mexico tries to cut a deal with Trump Cameron’s failure looms over May’s Brexit task Anatomy of a Brexit transition deal: the issue that haunted Rogers US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US intelligence chiefs reject Trump doubts on Russian hacking US wages grow at fastest rate since financial crisis Trump turns his ire on Toyota’s Mexico car plant plans China warns US of retaliation if Trump imposes tariffs Donald Trump unleashes business’s animal spirits Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Japan rallies to defend Toyota after Trump warning McDonald’s fast-food king battles to retain supremacy Consumer Electronics Show 2017 — the hits and misses Jamie Oliver to close 6 restaurants after costs rise Carlos Ghosn asks Trump to clarify rules of the road for carmakers Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Lithium: the next speculative bubble? PBoC raises renminbi’s daily fix by most since 2005 Beijing signals end of China-UK ‘golden age’ The big rotation trades in 2017 ‘Anti-GAAP’ reporting proves a growing menace Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Martin Wolf: The long and painful journey to world disorder The UK mindset that heralds a disorderly Brexit At last, liberals are waking from a long dream The ‘final nail in the coffin’ for Aids? Donald Trump unleashes business’s animal spirits Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Students and alumni remain divided over Cornell merger Consumer Electronics Show 2017 — the hits and misses How to have a productive new year Xiaomi Mi Note: Apple lookalike with inspired innovations Millennials start the year with paper diaries and notebooks Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How to be a true citizen of nowhere Gene genius Siddhartha Mukherjee on why ‘doctors shouldn’t be gods’ St James’s, London: thaw in rules leads to flurry of new homes Film review: Zero Days — ‘Brilliant’ Books to look out for in 2017 Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Apple, keep your cool over global tax Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital $ 6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Editorials Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Login Subscribe Editorials Europe’s Apple tax crackdown should spur U.S. reforms Originally published August 31, 2016 at 4:43 pm Updated September 1, 2016 at 10:59 am Donna Grethen / Op Art (Donna Grethen) The European crackdown on Apple’s Irish tax schemes should push the U.S. to fix its tax policies. Share story By Seattle Times editorial board The Seattle Times THE United States doesn’t have a lot of standing to criticize Europeans for cracking down on Apple’s tax shenanigans in Ireland. If anything, the European Commission’s finding that Apple owes more than $14 billion in taxes should push the U.S. to fix its own tax policies, under which its biggest companies stash most of their cash overseas to avoid domestic taxes. As highlighted by the presidential election, globalization and its negative effects on the U.S. are a concern across party lines. Lack of funds for infrastructure and the deficit are also pressing issues. Those problems are exacerbated when America’s largest and most profitable companies reduce their contributions and use accounting schemes that shift money to little countries offering special tax breaks. More editorials Legislature has a chance to fix Washington state’s broken education-funding system | Editorial Ethics miscalculation reflects poorly on House Republicans | Editorial Time for Washington to abandon the death penalty | Editorial Trump should resist those who would gut net-neutrality rules | Editorial Congress shouldn't dump the Affordable Care Act | Editorial Bellevue’s growth surge shows no signs of stopping | Editorial You can’t begrudge companies for pursuing options made available to them by policymakers. But the disproportionate benefits they’ve received and the influence they wield over those policymakers feed the growing cynicism about international trade. Fixing this tax problem is necessary to begin restoring faith in the benefits of globalization. The U.S. fretted that the European Commission crackdowns on Apple and others are a departure from standard practice and will “undermine the multilateral progress made towards reducing tax avoidance.” Given the glacial pace of that progress, and the unacceptable status quo, one might be glad the Europeans are shaking things up and being more assertive. That should push the next U.S. president and Congress to expedite tax reform in 2017. At stake are taxes on an accumulated $2 trillion that Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, big pharmaceutical companies and others earned and stashed in foreign countries.” This is urgent. Apple’s case signals that other governments are closing loopholes and collecting taxes that have been evaded for years. At stake are taxes on an accumulated $2 trillion that Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, big pharmaceutical companies and others earned and stashed in foreign countries. If the U.S. continues dawdling on reforms as foreign countries tighten their rules, the U.S. will lose out. Companies get credit on their U.S. tax bill for taxes paid abroad, so it becomes a question of which country will collect, and how much. In other words: Taxes collected overseas are taxes the U.S. won’t get from its top-tier companies. Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, and John David Podesta, Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, leave a fundraiser for Clinton in Los Altos Hills, Calif., Aug. 24. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Since companies like Apple and Microsoft owe much of their success to the schools and infrastructure in the U.S., where they are headquartered and do most of their product development, they should pay more U.S. taxes. This is not about gouging companies. It’s about collecting what they owe — their fair share to support countries in which they operate. Reforms should level the playing field and eliminate elaborate breaks that pencil out for only the richest and most sophisticated companies. Taxes on foreign earnings shouldn’t be permanently deferrable. In Ireland, Apple was not only deferring U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, it allegedly was avoiding the 12.5 percent tax due in Ireland. Apple disputes the findings and is appealing, but the European Commission said the company attributed sales to an office that existed only on paper and paid almost no taxes. This enabled its effective tax rate on an Irish subsidiary to decline from 1 percent in 2003 to 0.005 percent in 2014, according to regulators. As elected officials pursue reforms in the U.S., they should also resist pressure to give Apple and others a sweetheart deal to repatriate foreign earnings and finally pay U.S. taxes on them. These companies have been getting sweet deals for years. Fixing this problem would benefit everyone. Shareholders and global companies would get more certainty, taxpayers would see more fairness and the U.S. would have better standing, more revenue and a stronger defense of globalization’s positive effects. Editorial board members are editorial page editor Kate Riley, Frank A. Blethen, Donna Gordon Blankinship, Brier Dudley, Mark Higgins, Jonathan Martin, William K. Blethen (emeritus) and Robert C. Blethen (emeritus). Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 07, 2017 9:44 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Samsung unveils bigger Gear S3 smartwatches Thursday September 1, 2016 07:39 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: A new year hit for Topman The Edit: Club Tropicana homage for George Michael The Edit: Street Light-Up in Singapore Projek MMO: Guru dakwa mati pucuk tetap dipenjara Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Gear S3 classic is seen on display after its unveiling at a news conference in Berlin Sept 1, 2016. — Reuters picBERLIN, Sept 1 — Samsung Electronics unveiled two new smartwatches yesterday which boast a range of digital features while also promising up to four days of battery life, seeking to outshine the Apple Watch. The world’s biggest maker of consumer electronic products introduced its new line of Gear S3 watches ahead of this week’s opening in Berlin of the IFA, Europe’s biggest annual trade fair for consumer electronics and domestic appliances. The new Gear S3 Frontier model has a rugged outdoor look, while the Gear S3 Classic has a more refined appearance, but both watches feature large faces that are likely to appeal mainly to male consumers. The Frontier model has its own cellular radio chip to connect to high speed 4G mobile networks so it does not need to be “tethered” to the wearer’s smartphone in order to make calls or send and receive data, unlike Apple watches, which require an iPhone to remain nearby for their connections. Apple, the current market leader in smartwatches, is expected to introduce its new Apple Watch 2 line-up a week from now, on September 7, along with new phones and computers. Gadget news sites have reported that Apple is considering introducing smartwatches with their own cellular radio in 2017, but won’t offer such a feature in its upcoming models fearing it would further drain their batteries, which typically last around 24 hours in current models before needing to be recharged. The latest Samsung smartwatches offer always-on colour displays, dust and water resistance features, a built-in speaker and GPS location-finding technology. They also enable users to make mobile payments in countries where Samsung Pay is available. Pricing was not disclosed for the new Gear S3 watches, which are due to go on sale before the end of the year. Samsung’s existing line of Gear S2 watches retail at major online sites for around US$250 to US$300 (RM1,024 to RM1,228), comparable to pricing for the most basic sports version of the Apple Watch. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 Companion robots vie to be the latest addition to homes PogoCam debuts as 'world's smallest attachable eyewear camera' CES 2017: New apps, programmes to aid your workouts Game Boy Mach 2: Say hello to the Super Retro Boy! Samsung Galaxy Note 7: The high-tech fiasco draws to a close Games of 2017: 10 names to remember for January and February China plans probes to the moon and Mars (VIDEO) Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' The rise of a robotic dawn in Singapore’s service industry Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Jason Momoa stars in ‘Frontier’ Reuters Video: Trump orders Obama's envoys out by inauguration day Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Reuters Video: Man survives Turkey nightclub attack by pretending to be dead HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Related Articles US Supreme Court rules for Samsung in smartphone fight with Apple Smartwatch sales struggle (VIDEO) Smartwatches banned from Australia Cabinet meetings over hacking fears Samsung buys AI firm founded by Siri creators Smartwatches: For fitness freaks and tech geeks only? Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Electronics Apple Bluetooth headphone adapters will soon become commonplace By Shawn Knight on Aug 31, 2016, 6:15 AM 16 comments TechSpot In exactly one week, Apple will take the stage at a media gathering in San Francisco to unveil its next-generation iPhone. The rumored decision to eliminate the 3.5mm headphone jack has been discussed ad nauseam and if true (it’s almost a guarantee at this point), hordes of people that buy a new iPhone in a few weeks will find themselves stuck with wired headphones that are no longer directly compatible with their smartphone. Rumors suggest Apple may bundle a pair of wireless “AirPods” with each new iPhone. Conversely, Apple could include a set of wired headphones that terminate at a Lightning connector or even include a 3.5mm-to-Lightning adapter although the latter option seems the least likely in my opinion. Those with quality aftermarket headphones of the wired variety will either be forced to buy an adapter like the one mentioned above, switch to a wireless solution or entertain a third option that’ll let you use your wired headphones wirelessly. Mobile accessory maker Griffin Technology will soon be launching its iTrip Clip Bluetooth headphone adapter. The concept is simple – just plug your wired headphones into the iClip dongle then wirelessly connect the dongle to your 3.5mm-less iPhone (or any mobile device with Bluetooth, for that matter). This gives you the freedom to continue to use your wired headset with the new iPhone while not having to be physically tethered to the handset. What’s more, the dongle even has built-in playback controls so you’ll be able to control the music without having to reach for your phone. Griffin even envisions using it in conjunction with your car’s stereo to bring wireless Bluetooth playback capabilities to older head units (assuming your stereo has an auxiliary 3.5mm jack). True to its name, the dongle even features a clip that’ll make it easy to attach to your shirt, backpack, visor or any other stationary object. As The Verge notes, this isn’t the first Bluetooth headset adapter on the block and it won’t be the last. It's also worth noting that Apple isn't even the first to ditch the jack (Chinese smartphone maker LeEco did so earlier this year with its latest round of smartphones). And if Intel has its way, the entire industry will eventually move away from the 3.5mm jack and instead use USB Type-C for audio. Much of this debate could be negated if Apple used USB Type-C instead of its own proprietary connection but I digress. That said, I’d expect to see a surge in similar wireless Bluetooth devices as consumers adjust to life without a 3.5mm jack. Look for the Griffin iClip Bluetooth headphone adapter to arrive next month priced at $19.99. Related Reads Get Logitech's UE Boom bluetooth speaker for 25% off The Vamp Stereo adds Bluetooth to any old speakers Pelty is a Bluetooth speaker that's powered by candle flame 16 comments 137 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… iFixit destroys AirPods to reveal minuscule battery Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters Dell's UltraSharp 8K monitor is incredible but like most things in Vegas, it's excessive Popular 10 comments 13 Good Games You Can Play on Laptops and Budget PCs Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters 11 comments Dell's 32-inch, UltraSharp 8K monitor is incredible but like most things in Vegas, it's excessive 15 comments Have an early look at Project Neon, Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 UI update Load Comments 16 ... User Comments: 16 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 24 Tesla Model S owner says car drove itself into parked trailer, log data refutes claim 22 Sony will charge $30 per movie when its 4K streaming service launches next week 20 Microsoft becomes the latest major player to exit the smartwatch industry 31 HP firmware snuck in September 12 failure date for non-HP cartridges 28 Denmark has a new tax on electric cars and Tesla isn't happy Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple TV Steve Jobs After Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO, he was still working on an Apple TV set A new story about a five-year-old conversation, via Walt Mossberg. by Peter Kafka Aug 31, 2016, 4:47pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Asa Mathat Steve Jobs stepped down as CEO of Apple five years ago, but he didn’t plan on leaving the company. Instead, Jobs was going to focus his energy on one very specific, secret project: Apple’s reinvention of TV — including the TV set itself. Walt Mossberg, Recode’s editor at large and an executive editor at The Verge, says Jobs called him on the night he announced he was formally handing over control of his company to Tim Cook, and told him about his TV ambitions. “I think we figured out a way to do it, and it’s going to be fantastic,” Jobs told Mossberg, and invited him to see what he was working on. But Jobs died less than two months later. And to this date Apple has only taken tentative steps into the TV industry. Instead of a set, it has focused on a peripheral set-top box. And while Apple has made repeated efforts to create its own TV service, it has been unable to get the deals it wants from TV programmers, and is instead letting other people figure out how to deliver TV programming, via apps. Apple also wants to create a new version of a TV guide. Now, Jobs’s interest in TV is only a historical footnote. But his intent, as conveyed to Mossberg, helps clear up conflicting reports about Apple’s TV ambitions. Jobs himself publicly downplayed Apple’s public TV efforts as a “hobby”; in 2010, Jobs told Mossberg and Kara Swisher that Apple couldn’t really get into TV because there was no “viable go-to-market strategy.” The same year, he reportedly said the same thing internally, adding that “TV is a terrible business. They don't turn over and the margins suck.” But in 2011, Jobs biographer Walter Isaacson famously wrote that Jobs was working on TVs late in his life, and that he thought he had “cracked it.” I’ve worked with Walt Mossberg for many years, but I’d never heard him talk about his TV conversation with Jobs before. Then last week, Mossberg wrote a Facebook post referring to a “secret project [Jobs] planned to continue to run” after he left his CEO job. I called him this week to get the full story. Here it is: Mossberg said Jobs called him on August 24, 2011, after Apple announced his resignation and while Mossberg was writing a story about Jobs’s legacy. “I’m writing this thing. And the phone rings. And it’s him,” Mossberg said. “I think he wanted to talk to me because he was feeling a little sentimental. And also because he wanted me to know that he wasn’t going away.” “He was going to still be involved. Their press release made some vague nod toward that. But he wanted me to know that he was going to be involved in big strategic things, and also that he was going to reserve one particular thing for himself.” “I said, ‘well, what’s that?’” “He said, ‘Well, it’s television ... I think we figured out a way to do it, and it’s going to be fantastic. I want you to come out, in a few months, and I want to show it to you.’” Jobs didn’t go into details about the hardware and the programming he wanted it to carry. But Mossberg believes he was talking about an integrated set, not a version of the set-top box Apple sells today. “He was really weak. Hearing nuances in speech was difficult. But he was really excited,” Mossberg said. “If you would have asked me five minutes after we hung up, I would have said he was going to reinvent the whole TV set. It would be Apple-esque, meaning it was high quality, and very easy to use. But he was thinking about more than hardware — that was clear, too.” recode_divider More From Recode CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers Apple cut Tim Cook’s total pay 15 percent last year as it missed its sales and earnings goals Recode Daily: U.S. spy chiefs, countering Trump, say there’s no doubt about Russia’s election hacking Trending Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s secrets with all his employees, and almost none of it leaks How to turn Trump’s Twitter account against him in 10 seconds or less A former Snap employee is suing the company and claims it’s been lying about its growth The TV industry is facing a crisis and needs to immediately embrace new business models GoPro is relaunching its Karma drone after an embarrassing recall More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. The Latest CES 2017 CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas by Recode Staff Join us! Podcasts CES 2017 Too Embarrassed to Ask What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ And, more importantly, why was there a “smart hairbrush” there? Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Machines in the front, hominids in the back. Media Facebook Social Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers by Kurt Wagner Brown will take over Facebook’s News Partnerships team. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Home Weather 33° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 19 weather alerts Close Apple must pay up to $14.5B in back taxes to Ireland Elizabeth Weise and Jon Swartz, USA TODAY , KHOU 5:27 PM. CDT August 31, 2016 (Photo: Apple) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SAN FRANCISCO — Apple must pay up to $14.5 billion in back taxes to Ireland, the European Union ruled Tuesday after the bloc's anti-trust arm concluded that the technology firm was given illegal tax benefits over two decades. “Member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies — this is illegal under EU state aid rules,” said EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager. Vestager said a three-year investigation found Ireland granted such lavish tax breaks to Apple over many years. She said the multinational’s effective corporate tax rate on its European profits dropped from 1% in 2003 to a mere 0.0005% in 2014. Apple shares (AAPL) fell nearly 1% in morning trading. In a letter addressed to customers and published Tuesday, Apple says the EU's decision will have "serious, wide-reaching implications." "In Ireland and in every country where we operate, Apple follows the law and we pay all the taxes we owe," read an excerpt of Apple's letter. Irish authorities have vowed to fight the finding, and the U.S. government has disputed the EU's position. “Ireland’s position remains that the full amount of tax was paid in this case and no state aid was provided,” the Irish government said in a statement. “Ireland does not do deals with taxpayers.” Apple and other major U.S. firms including Google and Microsoft hold stockpiles of what's known as indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings, or revenue not subject to U.S. corporate income tax, outside the U.S. The 10 firms with the largest holdings collectively have $724 billion in this revenue outside the U.S., a USA TODAY report found. The EU has been investigating possible tax avoidance by multinational firms since June 2014. Under current EU rules, member countries cannot give aid that grants companies or sectors an unfair advantage. A ruling by the European Commission in October that a tax arrangement between Starbucks and the Netherlands was illegal is currently on appeal to the EU General Court, as is a similar ruling against Fiat in Luxembourg. An EU investigation into tax agreements between Amazon and Luxembourg is still awaiting a final decision. In a statement, a spokesperson for the U.S. Treasury Department says the agency is "disappointed" with the EU's ruling. "The Commission’s actions could threaten to undermine foreign investment, the business climate in Europe, and the important spirit of economic partnership between the U.S. and the EU," reads the Treasury statement. The European island offers the lure of minimal regulation and significantly lower corporate tax rates (12.5% vs. 35% in the U.S.), a major reason why top U.S. tech companies — including Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook, Yahoo, Microsoft, Twitter and eBay — have corporate facilities in Ireland, where they employ thousands. Apple employs about 5,500 workers in Cork, Ireland, where it is the largest private sector employer.   #Ireland gave illegal tax benefits to #Apple worth up to €13 billion: https://t.co/FppCWW52z4 pic.twitter.com/jkFqh35CO1— European Commission (@EU_Commission) August 30, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Student says she was raped inside high school Friday morning forecast New A-F ratings for Texas public schools Friday afternoon forecast From homeless to Marriott Marquis employee Celebs to rent out high rises in Houston for Super Bowl 51 M.D. Anderson layoffs won't affect patient care Getting back to work after getting laid off Pastor fallout continues, supporter steps us Coast Guard: Fire on oil platform in Gulf; four rescued More Stories Gunman shoots 13 at Fort Lauderdale Airport Jan. 6, 2017, 12:20 p.m. Ft. Lauderdale flight to Houston departed right… Jan. 6, 2017, 5:42 p.m. Houston Forecast: Freeze warning tonight into Saturday Mar. 1, 2016, 8:29 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
The Frame Movies, music, TV, arts and entertainment, straight from Southern California. Hosted by John Horn 89.3 KPCC Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ Search KPCC Donate Now Show Nav 89.3 KPCC Close Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us Follow KPCC KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ 89.3 KPCC Close Search: Frank Ocean heats up the battle between Apple and Spotify by Cameron Kell and Oscar Garza | The Frame Frank Ocean's newest album, "Blonde," is the most recent high-profile album to be released exclusively on Apple Music. It's also just the latest part of the ongoing battle between Apple and Spotify. Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Listen to this story 4 min 40 sec Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook The release of Frank Ocean's album, "Blonde," is just the latest chapter in the ongoing fight between Apple and Spotify. Spotify and Apple are two of the big players in the music streaming world. While Spotify has about twice as many paid subscribers, Apple is gaining fast and has some advantages when it comes to marketing. And that may be why Ocean ultimately decided to debut his much-anticipated album exclusively on Apple Music. To get the latest on the battle between music streaming services, Frame senior producer Oscar Garza caught up with Lucas Shaw. He’s an entertainment and media reporter for Bloomberg News, and he explained the history of the tenuous relationship between Apple and Spotify, as well as why certain artists are driving the companies further apart. Interview Highlights: What exactly are Apple and Spotify fighting over now? That would be for exclusive music. Apple introduced Apple Music last summer and in the year-plus since then it has emerged as the clear competitor to Spotify, which is the largest paid streaming music service in the world. And central to Apple's strategy in adding users — beyond being pre-installed on hundreds of millions of phones around the world — is exclusive deals with top artists like Drake, Chance the Rapper and, most recently, Frank Ocean. Spotify has routinely decried this practice, saying it's bad for the industry — that's in part because it does limit the availability of an album, and it's in part because these exclusives seem to have enabled Apple to catch up to Spotify very quickly. But all these albums do end up on Spotify eventually, right? Most of them do. Some artists, like Taylor Swift, are demanding that Spotify limit their new music to its paid tier. Spotify customers have a free option, which has advertising and most of the music, and a paid option with access to any music you can think of, and there are no ads. But Spotify, to date, has refused to do [offer exclusives], and so they've missed out on some music. But most music goes on Spotify, whether it's after a week, or three weeks, or five months. Apple Music has grown its subscriber base to about 15 million users. That's about half as many subscribers that Spotify has. But is Apple growing at a rate that has Spotify worried? Yeah, I think that's the bigger concern. I think one of Spotify's executives said last week that they're up to 39 million subscribers, while Apple's at 15 million. But Spotify got to 39 million in eight or nine years, while Apple's gotten almost halfway there in little over a year. So that's what concerns Spotify. And, Apple Music is part of Apple, which is the biggest, or most valuable, company in the world, and has a lot of money to pour into this venture and to compete with Spotify, which is private and depends exclusively on music to make money. Apple makes most of its money selling iPhones, iPads and other gadgets. Is there any evidence that Apple is converting Spotify subscribers to its music service? Most of the people in the music industry I've spoken with believe that Apple has brought in new customers to pay for music — rather than stealing from Spotify. It's just expanding the paid universe. That being said, even before Apple Music launched, Spotify has both publicly and privately accused Apple of anti-competitive practices. Thanks to iTunes, Apple was once the most powerful player in the music business. The music industry was really scared about piracy at the time. Steve Jobs convinced all the labels to sign up to iTunes, and then iTunes became the dominant way that people interacted with music. Spotify's been a threat to Apple because Spotify has in many ways replaced iTunes, it's a surrogate for ownership, and Spotify sees Apple trying to reclaim its dominant position and is worried about it doing so, because Spotify doesn't actually make any money yet. Spotify doesn't make any money?  Spotify generates about a little over a billion dollars in revenue, but it's not profitable and its losses have expanded. Because of the way these music services are structured, because of how much money they have to pay back to rights-holders, it becomes really hard for an independent music service to be profitable on its own. That's why you see a couple of the biggest players in music, YouTube and now Apple Music — subsidiaries of big tech companies — that view music as a way of selling other things. Spotify doesn't have that luxury. Music is its way of selling music, and until it can figure out how to make money, it's always going to be in a precarious position. Like The Frame? Catch up each afternoon with The Frame newsletter. Sign Up More from this episode The Frame for August 31, 2016 'Stranger Things'; Police depictions on TV; Apple v. Spotify Frank Ocean heats up the battle between Apple and Spotify The Duffer Brothers on early failures before 'Stranger Things' Cops on TV: Study shows impact TV crime dramas have on perception of police use of force Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments Join the discussion Become a KPCC Sponsor Recently on The Frame Dennis Lehane says he will never write about Los Angeles Voice actors: the unseen heroes of film and television Part II 'The OA' drowning scenes 'really traumatized the crew' About The Frame A daily chronicle of creativity in film, TV, music, arts and entertainment produced by Southern California Public Radio. Host John Horn leads the conversation, accompanied by the nation's most plugged-in cultural journalists. Airs Weekdays at 3:30 p.m. @theframe Podcast RSS Help KPCC improve our comments section! Take a 5 minute survey Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Become a KPCC Sponsor Enjoy The Frame? Try KPCC’s other programs. AirTalk With Larry Mantle Weekdays 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Lively and in-depth discussions of city news, politics, science, entertainment, the arts, and more. Latest Jan. 6 What happens if ACA is repealed without a replacement, Gitmo under Trump & TGI-FilmWeek! FilmWeek With Larry Mantle Friday noon-1 p.m. Reviews of the week's new movies, interviews with filmmakers, and discussion. Latest Jan. 6 FilmWeek: ‘Underworld: Blood Wars,’ ‘Railroad Tigers’ and more, plus a new tome on the Marx brothers Off-Ramp With John Rabe Saturday Noon to 1 p.m. and Sunday 6 to 7 p.m. A weekly look at SoCal life covering news, arts and culture, and more. Latest Jan. 7 Pastrami navelgazing at Langer's Deli, and a broadside aimed at hipster chefs Take Two With Alex Cohen & A Martínez Weekdays 9 to 11 a.m. News and culture through the lens of Southern California. Latest Jan. 6 DA reviews Raymond Lee Jennings case, Mammoth snow storms, why we love Jack in the Box tacos See all of our programs What's popular now on KPCC Rose Parade 2017: The route, parking, transportation and more Binge on the best of 2016: 10 series to see Who killed LA's streetcars, according to 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit?' Actress Debbie Reynolds, 84, dies a day after daughter Play Pause     Download audio file Mute Unmute Stop and Close KPCC's coverage is a Southern California resource provided by member-supported public radio. We can't do it without you. Your contributions power KPCC. Give today. 89.3 KPCC 89.3 KPCC 89.1 KUOR 90.3 KVLA Support the voices you trust! Pledge Now Sections Local US & World Politics Science Arts & Entertainment Business Crime & Justice Education Health Archive Programs Take Two AirTalk Off-Ramp The Frame Programs A–Z Program Schedule Program Archive Events KPCC In Person Sponsored Events Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Google Plus Newsletters RSS Podcasts Get our new KPCC for iPad app. About About KPCC Staff Contact Us Help / FAQ Feedback Careers @ KPCC 89.3 KPCC Southern California Public Radio 474 S. Raymond Ave. Pasadena, CA 91105 Call in: 866-893-5722 Our Partners American Public Media National Public Radio BBC Public Radio International NBC 4 Pasadena City College Terms & Conditions Privacy Feedback © 2017 Southern California Public Radio
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Popular Apple retail chain rebrands as OOBE 10:38 September 1, 2016PressReleaseComments Off on Popular Apple retail chain rebrands as OOBE Press Release – Oobe The chain has been a popular outlet for Apple computers and accessories in New Zealand with high visibility stores in the CBDs of Auckland, Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch and Fiji. Popular Apple retail chain rebrands as OOBE The popular Yoobee chain of Apple Computer retail stores has rebranded as OOBE. The chain has been a popular outlet for Apple computers and accessories in New Zealand with high visibility stores in the CBDs of Auckland, Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch and Fiji. Explaining the change in branding, CEO of Yoobee, Daven Naidu says, “For the past two-and-a-half years, Yoobee Retail has shared its name with the AGC Yoobee School of Design.” “While this has been great, this shared identity of Yoobee across two different establishments in two different industries, it has caused confusion in the market place.” Apart from the new branding, the chain will continue to operate as usual, Mr Naidu adds. “As has always been the case, OOBE will provide specialist retailing, servicing, as well as providing a very large percentage of warranty and non-warranty service for all Apple products and accessories.” The company has provided specialised IT support and expertise for businesses across New Zealand, helping businesses integrate both Apple and Microsoft technologies to create more efficient and cost effective digital environments. The new identity, OOBE, conveys the company’s vision in a more creative and coherent way, according to Mr Naidu. The joy of unpacking a smart new piece of technology is unparalleled in modern life, he says. “For instance, opening a new Apple product from its neatly presented box is an experience. With OOBE, we’ve captured that unique and highly pleasurable ‘Out Of Box Experience’. Hence OOBE. What’s more, we’ve always thought out of the box for providing creative solutions to our clientele,” Mr Naidu adds. Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news German Data Disappoints | Investors Wary ahead of US NFP MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares mixed NZ dollar may edge higher Restaurant Brands settlement of Hawaiian deal delayed St John apply to end bargaining with FIRST Union Travel Trends You’ll Be Talking About in 2017 Government’s EV charge runs flat CBL Corporation Closes NZ$150M Strategic Acquisition Strong Retention Strategies Key To A Successful Business CBL completes purchase of French insurance creator NZ dollar climbs above 70 US cts ERoad Q4 result ‘broadly in line’ with expectations MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares mixed NZ dollar hits 2-week high on US dollar sell-off in Asia While you were sleeping: Mood turns sour Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate The Corner The one and only. The EU’s Attack on Apple (and the US): Rotten to the Core Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Andrew Stuttaford August 31, 2016 7:02 PM The (unelected) EU Commission has decided that Ireland has not been charging Apple enough tax. Essentially it is arguing that Ireland’s tax arrangements with Apple constitute a form of state subsidy of a type forbidden by EU law. Brussels is now insisting that Ireland should recover up to EUR 13bn (Roughly $14.5bn) in ‘unpaid’ taxes from Apple. Here’s (some of) what Apple’s Tim Cook had to say: “We never asked for, nor did we receive, any special deals. We now find ourselves in the unusual position of being ordered to retroactively pay additional taxes to a government that says we don’t owe them any more than we’ve already paid.” The US  government is not too pleased either. Over on the home page, Kevin Williamson takes aim. As you’d expect, the whole piece is well worth reading, but these two sentences are  key: What Brussels cares about right now is that Ireland has lower taxes than many other EU countries, which creates what the masters at the EU regard as unfair and undesirable “tax competition.” Competition apparently is great for markets (hurrah, choice!) but not for governments (hurrah, monopoly?), at least from the EU point of view. The EU’s competition commissioner, a strikingly self-important Dane by the name of Vestager, is, it seems, opposed to competition. ‘Orwellian’ is the word, I believe.   But this is about more than just tax.  As, I’ve noted on a number of occasions, the EU has been trying to hit back at the success of the American technology sector for quite some time. In 2015, for example, the EU’s so-called “digital commissioner”  (then busy attacking Google) publicly complained that the  EU’s “online businesses are today dependent on a few non-EU players,” warning that “this must not be the case again in the future.” In a powerful article the Daily Telegraph today (again, read the whole thing, especially the passage  describing the powers of the EU’s Competition Directorate), Ambrose Evans-Pritchard makes a similar point: [There] is a strong suspicion that powerful forces in the EU are trying to use state aid probes to break the global dominance of America’s technology giants, vainly hoping to nurture its own ‘Silicon Valley’ behind a digital wall. Amazon, Facebook, Google, as well as Apple, are all under fire, and Microsoft has fought an epic battle. The view in Washington is that Mrs Vestager’s probe of the Russian gas giant Gazprom is being conducted with kid gloves, and that she is strangely accommodating over the Nord Stream pipeline so favoured by Germany. It is almost as if some in Brussels view America as the real enemy. That goes  too far. The EU sees both Russia and the US as, well, rivals. But, of the two, it only envies the US. And then Evans-Pritchard makes a very dangerous connection: The US has in the past played down the episodic outbursts of anti-Americanism, but patience is wearing thin and the strategic calculus is shifting. Donald Trump has already warned that he is willing to “walk away” from NATO altogether. Others question ever more loudly exactly why the US should continue to guarantee the EU’s eastern border against Vladimir Putin’s Russia if Brussels is behaving in such an unfriendly fashion – and without the American security blanket a disarmed Europe is almost completely defenceless… As  an example, Vestager’s home country of Denmark spends roughly 1.2 percent of GDP on defense, far below the NATO target of two percent. Food for thought, that.  Of course, quite a few of the Irish, most of whom probably thought they had the right to set their own taxes, are none too happy about Brussels’ move, and that’s despite the prospect of some extra money coming their way.  Evans-Pritchard quotes one Irish MP describing the Commission’s move as  “a highly politically-motivated targeting of a small member state”. In the EU, some states are more equal than others, it seems. As I said, Orwellian. And there’s one other thing. In 2008 Irish voters rejected the EU’s notorious Lisbon Treaty in a referendum. They were persuaded to change their mind in a second referendum held  the following year. In doing so, they were influenced by the country’s desperate economic condition (the financial and euro zone crises had erupted in the meantime) and by guarantees that the treaty would (to quote the BBC) “not affect key areas of Irish sovereignty, such as taxation…” Oh.  The Corner The one and only. Full Blog Load More NR Tweets Jay Nordlinger @ConStelz ! @jaynordlinger Jay Nordlinger Merkel grew up in the GDR. She has seen Putin's type her entire life. Not so gullible. @jaynordlinger Richard Brookhiser Still looks like he'd be good on a dance floor, three centuries on. https://t.co/TblvTnQyNi @RBrookhiser Photo Essay Consumer Electronics Show   About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Firefighters battle outbuilding fire in Apple Valley early Wednesday Wednesday Aug 31, 2016 at 3:40 PM Sep 1, 2016 at 11:28 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — Firefighters battled a blaze early Wednesday morning as an outbuilding near a residential home burst into flames.  At 1:39 a.m. Apple Valley Fire Protection District units were dispatched to a reported structure fire in the 20000 block of Wisconsin Street in Apple Valley, according to Fire Chief Sid Hultquist. Responding crews arrived on scene to find a fully involved in fire in a 600-square-foot outbuilding.  Due to the area hampered by no water supply, firefighters made an aggressive attack, saving multiple surrounding structures, including two nearby homes that were less than 75 feet away, Hultquist said. “Water had to be shuttled to the scene from the nearest fire hydrant, which was a quarter mile away,” Hultquist said. Firefighters were able to knock down the fire in 15 minutes. A total of three engines and nine firefighters from AVFPD were on scene at the time of incident. The cause of the fire is currently under investigation. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad If 1 lens on a phone camera is good, are 2 better? By Associated Press Published: 18:57 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 18:58 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Apple isn't saying much about its next iPhones, but there's been plenty of speculation that the giant Plus model will have two camera lenses side by side on the back. Why? A second lens could make photos sharper or give amateur shutterbugs blurring techniques more common in full-bodied SLR cameras. Apple isn't revealing anything until its product event in San Francisco next week. For now, though, people can look at how a few other smartphone makers are using two lenses. ___ These Aug. 27, 2016, photos show a statue of Alexander Hamilton in New York¿s Central Park taken with Motorola's Moto Z phone with a zoom attachment. You¿d be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen. What you¿re getting is a software trick that leaves images fuzzy. For example, the image at left was taken with the phone's regular lens from afar and enlarged. The photo at right was taken with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) MOTOROLA MOTO Z The three Moto Z phones get amazing zoom with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. Motorola unveiled its third Moto Z model and the attachment, called Hasselblad True Zoom Mod, at the IFA tech show in Berlin on Wednesday. An accessory normally wouldn't count, but in this case, it's an integral part of the phone once you attach it with powerful magnets. The Moto Z has a mix-and-match design that makes it possible to remove its back and replace it with a speaker, a projector or a zoom lens that offers 10-fold magnification — better than what many point-and-shoot cameras offer. You'd be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen. That's just a software trick that leaves images fuzzy. The camera lens itself is fixed; you need an attachment for true zoom. With it, a statue of Alexander Hamilton in New York's Central Park looks as sharp from afar as it would closer up. By contrast, the same statue taken with the regular lens from afar looks dull. It's possible to make out a New York University logo on a bean-bag toss game board shot with the second lens from across the lawn; with the regular lens, it's just a blob of purple. This functionality will cost you, though. The module alone will start at $250 when it comes out in mid-September, or at the high end of what point-and-shoots cost. That's on top of $400 for the cheapest Moto Z. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizable market. The results are indeed remarkable, but not flawless. It takes a second or so to focus and shoot, enough to miss a moving subject. Faces can look distorted near the edges of the image, and the second lens doesn't do extreme close-ups, known as macros. That's one thing stand-alone cameras still do better. And the attachment is about as heavy and bulky as a point and shoot. But the module gives you amazing zoom shots that you can easily share via the phone. That's not a simple task with most cameras. ___ LG G5 The G5's second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. That's the difference between getting the entire Colosseum in Rome into a single shot, as opposed to just some of it. At St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City, the wide angle gets you not just Michelangelo's dome but also the ornate columns holding it up. With most cameras, you're shooting as though you lack peripheral vision. With a wide angle, the photo frame expands to almost match your real-life field of view. Wide angles aren't always desirable. If you're shooting an elephant in front of you, you want more of the elephant and less of its surroundings. But wide angles are great when you're shooting a large landmark or a large group of people from close up. As with other wide-angle lenses, though, LG's produces distortion around the edges of the image. Think of how warped fisheye shots look. Columns inside St. Peter's Basilica look curved rather than straight. Distant objects look even farther away. The regular lens is what you'll want most of the time. Of course, you can get something close to a wide-angle shot by installing apps or using built-in panorama features, but it takes time to pan across the landscape, rather than snap once. That software approach also doesn't work for video. ___ HUAWEI P9 One lens captures images in color, the other in black and white, or monochrome. The dedicated lens produces sharper monochrome shots than you can get by letting software bleach out the color from an ordinary image. Huawei says it also lets in more light. In practice, though, the differences are subtle. Images of colorful street art in New York often look cleaner, with better contrast, using the monochrome lens than by running comparable color shots through a black-and-white software filter. While this will matter to artists, it probably won't to most users, especially since people rarely take black-and-white shots anyway. But that monochrome lens promises to help color shots as well. By using sensors for the two lenses in conjunction, the phone can restore some of the detail and light lost to filters in the color sensor. The result is a camera that's among the top in the class — though recent iPhones and Samsung Galaxy phones do just as well or better with just the color lens. And despite promises of better lighting, the Galaxy S7 often produced better night shots than the P9. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background to highlight something in the foreground, mimicking an SLR technique done by adjusting the lens aperture. The P9 isn't available in the U.S. yet, but Huawei is taking a similar dual-lens approach with the just-announced Honor 8. Motorola's Moto Z phone, with the Hasselblad True Zoom attachment, is viewed from the top side, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The orange camera shutter button is at right. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizable market. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The LG G5 phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The G5 has two lenses, with the second lens offering an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The LG G5 dual-lens phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The G5's second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Motorola's Moto Z phone, with the Hasselblad True Zoom attachment, is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone now beats stand-alone cameras in an important way: You can get zooming capability without sacrificing the ability to easily share images through the phone. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Huawei's P9 mobile phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone features dual lenses: one lens captures images in color, the other in black-and-white. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Huawei's P9 mobile phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone features dual lenses: one lens captures images in color, the other in black-and-white. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Motorola's Moto Z phone, with the Hasselblad True Zoom attachment, is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizable market. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) These April 13, 2016, photos show Trevi Fountain in Rome at night, taken with the LG G5 phone. The phone's regular lens captures the statue, top, while the wide-angle lens gets the whole fountain in the middle. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) These April 13, 2016, photos shows the Victor Emmanuel II Monument in Rome, taken with the LG G5 phone. With the phone's wide-angle lens, bottom, distortion from the lens makes the straight stairs appear curved. Using the regular lens, top, the stairs appear straight. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) These April 12, 2016, photos show St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, taken with the LG G5 phone. The wide-angle lens captures more of the scene, but the curved columns, bottom, show the limitations. At top is a view taken from the same position, but photographed with the camera phone's normal lens. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) These June 22, 2016, photos show flowers taken in New York's Carl Schurz Park with the Huawei P9 smartphone, with dual camera lenses. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background, bottom, to highlight something in the foreground. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in New York City Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Home Radio Google+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rss Login If Buhari Does Not Kill Corruption It Will Kill Buhari News Sports Africa World Opinions Politics Business Diaspora Entertainment LifeStyle Real Estate Classifieds Media Members Business & Finance | 1 September 2016 00:42 CET  0  Comment Irish Cabinet Delays Decision On Apple Tax Appeal Source: thewillnigeria.com Previous | Next  Ireland’s cabinet could not agree on Wednesday whether to fight a European Commission ruling against Dublin’s tax dealings with Apple (AAPL.O), raising questions over any appeal and the government’s stability. Finance Minister Michael Noonan has insisted Dublin would appeal any adverse ruling ever since the EU investigation began in 2014. But after over five hours of discussion, the cabinet adjourned until Friday when the government said a decision would be made. Dublin has just over two months at the latest to make an appeal against the Commission’s ruling that the U.S. tech giant should hand over to Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) ruled to be illegal state aid. Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down a tax windfall that would be enough to fund the country’s health service for a year, and this appears to be complicating the cabinet decision whether to fight the ruling. “Following the discussion, it was agreed to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Attorney General’s Office and with officials,” the government press office said in a statement. Apple, one of many major multinationals whose European headquarters are based in Ireland, has said it will appeal the decision and a failure by the Irish government to join them could undermine the country’s pro-business credentials. Noonan said on Tuesday he “disagreed profoundly” with what he called a bizarre order from the Commission. However, the Independent Alliance – a group of independent lawmakers represented in the minority coalition government – said on Tuesday that they were reviewing the EU’s decision and would need to consult further with Noonan, tax officials and independent experts. If the Independent Alliance refused to back an appeal and pulled out of the government, Prime Minister Enda Kenny’s Fine Gael party would no longer have sufficient support in parliament to pass legislation. That would prompt the collapse of the government, analysts said. “The government can’t survive without the Independent Alliance,” said Eoin O’Malley, politics lecturer at Dublin City University. “(But) the way the Independent Alliance appear to work is that they have cabinet (discussions) first and then discuss it with each other. I would be more concerned if in a week’s time the cabinet hadn’t agreed.” DIVIDED OPINION As well as the Independent Alliance, Fine Gael also relies on an agreement with its biggest rival, Fianna Fail, to abstain on key votes to facilitate the minority government. Fianna Fail said on Tuesday it would back an appeal through the European Courts. Both parties were criticized by left-wing Sinn Fein, the country’s third largest party. It said the government should accept the Commission’s ruling and impose the tax bill on the iPhone maker. It also increased pressure on the Independent Alliance, which agreed to go into coalition in May only after an unprecedented 10 weeks of post-election talks and has already broken ranks on another vote. “It is important that Irish taxpayers are represented. The Independent Alliance have an opportunity to do that. They should oppose any appeal and insist that the correct tax bill is paid by Apple,” Sinn Fein’s David Cullinane said in a statement. Opinion on the government’s stance was split on the streets of Dublin where some were stunned that they would give up a potential 13 billion euro tax windfall. “They are doing the wrong thing. They don’t care about the normal people,” said Louise O’Reilly, 57, a full-time carer for her diabetic and partially blind mother. “There’s two laws in this country, one for the rich and one for the poor.” At stake for Ireland is the lure of its low corporate tax rate, a cornerstone of economic policy for decades that has drawn investors from large multinational companies whose staff account for almost one in 10 of the country’s workers. The Apple decision also comes as Ireland seeks to market itself as one of the top locations for any companies considering moving operations from Britain after its vote to leave the EU. Dublin has already seen a jump in inquiries, particularly from financial services firms. The Commission’s drive could check that advantage. The U.S. Treasury warned that the move threatened to undermine U.S. investment in Europe and a spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said it would welcome any company that is prepared to invest in the United Kingdom. Others on the streets of Dublin shared the government’s concerns. “People need to educate themselves. If we take the 13 billion we’ll have a catastrophe jobs wise,” said Tracey Whelan, 46, an accountant for a private equity firm in Dublin. “Obviously we’d love it… but it’s a poisoned apple.” REUTERS Comments: This article has 0 comment, leave your comment. Do you have an article for publication? Please email it to [email protected] .  0  Comment Business & Finance 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid Friday, January 6, 2017 Businesses today now consider owning a website a necessity rather than a luxury. This is because the ... Mmm Signals Return, Issues Instructions To Participants Friday, January 6, 2017 Ahead of the restart of the Ponzi scheme Mavordi Mondial Movement (MMM) on 14 January, promoters ha ... Nnpc Awards Trafiura, Oando, Sahara Energy, Others Contract To Lift 1.3 Million Crude Thursday, January 5, 2017 Oando, Sahara Energy, Masters Energy and 36 other local and international oil firms have got the nod ... Top Tips For Brand Building And Business Marketing With Snapchat In Nigeria Wednesday, January 4, 2017 With over 100 million active users and 400 million snaps per day, the social media platform is one o ... show more stories I never give up faith until I see my fate. By: David Oscar Yawson More Quotes | Submit Quote Recent Popular Comments 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid Cislac Bags 2016 Legislative Service Award Proposed Mega-party Adp Zones Positions, To Submit Registration Documents Next W Why Police Raided Patience Jonathan's Abuja House – Sources …police, Others Acte Group Explains Mm’s Open-door Policy For The Poor Wike Faults Igp On Beheaded Policemen, Accuses Police Of Cover-up Diezani Forfeits $153m To Fg Mmm Signals Return, Issues Instructions To Participants Diversion Of Flights: Fayose Knocks Fg ....says Kaduna Not Safe Dangote Faces Challenges In Tanzania, Shuts Cement Plant Cbn, Ndic Considers Adaptability Of Bitcoin In Nigeria Payment System Ribadu Names Eminent Nigerians Who 'frustrated' Fight Against Corruption Nigerian Fintech Start-up Paystack Raises Us$1.3 Million Mtn Refutes Sahara Reporters Report, Denies Firing Amina Ayagbola Over Bribe To Nigeria Governor Wanted By British Government For Laundering $515m Zoto Mobile Recharge App Becomes The Number One App In Nigeria How Young Nigerian Entrepreneur Turned Down Bill Gates To Build An Award-winning [communique] December 2016 Nextier Power Dialogue Fulani Herdsmen Say Southern Kaduna Attacks Are Reprisal For 2011 Post-president The Media Is To Blame For Tribal Sentiments Among Kenyans Buhari Cannot Islamise Nigeria: Osinbajo Olusegun Obajanjo: Impera Tive Of Truce With Atiku Abubakar Apc Plotting To Use Compromised Judges To Oust Me: Gov Fayose U.s Puts Osama Bin Laden's Son On Terror Blacklist Nnpc To Set Up Security Advisory Council To Tackle Pipeline Vandalism Apc Will Never Be Party To Okowa’s Failed Government --- State Chairman Patience Jonathan: Police Searched Her Family House But Found Nothing Incriminat About Us About us Contact us Site Map Partners Links Services Advertising E-mail News News Feeds News Widgets News General News Sports News Movie News Media News Sports Premier League Ghana 2008 Angola 2010 Worldcup 2010 Opinions Have Your Say Feature Articles Editorials Opinions Entertainment Music News Movie News Video Clips Audio Releases Directories Real Estates Classifieds Yellow pages Books All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017, © Copyright TheNigerianVoice.com Other sites of MG Media Group Modern Ghana, The Nigerian Voice, Nollywood Gists
Contact Newsagent Login Top Scoops Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Book Reviews | Gordon Campbell | News Flashes | Scoop Features | Scoop Video | Strange & Bizarre | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Top Scoops Tweet Gordon Campbell on Apple’s unpaid tax issues Thursday, 1 September 2016, 10:02 am Column: Gordon Campbell Gordon Campbell on Apple’s unpaid tax issuesFirst published on Werewolf Reportedly, Apple owes Ireland $US14 billion in unpaid taxes, plus interest. Not that Ireland seems to want the reputational risk involved in the terrifying role that the European Commission has just landed it with. Yikes. In the wake of Brexit, Dublin had been hoping to displace London as Europe’s citadel of commerce. Instead, it is being handed the job of being the tax sheriff enforcing the law on the same multinationals it was aiming to serve. Amusing as it is to watch Ireland furiously back pedalling away from the multi-billion tax windfall that the European Commission is trying to toss into its lap, the revelations about Apple’s tax go-round are grim reading. As Bloomberg News pointed out yesterday, firms routinely start out wanting to be (a) good corporate citizens while (b) simultaneously managing their tax affairs to the maximum benefit of their shareholders. Problem being, those two impulses are rarely compatible. In the end, Apple’s compliance with any sustainable version of international tax law looks more like Bill Clinton’s adherence to the ‘forsake all others’ bit in the vows of matrimony. Apple was not merely shifting profits around to low tax jurisdictions. (That’s arguably OK, right? Even Bono does it.) What Apple was doing was shifting profits to a tax jurisdiction that didn’t exist. That has proved to be a step too far, even for the EU with all of its homegrown Swiss, Dutch and Liechensteinian tax dodges. Here’s how the European Commission sought to name and shame Apple in their press release earlier this week: Apple set up their sales operations in Europe in such a way that customers were contractually buying products from Apple Sales International in Ireland rather than from the shops that physically sold the products to customers. In this way Apple recorded all sales, and the profits stemming from these sales, directly in Ireland. So far, so Bono. But then came this: Under the agreed method, most profits were internally allocated away from Ireland to a "head office" within Apple Sales International. This "head office" was not based in any country and did not have any employees or own premises. Its activities consisted solely of occasional board meetings. Only a fraction of the profits of Apple Sales International were allocated to its Irish branch and subject to tax in Ireland. The remaining vast majority of profits were allocated to the "head office", where they remained untaxed. Wowee. First you say its all OK because we’re routing everything to Ireland and paying tax there, but then the profits vanish into a virtual 'head office' that’s situated nowhere, or only in cyberspace. This kind of thing makes Kim Dotcom – even in the worst incarnations dreamed up by the US - look like a total piker. Google achieves similar low tax outcomes as Apple, as explained here. Amazon also paid ridiculously low levels of tax in the United Kingdom last year - it took in 5.3 billion pounds sterling from British online shoppers last year but recorded profits of only 34.4 million pounds and paid only 11.9 million pounds in tax. Starbucks has been coming under flak in the UK for recording similar tax outcomes. In the wake of the European Commission findings about Apple, both the US and Ireland have vociferously appealed, with the Americans claiming that the European Union is suddenly and unfairly targeting US firms. Hardly. The EU had signalled its intention to crack down on these practices more than three years ago. Hopefully, the days when multinationals can cheerfully funnel their sales out of economies all around the world - thus avoiding tax on any consequent profits - are coming to a close. It can’t come soon enough. As things stand, individual New Zealanders are being required to pay GST on their online purchases. Yet the corporate likes of Amazon, Google and Apple are being allowed (by our government to continue their plunder here, virtually at will. For example: In its 2015 financial year, Apple Sales New Zealand earned $732 million in revenue. But its financial statements show $701m of that was gobbled up by the cost of sales here - leaving just over $30m in profit. It paid tax on that profit of $8.9m. All up, Apple has paid just $27.2m in tax in New Zealand over the last five years - less than one percent of the $2.8bn it has made in revenue in that time. GST is running at 15 %. Apple is paying one per cent on its gross revenue here, at best. Hey, it only takes one bad Apple to spoil things for everyone. Invite Trump in Mexico Poll ratings at rock bottom levels? Invite the Donald! Mexico’s president Enrique Pena Nieto has approval ratings languishing down around 23%. What can possibly make him look good? Standing up for the good of Mexico against that most hated of all gringos, Donald J. Trump. Simultaneously, what can make Trump earn sympathy votes back at home? Making his immigration case in person, right in the face of that swarthy fellow from south of the Rio Grande. Having trouble imagining Trump as President? Look, he’s on a visit to Mexico… and he’s looking presidential. Shaking hands and stuff. In other words, today’s meeting between Trump and Pena Nieto is a love/hate match between two of the most despised politicians in the region. It can only be up from here for both of them. Can Andrew Little invite Trump to Labour’s annual conference, and argue with him? Angel Olsen, On Tour Angel Olsen will be touring here in December, behind her new album, My Woman. In her mini-interview this week with RNZ’s Nick Bollinger, Olsen still managed to pack in a number of complex ideas : such as her love of metaphor and ambivalence, and of art that conveys the micro shifts in commitment we all experience, even at times of emotional extreme. (She’s always been great at conveying the amusing side of emo’s operatic extravagances.) What this means is that…during the gigs at San Fran and at the Kings Arms in December, you may need to get right up the front to read those flickering changes in her face. They’re very evident in in this clip I’ve linked to before: On the new album, Olsen steps right away from the “folkie gal with guitar” stereotype that has always sat rather awkwardly on her shoulders. On this nine minute song from My Woman, she pursues commitment, but on her own terms : I want to live life/ I want to die right / Next to you….and still finds time for some guitar shredding at the end. Finally. there’s her love of metaphor…on this earlier track, she took Miranda, the US Supreme Court protection against self incrimination, and used it as an analogy for emotional distance. Funny, but she also meant it, man. © Scoop Media   Tweet         Top Scoops Headlines COMMENT > >   New HiveMind Project: What Should We Do About Sugar? While most people agree that increased sugar consumption is a major cause of too many New Zealanders being overweight and obese, what we should do about this remains a matter of debate and argument. More>> ALSO: HiveMind - Sugar and Obesity Factsheet and links NZ Govt - Clearer labelling for oils and sugars a step closer Greens - Kids’ health should come before sugar barons’ profits University of Auckland - Study sheds light on diet of children with weight issues WellSouth - Local food and drink retailers promoting eating guidelines HiveMind Response - Medicalising obesity misses the point Gordon Campbell: On Vladimir Putin’s Wonderful, Fabulous, Very Good Year Safe to say that no-one, but no-one has had a better 2016 than Vladimir Putin. What an annus mirabilis it has been for him. Somehow, Russia got away with directly interfering in the US election process, such that a friendly oligarch is about to take up residence in the White House, rather than a genuine rival. More>> ALSO: David Swanson - How I Produce Fake News for Russia Gordon Campbell: On The Media Normalisation Of Trump We all supposedly agree that the media is going to hell in a tabloid handbasket, but the trends to the contrary can be a bit harder to spot. In his 1970s book The Right Stuff, Tom Wolfe had mocked the way the media instinctively acts as what he called The Victorian Gentleman. More>> ALSO: Ramzy Baroud - What Should Palestinians Expect – Can Trump Be Any Worse? Binoy Kampmark - Climate Change in the Shadow of Denial - Bodies as Propaganda: The US-Australia Refugee Agreement David Swanson - James Mattis Is a Secretary of Offense - Solving Abusive International Relationships Binoy Kampmark: The Reality Of Fake News Fake news as reality; the inability to navigate the waters in which it swims; a weakness in succumbing to material best treated with a huge pinch of salt. That, we are told, is the new condition of the global information environment. More>> Alastair Thompson: Helen Kelly And The Compassionless People I wasn't a close friend of Helen Kelly's. But her passing has moved me to tears more than once in the past two weeks. I feel honoured to be one of the many who worked with her and was helped by her. More>> Postnatal Depression: 'The Thief That Steals Motherhood' - Alison McCulloch Post-natal depression is a sly and cruel illness, described by one expert as ‘the thief that steals motherhood’, it creeps up on its victims, hiding behind the stress and exhaustion of being a new parent, catching many women unaware and unprepared. More>> ALSO: Alison McCulloch - Postnatal Depression: 'But, I'm Not Depressed' Alison McCulloch - Postnatal Depression: Finding Someone Who 'Gets It' Alison McCulloch - Postnatal Depression: Quick Facts and Links Alison McCulloch - Postnatal Depression: Audio - Women Tell Their Stories Gordon Campbell: On News From The US Election Eve Here’s a somewhat scary headline from October 30 on Nate Silver’s 538 site, which summed up the statistical factors in play at that point: “The Cubs Have A Smaller Chance Of Winning Than Trump Does” More>> ALSO: Scoop World section - On the US Election Outcome Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on the last rites for the TPP BusinessDesk - While you were sleeping: US election nerves Binoy Kampmark - The FBI Intervenes: James Comey and Hillary Clinton’s Emails Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter LATEST HEADLINES TOP SCOOPS Positivity, Pangloss, Partisanship, Propaganda, Populism 05/01/17 | David Swanson Russia-United States Relations under Trump Administration 05/01/17 | INSS Insight Raising Questions About Politics and the Mass Media 05/01/17 | Walter Brasch The Trump Presidency May be Better for Palestine 05/01/17 | Ramzy Baroud Tony Abbott, Israel and Australian Foreign Policy 05/01/17 | Binoy Kampmark Thailand's Military Junta Consolidates Power 04/01/17 | Richard S. Ehrlich Jitterati: Back After a Long Break... 04/01/17 | Grant Buist More   RSS   The State of NZ News Media - A Public Conversation by The Scoop Team In 2015 Scoop published a series of reflections on the state of the news media in New Zealand. The series kicked off with an article from Scoop Editor Alastair Thompson starting at the beginning of modern journalism and concluding with five starting points for the conversation, plus a suggestion about a place to start looking for a solution. Readers of Scoop are invited to participate actively in a public conversation about issues raised in the editorial servives in Scoop's Online Community Hosted by Loomio.org. Join The Public Conversation See also... Operation Chrysalis   EDITORS PICKS SITEWIDE MOST READ 1. Background to how Israel nearly went to war with New Zealand By Michael Field 2. Mt Albert by-election date - No National candidate 3. PM English announces new Cabinet line-up 4. Wellington Council orders 80 CBD buildings checked for quake safety 5. NIWA: The year's top science findings 6. More than one billion Yahoo accounts breached 7. Australian report shows fair use vital in copyright reform News Alerts 1 The Beginning and the End of the TPPA | Jordan McCluskey 2 TPPA ministerial fails - time for NZ Govt. to cut losses | Professor Jane Kelsey 3 Yelawolf Announces Headline Auckland Show | Great Things 4 No TPP deal in Maui, but Groser 'extremely confident' | BusinessDesk 5 House price expectations highest since survey began in 1996 | ASB Bank 6 iHeartRadio New Zealand presents Adam Lambert | Niki Schuck 7 Scoop's #FutureOfNews Challenge & Solution - A ''New Scoop'' | Alastair Thompson More News Alerts   Community Interim Operations Manager for ChangeMakers Refugee Forum Save Point England Reserve in Glen Innes Appalling vandalism Kiwis Against Seabed Mining lobby denied charitable status Descendants of Atafu gather in NZ to write their gafa Green Party challenges Religious Freedom Ngāruahine celebrates treaty negotiator receiving honour More   RSS News Alerts   Fighting Talk Dim Post Lyndon Hood - still not quite caught up but here's... 1:19 AM | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - sort of catching up but not quite 1:16 AM | Lyndon Lyndon Hood, still using this title format, Wellin... 17 Feb | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - obviously not too busy, Wellington 21 Jan | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - still here, Wellington 19 Jan | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - listing noticably, Wellington 08 Dec | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - catching up again, Wellington 06 Apr | Lyndon More   RSS News Alerts A couple of links and thoughts 05 Jan | danylmc Sentences and Foucault Dreams 03 Jan | danylmc Notes on George Michael and a theory of (some) cel... 27 Dec | danylmc What I’ve been reading and not reading and thinkin... 6:51 PM | danylmc Feminism! 20 Dec | danylmc Reshuffle thought 18 Dec | danylmc While you were sleeping 15 Dec | danylmc More   RSS News Alerts   Comment Section Blogroll Black Box Voting Buzz Flash The Brad Blog Democracy Now Else Woman Global Research Greg Palast Gush Shalom OpEd News Progressive Review Earthworm Ramzy Baroud Solari T r u t h o u t Powershop.co.nz: Electricity Suppliers - Electricity Prices Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring     Contact Newsagent Login Top Scoops Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
FRI, JAN 06, 2017 | -12 °C Clear Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 5 minutes ago Russia’s role in Syria undiminished despite latest withdrawal Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to cast himself as a peacemaker in... Latest News SEE MORE 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested From the ashes: Fort McMurray residents share stories seven months after the fire Suspect in airport shooting has no links to Canada, says official Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 1 hour ago Alberta fires push Canada’s insurable damage to record $4.9 billion in 2016 The wildfires in Fort McMurray, Alta., and flooding in Atlantic Canada... Latest Business News SEE MORE Mexican Ford workers blame Trump for dashing dreams Visa-Walmart deal sparks concern about higher fees for merchants Chinese tech firms use gadget show as a launch pad for U.S. Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 27 minutes ago P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota Western Michigan's P.J. Fleck to coach at Minnesota Latest Sports News SEE MORE Silent Bird wins feature by a neck at Santa Anita Cowboys' Jerry Jones unfazed by uncertain future of defence Canada's Buchanan wins MAC Hermann Trophy Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 43 minutes ago Fadi Fawaz: 'Police have not accused me of anything' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz has told the Daily Mail that police... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Ciara drops Future lawsuit 'Things not great' between Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West Vivica A. Fox and 50 Cent end feud Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 7 hours ago I hereby resolve — no more children, not ever If you don’t want children, don’t’ have them. But if you do, then don’t... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 05, 2017 Insect pasta sauce makers want you to eat bugs 'Moving away from the fear factor:' Bringing insects into mainstream diets Latest Stories SEE MORE Tips for conquering debt in the new year Insect pasta sauce makers want you to eat bugs Living near busy road ups dementia risk: study Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 11 hours ago The life microbial: A gut makeover could be a good investment in your health Intestinal-tract diversity makes for better health in general Latest Living stories SEE MORE Best apps to help you keep your 2017 New Year’s resolutions Six mistakes you might be making in hanging or cleaning your art Yes, you can sow seeds today. Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 50% off Paintball Admissions Packages discount: 50% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $40.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Aging with grace: How to help your pet as they get older Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 50% off Paintball Admissions Packages discount: 50% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $40.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Attention, all knitters! August 22 is this year’s SockEd Event Home News Business Samsung expands payment business to new smartwatch... | Aug 31, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 Samsung expands payment business to new smartwatch products Samsung watch Mark Lennihan,The Associated Press The Samsung Pay feature on the Gear S3 smartwatch is demonstrated in New York. The smartwatch comes with expanded ability to make payments at stores. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Nate Lanxon and Marie Mawad BERLIN — Samsung Electronics' new wristwatch device, unveiled in Berlin Wednesday, includes support for contactless payments, as the company pushes to catch up to Apple in a still nascent market of wearable products. At the IFA technology trade show, the world's biggest smartphone maker introduced the Gear S3 Classic and Gear S3 Frontier — two variations of the same base product, which support Samsung Pay; and on the Frontier version also allow users to make phone calls or even book an Uber ride from the device without the need for a smartphone to be connected. "We want people to be able to leave their phone at home and use only the Gear," Tony Kim, from Samsung's global product planning team, said ahead of the product's announcement. Samsung, which introduced its first wristwatch-like device in 2013 ahead of Apple and other rivals to carve a share of the just-forming wearable market, failed to draw people's attention to the new watch category. But it has steadily been increasing the feature sets of such products, making them less dependent on being permanently in range of a connected phone. Apple is slightly ahead of Samsung in rolling out its Apple Pay contactless payment business — currently present in nine world regions compared to Samsung's eight. Both systems let consumers register a credit or bank card to their phones in order to make small contactless payments in stores, taxis, or on public transport. And both companies now have wearables that support the technology. But it's the cellular features of the Gear line that may be a sore spot for Apple, which had been trying to incorporate similar technology into the next version of the Apple Watch, but ran into delays. The feature in Samsung's model allows the watch to have its own phone number for making phone calls, sending SMS messages or using apps from Spotify or Uber Technologies. Only U.S. and South Korean versions of the Gear will support this feature, with other regions needing Wi-Fi or to be connected via Bluetooth to a compatible phone. Samsung's incorporation of cellular connectivity into the previous Gear models was a key contributor to the product line's success, according to market analysis published by research group IDC in July. "Focusing on the telco channel to drive future success in telco-driven markets is likely to remain the core strategy for Samsung moving forward," the group concluded. Other features of the Gear S3 include a 1.3-inch colour display, a GPS location sensor, 4GB of internal memory, wireless charging, and a battery the company says will last between three and four days on a single charge. It's also resistant to water and dust. Just as Apple's smartwatch does not connect to Samsung's phones, Samsung's Gear S3 doesn't connect to its rival's iPhone range, although it's compatible with many competing Android devices such as those manufactured by Sony Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. The new Gear S3 models are expected to be on sale before the end of the year. USA Today | Latest News World 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Snapshot Business Engineering firm moving 500 employees into office in Waterloo’s Idea Quarter Snapshot Local Waterloo Region trailer park picks up the pieces Snapshot Local Pedestrians hit in Kitchener, Cambridge Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 Photo Gallery 2016 KW Santa Claus Parade The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Waterloo Region trailer park picks up the pieces Pedestrian seriously hurt after struck by vehicle in Kitchener Engineering firm moving 500 employees into office in Waterloo’s Idea Quarter Former legal clerk glorified drunk driving before crash that killed cyclist Waterloo Region death notices for Jan. 5 In Your Neighbourhood Today Why you should eat at a restaurant that sources local ingredients At Ginger Express in Cambridge, they believe that every dish they serve should be the best it can... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Regular or heavy, Becker Bros. can tow it Towing — it’s what the Becker Bros. of Kitchener are famous for. Whether you require a tow because... Dealing with wisdom teeth Wisdom teeth can be a real problem, but King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo can help. Dr. A.... Becker Bros. Towing: Celebrating 29 years Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener is family owned company proudly celebrating 29 years in the... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Target Mechanical Services has you covered for your industrial HVAC needs Just like your home or the shop or restaurant down the street, industrial environments also need... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... Changing lives in just a few hours a month: Mentor a child today Big Brothers Big Sisters of Waterloo Region needs your help. There are 342 kids locally who are in... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Waterloo building contractor stays in the lead with project tracking software Building construction firm Duane Erb Construction in Waterloo stays on the cutting edge of project... Why you should go with high-end wipers for your next project Any repair technician can tell you why keeping your workspace clean is important, and with... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Rainbow Eavestroughing: Superior products, professional services Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener provides professional workmanship with superior products that... Superior sign services and installations make Signs Galore a leader in its field Sign services and installations are reaching new levels of excellence at Signs Galore, which is... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... Take advantage of children’s fitness and arts tax credits while you can Children’s fitness and arts tax credits are being phased out, but Hollinger Business Services of... Minimize the risk of slips and falls with this easy solution No Slip Solutions in Kitchener is in the business of keeping people safe. Whether it's in your... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal 42% off Canadian Haddock $35 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal 50% off Battered White Fish $20 View Deal Steelhead Trout Fillet $30 View Deal 42% off Stir-Fry Argentinian Shrimp $35 View Deal Up to 50% off towards Authentic Indian Cuisine $15 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Alberta fires push Canada’s insurable damage to record $4.9 billion in 2016 Mexican Ford workers blame Trump for dashing dreams Visa-Walmart deal sparks concern about higher fees for merchants Chinese tech firms use gadget show as a launch pad for U.S. Toyota will work with Trump, automaker’s president says PreviousNext Laser tag inventor gives game a mobile update Tim Hortons plans full-service coffee shops in England, Scotland, Wales The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Steve Jobs Planned to Work on Apple TV Set After Stepping Down as Apple CEO – Mac Rumors Posted on August 31, 2016 by Mac Rumors When Steve Jobs stepped down from his position as Apple CEO on August 24, 2011 due to illness, he didn’t intend to leave the company. Instead Jobs told Recode’s Walt Mossberg he planned work on an Apple-branded television set to re-invent the … Mossberg: The post-Jobs Apple has soared financially, but lacks a breakthrough productThe Verge Dear Tim Cook: Please surprise us with cool innovationUSA TODAY Walt Mossberg Says Apple Lacks a Breakthrough ProductAppAdvice Recode -TheStreet.com -Benzinga -Financial Express all 10 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Contact Newsagent Login World Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO World Video | Defence | Foreign Affairs | Natural Events | Trade | NZ in World News | NZ National News Video | NZ Regional News | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> World Tweet Ireland gave illegal tax benefits to Apple worth up to €13bn Thursday, 1 September 2016, 10:12 am Press Release: European Commission European Commission - Press release State aid: Ireland gave illegal tax benefits to Apple worth up to €13 billion Brussels, 30 August 2016 The European Commission has concluded that Ireland granted undue tax benefits of up to €13 billion to Apple. This is illegal under EU state aid rules, because it allowed Apple to pay substantially less tax than other businesses. Ireland must now recover the illegal aid. Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, in charge of competition policy, said: "Member States cannot give tax benefits to selected companies – this is illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission's investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years. In fact, this selective treatment allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 per cent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 per cent in 2014." Following an in-depth state aid investigation launched in June 2014, the European Commission has concluded that two tax rulings issued by Ireland to Apple have substantially and artificially lowered the tax paid by Apple in Ireland since 1991. The rulings endorsed a way to establish the taxable profits for two Irish incorporated companies of the Apple group (Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe), which did not correspond to economic reality: almost all sales profits recorded by the two companies were internally attributed to a "head office". The Commission's assessment showed that these "head offices" existed only on paper and could not have generated such profits. These profits allocated to the "head offices" were not subject to tax in any country under specific provisions of the Irish tax law, which are no longer in force. As a result of the allocation method endorsed in the tax rulings, Apple only paid an effective corporate tax rate that declined from 1% in 2003 to 0.005% in 2014 on the profits of Apple Sales International. This selective tax treatment of Apple in Ireland is illegal under EU state aid rules, because it gives Apple a significant advantage over other businesses that are subject to the same national taxation rules. The Commission can order recovery of illegal state aid for a ten-year period preceding the Commission's first request for information in 2013. Ireland must now recover the unpaid taxes in Ireland from Apple for the years 2003 to 2014 of up to €13 billion, plus interest. In fact, the tax treatment in Ireland enabled Apple to avoid taxation on almost all profits generated by sales of Apple products in the entire EU Single Market. This is due to Apple's decision to record all sales in Ireland rather than in the countries where the products were sold. This structure is however outside the remit of EU state aid control. If other countries were to require Apple to pay more tax on profits of the two companies over the same period under their national taxation rules, this would reduce the amount to be recovered by Ireland. Apple's tax structure in Europe Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe are two Irish incorporated companies that are fully-owned by the Apple group, ultimately controlled by the US parent, Apple Inc. They hold the rights to use Apple's intellectual property to sell and manufacture Apple products outside North and South America under a so-called 'cost-sharing agreement' with Apple Inc. Under this agreement, Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe make yearly payments to Apple in the US to fund research and development efforts conducted on behalf of the Irish companies in the US. These payments amounted to about US$ 2 billion in 2011 and significantly increased in 2014. These expenses, mainly borne by Apple Sales International, contributed to fund more than half of all research efforts by the Apple group in the US to develop its intellectual property worldwide. These expenses are deducted from the profits recorded by Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe in Ireland each year, in line with applicable rules. The taxable profits of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe in Ireland are determined by a tax ruling granted by Ireland in 1991, which in 2007 was replaced by a similar second tax ruling. This tax ruling was terminated when Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe changed their structures in 2015. Apple Sales International Apple Sales International is responsible for buying Apple products from equipment manufacturers around the world and selling these products in Europe (as well as in the Middle East, Africa and India). Apple set up their sales operations in Europe in such a way that customers were contractually buying products from Apple Sales International in Ireland rather than from the shops that physically sold the products to customers. In this way Apple recorded all sales, and the profits stemming from these sales, directly in Ireland. The two tax rulings issued by Ireland concerned the internal allocation of these profits within Apple Sales International (rather than the wider set-up of Apple's sales operations in Europe). Specifically, they endorsed a split of the profits for tax purposes in Ireland: Under the agreed method, most profits were internally allocated away from Ireland to a "head office" within Apple Sales International. This "head office" was not based in any country and did not have any employees or own premises. Its activities consisted solely of occasional board meetings. Only a fraction of the profits of Apple Sales International were allocated to its Irish branch and subject to tax in Ireland. The remaining vast majority of profits were allocated to the "head office", where they remained untaxed. Therefore, only a small percentage of Apple Sales International's profits were taxed in Ireland, and the rest was taxed nowhere. In 2011, for example (according to figures released at US Senate public hearings), Apple Sales International recorded profits of US$ 22 billion (c.a. €16 billion[1]) but under the terms of the tax ruling only around €50 million were considered taxable in Ireland, leaving €15.95 billion of profits untaxed. As a result, Apple Sales International paid less than €10 million of corporate tax in Ireland in 2011 – an effective tax rate of about 0.05% on its overall annual profits. In subsequent years, Apple Sales International's recorded profits continued to increase but the profits considered taxable in Ireland under the terms of the tax ruling did not. Thus this effective tax rate decreased further to only 0.005% in 2014. Apple Operations Europe On the basis of the same two tax rulings from 1991 and 2007, Apple Operations Europe benefitted from a similar tax arrangement over the same period of time. The company was responsible for manufacturing certain lines of computers for the Apple group. The majority of the profits of this company were also allocated internally to its "head office" and not taxed anywhere. Commission assessment Tax rulings as such are perfectly legal. They are comfort letters issued by tax authorities to give a company clarity on how its corporate tax will be calculated or on the use of special tax provisions. The role of EU state aid control is to ensure Member States do not give selected companies a better tax treatment than others, via tax rulings or otherwise. More specifically, profits must be allocated between companies in a corporate group, and between different parts of the same company, in a way that reflects economic reality. This means that the allocation should be in line with arrangements that take place under commercial conditions between independent businesses (so-called "arm's length principle"). In particular, the Commission's state aid investigation concerned two consecutive tax rulings issued by Ireland, which endorsed a method to internally allocate profits within Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe,two Irish incorporated companies. It assessed whether this endorsed method to calculate the taxable profits of each company in Ireland gave Apple an undue advantage that is illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission's investigation has shown that the tax rulings issued by Ireland endorsed an artificial internal allocation of profits within Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, which has no factual or economic justification. As a result of the tax rulings, most sales profits of Apple Sales International were allocated to its "head office" when this "head office" had no operating capacity to handle and manage the distribution business, or any other substantive business for that matter. Only the Irish branch of Apple Sales International had the capacity to generate any income from trading, i.e. from the distribution of Apple products. Therefore, the sales profits of Apple Sales International should have been recorded with the Irish branch and taxed there. The "head office" did not have any employees or own premises. The only activities that can be associated with the "head offices" are limited decisions taken by its directors (many of which were at the same time working full-time as executives for Apple Inc.) on the distribution of dividends, administrative arrangements and cash management. These activities generated profits in terms of interest that, based on the Commission's assessment, are the only profits which can be attributed to the "head offices". Similarly, only the Irish branch of Apple Operations Europe had the capacity to generate any income from trading, i.e. from the production of certain lines of computers for the Apple group. Therefore, sales profits of Apple Operation Europe should have been recorded with the Irish branch and taxed there. On this basis, the Commission concluded that the tax rulings issued by Ireland endorsed an artificial allocation of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe's sales profits to their "head offices", where they were not taxed. As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules. This decision does not call into question Ireland's general tax system or its corporate tax rate. Furthermore, Apple's tax structure in Europe as such, and whether profits could have been recorded in the countries where the sales effectively took place, are not issues covered by EU state aid rules. If profits were recorded in other countries this could, however, affect the amount of recovery by Ireland (see more details below). The infographic is available in high resolution here. Recovery As a matter of principle, EU state aid rules require that incompatible state aid is recovered in order to remove the distortion of competition created by the aid. There are no fines under EU State aid rules and recovery does not penalise the company in question. It simply restores equal treatment with other companies. The Commission has set out in its decision the methodology to calculate the value of the undue competitive advantage enjoyed by Apple. In particular, Ireland must allocate to each branch all profits from sales previously indirectly allocated to the "head office" of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, respectively, and apply the normal corporation tax in Ireland on these re-allocated profits. The decision does not ask for the reallocation of any interest income of the two companies that can be associated with the activities of the "head office". The Commission can only order recovery of illegal state aid for a ten-year period preceding the Commission's first request for information in this matter, which dates back to 2013. Ireland must therefore recover from Apple the unpaid tax for the period since 2003, which amounts to up to €13 billion, plus interest. Around €50 million in unpaid taxes relate to the undue allocation of profits to the "head office" of Apple Operations Europe. The remainder results from the undue allocation of profits to the "head office" of Apple Sales International. The recovery period stops in 2014, as Apple changed its structure in Ireland as of 2015 and the ruling of 2007 no longer applies. The amount of unpaid taxes to be recovered by the Irish authorities would be reduced if other countries were to require Apple to pay more taxes on the profits recorded by Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe for this period. This could be the case if they consider, in view of the information revealed through the Commission’s investigation, that Apple's commercial risks, sales and other activities should have been recorded in their jurisdictions. This is because the taxable profits of Apple Sales International in Ireland would be reduced if profits were recorded and taxed in other countries instead of being recorded in Ireland. The amount of unpaid taxes to be recovered by the Irish authorities would also be reduced if the US authorities were to require Apple to pay larger amounts of money to their US parent company for this period to finance research and development efforts. These are conducted by Apple in the US on behalf of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, for which the two companies already make annual payments. Finally, all Commission decisions are subject to scrutiny by EU courts. If a Member State decides to appeal a Commission decision, it must still recover the illegal state aid but could, for example, place the recovered amount in an escrow account pending the outcome of the EU court procedures. Background Since June 2013, the Commission has been investigating the tax ruling practices of Member States. It extended this information inquiry to all Member States in December 2014. In October 2015, the Commission concluded that Luxembourg and the Netherlands had granted selective tax advantages to Fiat and Starbucks, respectively. In January 2016, the Commission concluded that selective tax advantages granted by Belgium to least 35 multinationals, mainly from the EU, under its "excess profit" tax scheme are illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission also has two ongoing in-depth investigations into concerns that tax rulings may give rise to state aid issues in Luxembourg, as regards Amazon and McDonald's. This Commission has pursued a far-reaching strategy towards fair taxation and greater transparency and we have recently seen major progress. Following our proposals on tax transparency of March 2015, Member States reached a political agreementalready in October 2015 on automatic exchange of information on tax rulings. This legislation will help to bring about a much greater degree of transparency and deter from using tax rulings as an instrument for tax abuse. In June 2015, we unveiled our Action Plan for fair and effective taxation: a series of initiatives which aims to make the corporate tax environment in the EU fairer and more efficient. Key actions included a framework to ensure effective taxation where profits are generated and a strategy to re-launch the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base for which a fresh proposal is expected later this year. The Commission launched a further package of initiatives to combat corporate tax avoidance within the EU and throughout the world on 27 January of this year. As a direct result, Member States have already agreed to tackle the most prevalent loopholes in national laws that allow tax avoidance to take place and to extend their automatic exchange of information to country-by-country reporting of tax-related financial information of multinationals. A proposal is also on the table to make some of this information public. All of our work rests on the simple principle that all companies, big and small, must pay tax where they make their profits. The non-confidential version of the decisions will be made available under the case number SA.38373 in the State aid register on the DG Competition website once any confidentiality issues have been resolved. The State Aid Weekly e-News lists new publications of State aid decisions on the internet and in the EU Official Journal. [1] Based on historical exchange rates © Scoop Media   Tweet         World Headlines WORLD > >   Russian Hack Job?: White House - Actions In Response To Russian Malicious Cyber Activity & Harassment President Obama authorized a number of actions in response to the Russian government’s aggressive harassment of U.S. officials and cyber operations aimed at the U.S. election in 2016. More>> Israel/Palestine: Michael Field - Background To How Israel Nearly Went To War With New Zealand New Zealand and Senegal managed to get the United Nations Security Council to pass resolution 2334 which said Israel’s settlements in Palestinian territory violate international law and undermine a two-state solution in Israel's conflict with Palestine. More>> ALSO: United Nations - Israeli, Palestinian Leaders Urged to Return to Negotiations Ramzy Baroud - Palestine 2017: Time to Bid Farewell to Washington Binoy Kampmark - Drama in UN Security Council: Israel’s Illegal Settlements BusinessDesk - No further sanctions planned for NZ, Israeli embassy says INSS Insight - Obama and Netanyahu Reward the Palestinians Tikkun - Why Security Council Resolution 2334 Matters a Lot More Palestine Human Rights Campaign NZ - UNSC Resolution 2334 Photo: UN Photo/Manuel Elias US Indigenous Affairs: How President Obama Has Protected Our Sacred Land I am very proud to be both Navajo and American. As the President of the Navajo Nation, I’ve dedicated my life to ensuring that, as a Navajo, my story -- and our stories -- are part of our collective American history. Today, I want to share one of those stories with you. More>> Binoy Kampmark: The Berlin Truck Attack And The Refugee Question The hard-nosed neo-cons were certainly showing little interest in linking arguments, examining evidence, or even considering elementary logic in the aftermath of the Berlin truck attack near the Gedächtniskirche. With the bodies fresh in the morgue, former US ambassador to the United Nations, John Bolton, peered into the mind of the everyday German, and found teeth chattering fear. More>> Demonetisation: Gordon Campbell On India’s Huge Socio-Economic Experiment Without much coverage at all in the West, India has just been engaged for the past few weeks in one of the world’s biggest socio-economic experiments since the Cultural Revolution in China. More>> Gordon Campbell: On The Death Of Fidel Castro New Zealand likes to think we played our part – via the 1981 Springbok tour – in bringing the apartheid regime in South Africa to an end… Jacob Zuma treated the death of Fidel Castro at the weekend as an occasion to pay a heartfelt tribute to the thousands of Cuban soldiers who travelled across the world to inflict the first significant military defeat on the forces of white supremacy. More>> ALSO: United Nations - UN Secretary-General on the death of Fidel Castro Julie Webb-Pullman - Fidel: Heart of Gold - By Julie Webb-Pullman Peter Isaac - NZ Witness: Castro saved Cuba from Coups, Counter Coups Gordon Campbell: On The US Election Home Stretch Once again at the business end of a US election, the result will hinge on the same old bits of geography as always: the Five Crucial Counties in Ohio, the Two Crucial Counties in Pennsylvania and the I-4 Interstate Corridor in Florida that runs from Tampa Bay through Orlando to Daytona Beach. More>> ALSO: Scoop World section - On the US Election Outcome BusinessDesk - NZ dollar gains as market bets on Clinton victory - While you were sleeping: Clinton seen leading Binoy Kampmark - Voting American Style Werewolf - Gordon Campbell on news from the US election eve - Gordon Campbell on the last rites for the TPP Meanwhile: Electoral Commission - Mt Roskill by-Election Candidates Announced NZ First - Not Standing in Mt Roskill by-Election People's Party - Candidate Says Exclusion From Debate Shows a Lack of Respect - NZ People's Party President nomination approved Not A Party - Not A Party (NAP) announces Mt. Roskill candidate Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter LATEST HEADLINES WORLD Panel backs US schools over ban on “offensive” slavery book 3:38 PM | UNHCHR App Store Shatters Records on New Year’s Day 3:21 PM | Apple OECD opens investigation into WWF in world first 3:17 PM | Survival International Sgt Elor Azaria convicted of the crime of occupation 05/01/17 | General Delegation of Palest... The soldier Azaria is a minor accomplice 05/01/17 | Gush Shalom Indonesia halts military cooperation with Australia 05/01/17 | Andrew Greene and Adam Har The future of coral reefs under climate change 05/01/17 | United Nations Environment Program... More   RSS   Pacific.Scoop Cafe Pacific PMC MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares mixed 05 Jan | admin Restaurant Brands settlement of Hawaiian deal dela... 05 Jan | admin NIWA Outlook: January – March 2017 05 Jan | admin Indonesia halts military cooperation with Australi... 04 Jan | admin The future of coral reefs under climate change 04 Jan | admin Ghana ratifies the Trade Facilitation Agreement 04 Jan | admin Descendants of Atafu gather in NZ to write their g... 03 Jan | admin More   RSS News Alerts Carry on Fidel Castroâs global legacy, says Cuba... | cafe pacific Media coverage of war atrocities opens debate on I... | cafe pacific Philippines presidentâs âhit manâ allegation... | cafe pacific The ânuclear freeâ Vanuatu girl with the encha... | cafe pacific âThat day I saw the power of media, and how it c... | cafe pacific UPNG students speak out - their own story, video o... | cafe pacific History repeats itself with tragic impact in Papua... | cafe pacific More   RSS News Alerts Merry Christmas and a Hepi Niu Yia 2017 from the P... | david GLOBAL: 2016 RSF round-up - 74 journalists killed ... | david WEST PAPUA: West Papua Media on innovative digital... | david TIMOR-LESTE: Brother seeks answers from Australia ... | david WEST PAPUA: Indonesia faces trying to be more ‘jou... | david GLOBAL: Arab Spring opened some media freedoms in ... | david GLOBAL: Disney’s Moana: First Pacific movie prince... | david More   RSS News Alerts   Gaza Gaza press conference urges action, support for prisoners’ struggle Condemning Israeli Settlement Expansion: UN Security Council Resolution 2334 and Secretary Kerry’s Speech PFLP Prison Branch: We will confront sanctions and isolation with unity and collective struggle ConSiences of Humanity UNSC Vote – Palestine’s options UNRWA condemns armed violence in Ein El-Hilweh The failed mass deportation of 1992 More   RSS News Alerts World Section Blogroll Oilprice.com Democracy Now Asia Times Raw Story Indymedia (Global) Google News Yahoo News Slashdot Guardian Newspaper The Independent Washington Post New York Times BBC News Al Jazeera The Huffington Post Council on Hemispheric Affairs Green Peace Survival International Other Links Powershop.co.nz: Electricity Supplier - Electricity Prices GPS tracking Property Management South Auckland Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring     Contact Newsagent Login World Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Fatal incident Teen killed in two-car crash near Ballarat Residents booted Wantirna South caravan park to make way for 200 townhouses pending council approval Strip tease Melbourne stripper Dallas is a dancer at heart ‘Wall of silence’ Stacey Tierney death probe to focus on out-of-hours activities at Dreams Gentlemen’s Club Firey dispute MFB accuses UFU of causing conflict, distrust among its members ‘Bit surreal’ Keno $1.5m Melton winner: Great grandmother wins on night out with dad On the road On the Road: Rainbow locals are just as colourful as their far west Victorian town’s name Disturbing act Victorian Jockey posts cruel video of stingray stabbed by knife Great Whites Westpac chopper snaps sharks off Victorian coast as beaches remain closed Pub fare Bendigo Pub owner removes part of patron’s meal after he complains about price Unexplained Melbourne’s iconic Greyhound Hotel gay bar closes for good Pooch playgrounds A guide to the best off-leash dog beaches in Victoria Flushable fiasco Barwon Water has a gripe over costly flushable wipes Road toll Two dead on Victorian roads within an hour Furry heroes Celebrating our Backyard ­Heroes 2017 calendar available for $2 Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Even dead people are declining to perform for Trump Yahoo accidentally reports Trump wants a ‘n*gger navy’ — and Black Twitter hilariously pounces Russia? I didn’t say anything about Russia’: Internet mocks Trump’s lunk-headed post-briefing statement Robert Reich has WTF moment after Jeffrey Lord suggests the intelligence community is ‘attacking’ Trump Pennsylvania senate staffer thinks ‘menstruation’ is too ‘graphic’ to talk about but OK to vote on N.J. aunt of Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting suspect: ‘He lost his mind’ in Iraq ‘Liberal Redneck’ says goodbye to Obama — a master at ‘pissing off sh*tty white people’ Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers the perfect response to Trump’s ‘Apprentice’ ratings taunts ‘Bullsh*t!’: Whoopi Goldberg slams ex-Fox host over Planned Parenthood defunding hypocrisy Obama says Sanders’ supporters helped undermine Obamacare Little-known rule could let US pressure Europe over Apple’s $14.5 billion in back taxes Reuters 31 Aug 2016 at 15:56 ET                    An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory U.S. tax law gives the Obama administration power to double tax rates for European companies should it choose to dramatically escalate a dispute with the European Union over Apple’s tax bill. Experts said the administration was unlikely to take such a drastic measure, and even if it did, courts might strike down that action because of treaties. Section 891 of the U.S. tax code, passed in 1934 but never used, allows the president to double tax rates for citizens and corporations of any country the administration considered was discriminating against U.S. companies. The U.S. Treasury on Wednesday declined to comment on whether Washington was considering such drastic measures, which Democratic and Republican lawmakers have proposed putting on the table due to what they see as overreach by the European Commission in a tax grab targeting American companies. The European Commission on Monday ordered the U.S. technology giant to pay up to $14.5 billion in back taxes to Ireland. “This is an option that is viable only in the minds of a handful of analysts who seem willing to put the entire global trade order at risk,” said Edward Kleinbard, a professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew has said the European Commission action appeared highly focused on U.S. companies but did not mention measures the United States might take. A Treasury spokesperson on Tuesday said the department would work with the EU to prevent erosion of tax bases. Legal scholars considered it highly unlikely Washington would take drastic measures against one of the country’s closest allies and biggest trading partners. “This is crazy talk,” said Daniel Shaviro, professor of tax law at New York University. Lawmakers including Republican Senator Orrin Hatch and Democratic Senator Ron Wyden have pressed the administration to consider implementing Section 891 over the European Commission moves to scrutinize how U.S. companies minimize their tax bills in Europe. Georgetown University law professor Itai Grinberg drew attention to the obscure tax code provision in January on the website taxnotes.com. The next month Grinberg appeared before a House of Representatives committee laying out the case for invoking Section 891. The Treasury’s Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Anne Wall, told lawmakers in a letter in March the department was reviewing the provision. It was unclear whether treaties with European countries since 1934 would supersede the provision if it were challenged in court. (Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by David Gregorio) Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the AuthorReuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in business, politics, technology, and more. Next on Raw Story > Pennsylvania senate staffer thinks ‘menstruation’ is too ‘graphic’ to talk about but OK to vote on By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories Pennsylvania senate staffer thinks ‘menstruation’ is too ‘graphic’ to talk about but OK to vote on Four ordered held without bail over Chicago torture shown on Facebook N.J. aunt of Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting suspect: ‘He lost his mind’ in Iraq WI Attorney General spent $10,000 on coins commemorating new motto: ‘Kicking ass every day’ Mike Pence says Trump will take aggressive action to combat cyber hacking News from idealmedia.com New Videos N.J. man charged after boy suffocates trying to escape feces-filled room ‘Stay down’: Shep Smith tries to calm man trapped in airport shooting with wife and mother-in-law ‘Liberal Redneck’ says goodbye to Obama — a master at ‘pissing off sh*tty white people’ ‘Bullsh*t!’: Whoopi Goldberg slams ex-Fox host over Planned Parenthood defunding hypocrisy Keith Olbermann pleads with Trump supporters: ‘His illness is putting your family at risk’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Irish cabinet meeting over EC's Apple ruling adjourned Source: Xinhua   2016-09-01 03:41:09 Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo DUBLIN, Aug. 31 (Xinhua) -- Irish cabinet meeting to discuss the decision of the European Commission (EC) on Apple was adjourned until Friday, according to a government statement on Wednesday. "The government meeting will resume on Friday to make a decision on the matter," the statement said. The statement also said the cabinet had a "thorough" discussion of the EC's decision with regard to Apple, based on a memorandum from Finance Minister Michael Noonan proposing that Ireland should lodge an appeal to that decision. It said the cabinet received a detailed briefing from Noonan, adding that the cabinet had an opportunity to examine the full text of the EC's decision, which is a "lengthy and complex" document. The statement said the cabinet was agreed to adjourn the meeting to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Office of the Attorney General. According to local media reports, at the cabinet meeting, several independent ministers of Prime Minister Enda Kenny's minority government asked for more time to study the EC's decision before deciding whether to back the appeal process. Thus, Kenny failed to win cabinet backing for an immediate move to launch an appeal through the Court of Justice of the European Union. On Tuesday, the EC ruled that Ireland granted undue tax benefits of up to 13 billion euros (14.5 billion U.S. dollars) to Apple, saying that "selective treatment" allowed Apple to pay tax rate of 1 percent on EU profits in 2003 down to 0.005 percent in 2014. The findings are a result of the culmination of a three-year investigation by Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager into tax arrangements for Apple, dating back 25 years. In a statement, the EC said the benefit is "illegal under EU state aid rules, because it allowed Apple to pay substantially less tax than other businesses. Ireland must now recover the illegal aid." In response to Tuesday's EC Apple tax ruling, Noonan said he "disagrees profoundly" with the EC's decision and will seek cabinet approval to appeal the decision. At the center of the Apple controversy are two of the company's subsidiaries, Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International. These firms were registered in Ireland. However, they were controlled in the United States where they held their board meetings. Revenue authorities taxed the companies on the basis of their activities in Ireland. However, the EC says both companies should have been taxed by Ireland on the basis of their worldwide income. Enditem Editor: yan Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Related News Back to Top Xinhuanet 首页 时政 国际 港澳 台湾 财经 法治 社会 纪检 体育 科技 军事 文娱 图片 视频 论坛 博客 微博 Irish cabinet meeting over EC's Apple ruling adjourned Source: Xinhua 2016-09-01 03:41:09 DUBLIN, Aug. 31 (Xinhua) -- Irish cabinet meeting to discuss the decision of the European Commission (EC) on Apple was adjourned until Friday, according to a government statement on Wednesday. "The government meeting will resume on Friday to make a decision on the matter," the statement said. The statement also said the cabinet had a "thorough" discussion of the EC's decision with regard to Apple, based on a memorandum from Finance Minister Michael Noonan proposing that Ireland should lodge an appeal to that decision. It said the cabinet received a detailed briefing from Noonan, adding that the cabinet had an opportunity to examine the full text of the EC's decision, which is a "lengthy and complex" document. The statement said the cabinet was agreed to adjourn the meeting to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Office of the Attorney General. According to local media reports, at the cabinet meeting, several independent ministers of Prime Minister Enda Kenny's minority government asked for more time to study the EC's decision before deciding whether to back the appeal process. Thus, Kenny failed to win cabinet backing for an immediate move to launch an appeal through the Court of Justice of the European Union. On Tuesday, the EC ruled that Ireland granted undue tax benefits of up to 13 billion euros (14.5 billion U.S. dollars) to Apple, saying that "selective treatment" allowed Apple to pay tax rate of 1 percent on EU profits in 2003 down to 0.005 percent in 2014. The findings are a result of the culmination of a three-year investigation by Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager into tax arrangements for Apple, dating back 25 years. In a statement, the EC said the benefit is "illegal under EU state aid rules, because it allowed Apple to pay substantially less tax than other businesses. Ireland must now recover the illegal aid." In response to Tuesday's EC Apple tax ruling, Noonan said he "disagrees profoundly" with the EC's decision and will seek cabinet approval to appeal the decision. At the center of the Apple controversy are two of the company's subsidiaries, Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International. These firms were registered in Ireland. However, they were controlled in the United States where they held their board meetings. Revenue authorities taxed the companies on the basis of their activities in Ireland. However, the EC says both companies should have been taxed by Ireland on the basis of their worldwide income. Enditem [Editor: huaxia] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2015 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved. 010020070750000000000000011105521356493041
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple TV Steve Jobs After Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO, he was still working on an Apple TV set A new story about a five-year-old conversation, via Walt Mossberg. by Peter Kafka Aug 31, 2016, 4:47pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Asa Mathat Steve Jobs stepped down as CEO of Apple five years ago, but he didn’t plan on leaving the company. Instead, Jobs was going to focus his energy on one very specific, secret project: Apple’s reinvention of TV — including the TV set itself. Walt Mossberg, Recode’s editor at large and an executive editor at The Verge, says Jobs called him on the night he announced he was formally handing over control of his company to Tim Cook, and told him about his TV ambitions. “I think we figured out a way to do it, and it’s going to be fantastic,” Jobs told Mossberg, and invited him to see what he was working on. But Jobs died less than two months later. And to this date Apple has only taken tentative steps into the TV industry. Instead of a set, it has focused on a peripheral set-top box. And while Apple has made repeated efforts to create its own TV service, it has been unable to get the deals it wants from TV programmers, and is instead letting other people figure out how to deliver TV programming, via apps. Apple also wants to create a new version of a TV guide. Now, Jobs’s interest in TV is only a historical footnote. But his intent, as conveyed to Mossberg, helps clear up conflicting reports about Apple’s TV ambitions. Jobs himself publicly downplayed Apple’s public TV efforts as a “hobby”; in 2010, Jobs told Mossberg and Kara Swisher that Apple couldn’t really get into TV because there was no “viable go-to-market strategy.” The same year, he reportedly said the same thing internally, adding that “TV is a terrible business. They don't turn over and the margins suck.” But in 2011, Jobs biographer Walter Isaacson famously wrote that Jobs was working on TVs late in his life, and that he thought he had “cracked it.” I’ve worked with Walt Mossberg for many years, but I’d never heard him talk about his TV conversation with Jobs before. Then last week, Mossberg wrote a Facebook post referring to a “secret project [Jobs] planned to continue to run” after he left his CEO job. I called him this week to get the full story. Here it is: Mossberg said Jobs called him on August 24, 2011, after Apple announced his resignation and while Mossberg was writing a story about Jobs’s legacy. “I’m writing this thing. And the phone rings. And it’s him,” Mossberg said. “I think he wanted to talk to me because he was feeling a little sentimental. And also because he wanted me to know that he wasn’t going away.” “He was going to still be involved. Their press release made some vague nod toward that. But he wanted me to know that he was going to be involved in big strategic things, and also that he was going to reserve one particular thing for himself.” “I said, ‘well, what’s that?’” “He said, ‘Well, it’s television ... I think we figured out a way to do it, and it’s going to be fantastic. I want you to come out, in a few months, and I want to show it to you.’” Jobs didn’t go into details about the hardware and the programming he wanted it to carry. But Mossberg believes he was talking about an integrated set, not a version of the set-top box Apple sells today. “He was really weak. Hearing nuances in speech was difficult. But he was really excited,” Mossberg said. “If you would have asked me five minutes after we hung up, I would have said he was going to reinvent the whole TV set. It would be Apple-esque, meaning it was high quality, and very easy to use. But he was thinking about more than hardware — that was clear, too.” recode_divider More From Recode CES 2017: We liveblogged all the news and updates from Las Vegas What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers Apple cut Tim Cook’s total pay 15 percent last year as it missed its sales and earnings goals Recode Daily: U.S. spy chiefs, countering Trump, say there’s no doubt about Russia’s election hacking Trending Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s secrets with all his employees, and almost none of it leaks How to turn Trump’s Twitter account against him in 10 seconds or less A former Snap employee is suing the company and claims it’s been lying about its growth The TV industry is facing a crisis and needs to immediately embrace new business models Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. The Latest CES 2017 CES 2017: We liveblogged all the news and updates from Las Vegas by Recode Staff The latest in drones, self-driving car tech, virtual reality goggles and more. Podcasts CES 2017 Too Embarrassed to Ask What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ And, more importantly, why was there a “smart hairbrush” there? Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Machines in the front, hominids in the back. Media Facebook Social Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers by Kurt Wagner Brown will take over Facebook’s News Partnerships team. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year August 31, 2016 AAPL: 106.10 0.10 Steve Jobs planned to continue to run a secret TV set project after stepping down as CEO Chance Miller - Aug. 31st 2016 2:32 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple TV Steve Jobs View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has long been rumored to be developing an actual TV set, but to this day the company has instead focused its efforts on the Apple TV set-top box. A new report from Recode, however, details how Steve Jobs believed Apple finally thought of the perfect way to create a TV set two months before his death. According to the report, Jobs called tech journalist Walt Mossberg on August 24th, 2011, just after it had been announced that Jobs would be resigning as CEO as is health continued to worsen. The call apparently started out with Jobs explaining to Mossberg that, even though he was resigning as CEO, he would still be involved with overall strategic ideas and would save one big task for himself: a television. “He was going to still be involved. Their press release made some vague nod toward that. But he wanted me to know that he was going to be involved in big strategic things, and also that he was going to reserve one particular thing for himself.” “I said, ‘well, what’s that?’” “He said, ‘Well, it’s television … I think we figured out a way to do it, and it’s going to be fantastic. I want you to come out, in a few months, and I want to show it to you.’” While Jobs didn’t go into details regarding his plans for the television, Mossberg explained that after the conversation he very much believed that Jobs and Apple were going to “reinvent the whole TV set,” not just with a set-top box either, but with an actual television. “It would be Apple-esque, meaning it was high quality, and very easy to use. But he was thinking about more than hardware — that was clear, too,” Mossberg explained of his phone call with Jobs. Apparently, Jobs told Mossberg that he wanted him to come to Cupertino to see what was being worked on, but before that could be arranged, Jobs passed away. This isn’t the first time we’ve heard of Jobs’s efforts concerning TV. Walter Isaacson, the author of the Steve Jobs biography, stated that Jobs believed he had “cracked” the code for building a TV. Since Jobs’s death, Apple has focused heavily on the Apple TV set-top box, releasing the third-gen minor refresh the March after his death. Since then, Apple has continued to build upon the set-top box idea rather than an actual TV set. While the company has also been rumored to be developing a web TV streaming bundle of TV channels, that effort ultimately was shelved due to unsuccessful negotiations with networks. What came of Jobs’s TV plans may never be known. It’s certainly possible that deep inside Apple, people are still hard at work on an actual TV set, but for now, the Apple TV is what we’ll settle for. Guides Apple TV View THe Guide Steve Jobs View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Mobile Phones Apple introduces 2TB iCloud storage plan for Rs. 1300 per month Apple introduces 2TB iCloud storage plan for Rs. 1300 per month Apart from the free 5GB iCloud storage that every Mac, iOS user gets, the new plan will allow Apple users to extend their iCloud storage to a massive 2 Terabytes. By Adamya SharmaAdamya Sharma Published Date 31 - Aug - 2016 | Last Updated 09 - Sep - 2016 Tweet   Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gold, 32 GB) 10999 Apple seems to be paving the way for the launch of its next flagship, the IPhone 7. The company has just introduced a new 2TB iCloud storage plan for iPhone users, at a price of Rs. 1300 per month. Previously, the iCloud storage options included - a 50GB plan for Rs. 65, a 200GB plan for Rs.190, and a 1TB plan at Rs. 650. All Mac and iOS users already get 5GB of iCloud storage free from Apple. While those on a lower iCloud storage plan can upgrade to the newer, pricier 2TB option, Apple also allows users to downgrade their storage plans. So, in case you upgrade to 2TB and later feel like you don’t need all that space, you can get back to a lower plan of your choice. Traditionally, Apple’s largest iCloud storage plan has always been eight times bigger than its highest capacity iPhone. Hence, the new 2TB iCloud storage plan also indicates that the company might be readying to launch a 256GB variant of the iPhone 7Where to buy 56399 56795 57222. Recent leaks also suggest a price point for the 256GB variant of the device. Furthermore, rumours suggest that the device may get a 32GB storage variant as well. The iPhone 7Where to buy 56399 56795 57222 is set to be unveiled by Apple on September 7. Meanwhile, click here to know everything we expect from Apple's latest flagship smarphone. Adamya Sharma  adamya.sharma@digit.in Adamya Sharma sits among boys all day long listening to geek talk and wondering what the hell is she doing with her life. Other Popular Deals Micromax Canvas Spark 3 8 Gb Rs. 3999 Buy Now Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9479 Buy Now LeEco Le 1s Eco (Gold, 32 GB) Rs. 9999 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best camera phones under Rs.... Best smartphones to buy under Rs. 7,000 in India right now 14 upcoming mobile phones you should expect in India in 2016 10 smartphone sequels to look forward to in 2015 Best smartphones under Rs. 15,000 with great battery backup 10 best smartphones between Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 20,000... 26 upcoming & latest smartphones to check-out Slimmest phones you can buy in India [November 2015] The best upgrade options for 10 classic smartphones Huawei P8: First Look Xiaomi Mi4i vs Asus Zenfone 2 (2GB): Quick Comparison LG G4: First Look Asus Zenfone 2 and Zenfone Selfie: In Pictures Sony's current & upcoming Xperia phones: An Overview Micromax Canvas Sliver 5: First Look Sony Xperia C4: First Look Coolpad Dazen X7 and Dazen 1: In pictures Here is a chance to be a rock star Developer ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals OnePlus 3 (Graphite, 64 GB) Rs. 0 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K5 (Gold, VoLTE... Rs. 6999 Buy Now Moto E3 Power (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 7999 Buy Now LeEco Le 1s Eco (Gold, 32 GB) Rs. 9999 Buy Now advertisements Recent News Samsung announces record Q4 earnings guidance with strong... Motorola announces Moto Collide hackathon for building Moto... Razer's Project Valerie is a 'Laptop' with triple 4K... Alcatel A3 XL with 6-inch display launched at CES 2017 BlackBerry 'Mercury' smartphone may not come to India:... Trending Stories BlackBerry reveals Android powered 'Mercury' smartphone at... CES 2017: Asus announces Tango-based ZenFone AR and ZenFone... BSNL's new Rs. 144 plan brings unlimited national calls and... Super Mario Run now available for pre-registration on... Apple to manufacture iPhones in Bengaluru starting April... Best Mobile Phones Latest mobile phones under 10000 Best Phones under 15000 10 Best Smartphones under Rs 20,000 Best Phones under 5000 Best Android Mobile Phones advertisements Resource Center Check out the Latest Leeco News and featured articles By Leeco advertisements Contests Digit DU Ad Challenge Participate and earn 100% Ad revenue!PARTICIPATE NOW Build More, Grow More, Sleep More Get deeply insightful resources on cloud database...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion WD My Passport Ultra 2TB External HD for Rs 6,696 on snapdeal Netgear R7000 AC1900 + WD 2TB MyCloud Storage or Apple Time Capsule 2TB BSNL Introduces New Promotional 8 Mbps Plan at Rs. 1091 and extend existing plan In Karnataka BSNL launches new unlimited broadband plan for Hyderabad. Introduces 1GB email account 2TB 2.5&quot; internal hard drive needed for upgarding laptop storage. Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Bla 13,999/- Buy Now HP Pavilion Core i5 6th G 56,490/- Buy Now Le 2 11,400/- Buy Now
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Lew: Apple’s tax fight could spur congressional action The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly $14.5 billion in back taxes plus interest Post to Facebook Lew: Apple’s tax fight could spur congressional action The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly $14.5 billion in back taxes plus interest  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2bRLV2j {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of Barack Obama U.S. missiles destroy radar sites on Yemen coast Obama’s fav sci-fi films include ‘2001,’ ‘Blade Runner’ Obama to campaign for Clinton, Ohio Dems Lew: Apple’s tax fight could spur congressional action Martin Crutsinger 5:54 p.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 United States Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew (Photo: Markus Schreiber / AP file photo) Washington — U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on Wednesday criticized a European ruling that Apple owes more than $14.5 billion in back taxes. But he said the decision may spur Congress to finally address the stalled effort to reform America’s corporate tax structure. Lew said that while the Obama administration has failed in its efforts to get tax reform through Congress, he believes the unhappiness expressed by both Democrats and Republicans following Europe’s announcement on Tuesday could push Congress to act. He said he is “hopeful that we will see action, probably not in my tenure, but early in the next administration.” The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes plus interest for what European authorities ruled were unpaid taxes accumulated over a decade that Apple owes Ireland. Both Apple and Ireland have said they plan to appeal the decision. Lew said that he saw Europe’s effort as “an attempt to reach in to the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed by the United States.” He said it also appeared to be the latest in a string of actions targeting big U.S. companies. “The pattern of actions certainly appears to be highly focused on U.S. firms,” Lew said. “The largest actions do appear to be aimed squarely at our tax base.” The decision sparked outrage in Congress with Sen. Charles Schumer, D-New York, calling it a “cheap money grab by the European Commission, targeting U.S. businesses and the U.S. tax base.” House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, called the action a “predatory and naked tax grab” which he said underscored the need for congressional action. Lew said that while the Obama administration has not succeeded in getting tax reform through Congress, it has made progress on the issue and “there is a growing bipartisan consensus on how to deal with tax reform in a way that will enable us to reach overseas income.” U.S.-based companies are taxed at a 35 percent corporate rate on their global profits, but they get tax credits for payments to foreign governments and they don’t pay the U.S. tax until they bring the money home. For that reason, U.S. companies have left an estimated $2 trillion in untaxed foreign profits overseas. Congress has been debating for years how to deal with this growing stockpile but disputes between Democrats and Republicans over how to overhaul corporate taxes has stalled action. Lew’s comments came in an appearance at the Brookings Institution where he previewed President Barack Obama’s goals at the Group of 20 major economic powers summit this weekend in Hangzhou, China. Lew said Obama will use his last G20 summit to urge other nations to do more to boost sluggish global growth while also addressing the needs of people who feel left behind by globalization. “As we work to achieve strong, sustainable and balanced growth, the G20 must also remain mindful of the need to redouble our focus on making sure the benefits of growth are broadly shared by all our citizens,” Lew said. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2bRLV2j TOP VIDEOS Ford reveals plans for 13 new electrified vehicles 4:53 Detroit family business into its fourth generation 1:26 Taxpayer-funded hockey arena guided by tax delinquents 2:46 Delphi V2X technology 0:44 Pistons return to Detroit 2:35 American Center for Mobility breaks ground at historic Willow Run plant 2:42 Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 Barack Obama U.S. missiles destroy radar sites on Yemen coast Lolita C. Baldor Obama’s fav sci-fi films include ‘2001,’ ‘Blade Runner’ Associated Press Obama to campaign for Clinton, Ohio Dems Josh Lederman Health system tapped for national study on disease Nicquel Terry Obama should sign an overtime rule extension Charles Owens DOT chief: Next president to formalize self-drive rules Keith Laing This story is part of Barack Obama U.S. missiles destroy radar sites on Yemen coast Obama’s fav sci-fi films include ‘2001,’ ‘Blade Runner’ Obama to campaign for Clinton, Ohio Dems
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The race to revolutionise cameraphones: Motorola reveals Hasselblad addon as Apple readies double lens iPhone Huwaei and LG already offer dual lens cameraphones  Apple is expected to unveil an iPhone 7 with a dual lens camera next week  By Associated Press Published: 17:44 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 18:52 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail 19 shares 9 View comments Apple isn't saying much about its next iPhones, but there's been plenty of speculation that the giant Plus model will have two camera lenses side by side on the back. Why? A second lens could make photos sharper or give amateur shutterbugs blurring techniques more common in full-bodied SLR cameras.  Apple isn't revealing anything until its product event in San Francisco next week.  For now, though, people can look at how a few other smartphone makers are using two lenses.  Scroll down for video  Motorola's Moto Z phone, with the Hasselblad True Zoom attachment, is viewed from the top side, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The orange camera shutter button is at right. Motorola's Moto Z phones get amazing zoom with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. Motorola unveiled its third Moto Z model and the attachment, called Hasselblad True Zoom Mod, at the IFA tech show in Berlin on Wednesday. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The eight foot aliens who live on 'Earth 2.0': Discovery of... Do you stay out late the night before a big meeting?... The Battle of Grays Hill: Site of bloody Revolutionary War... Now you never need leave your sofa: Bizarre self driving... Share this article Share 19 shares An accessory normally wouldn't count, but in this case, it's an integral part of the phone once you attach it with powerful magnets.  The Moto Z has a mix-and-match design that makes it possible to remove its back and replace it with a speaker, a projector or a zoom lens that offers 10-fold magnification — better than what many point-and-shoot cameras offer. Motorola's Moto Z phone, with the Hasselblad True Zoom attachment, is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone now beats stand-alone cameras in an important way: You can get zooming capability without sacrificing the ability to easily share images through the phone. You'd be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen.  That's just a software trick that leaves images fuzzy.  The camera lens itself is fixed; you need an attachment for true zoom. With it, a statue of Alexander Hamilton in New York's Central Park looks as sharp from afar as it would closer up.  By contrast, the same statue taken with the regular lens from afar looks dull. It's possible to make out a New York University logo on a bean-bag toss game board shot with the second lens from across the lawn; with the regular lens, it's just a blob of purple. This functionality will cost you, though.  Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizable market. The module alone will start at $250 when it comes out in mid-September, or at the high end of what point-and-shoots cost.  That's on top of $400 for the cheapest Moto Z.  Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizable market. The results are indeed remarkable, but not flawless.  It takes a second or so to focus and shoot, enough to miss a moving subject.  Faces can look distorted near the edges of the image, and the second lens doesn't do extreme close-ups, known as macros.  That's one thing stand-alone cameras still do better. And the attachment is about as heavy and bulky as a point and shoot. But the module gives you amazing zoom shots that you can easily share via the phone.  That's not a simple task with most cameras.  THE LG G5 - A DOUBLE LENS   The regular lens is what you'll want most of the time. The G5's second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one.  That's the difference between getting the entire Colosseum in Rome into a single shot, as opposed to just some of it.  At St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City, the wide angle gets you not just Michelangelo's dome but also the ornate columns holding it up. With most cameras, you're shooting as though you lack peripheral vision.  With a wide angle, the photo frame expands to almost match your real-life field of view. Wide angles aren't always desirable. If you're shooting an elephant in front of you, you want more of the elephant and less of its surroundings.  But wide angles are great when you're shooting a large landmark or a large group of people from close up. The G5's second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. As with other wide-angle lenses, though, LG's produces distortion around the edges of the image.  Think of how warped fisheye shots look.  Columns inside St. Peter's Basilica look curved rather than straight.  Distant objects look even farther away. The regular lens is what you'll want most of the time.  Of course, you can get something close to a wide-angle shot by installing apps or using built-in panorama features, but it takes time to pan across the landscape, rather than snap once.  That software approach also doesn't work for video. These April 13, 2016, photos show Trevi Fountain in Rome at night, taken with the LG G5 phone. The phone's regular lens captures the statue, top, while the wide-angle lens gets the whole fountain in the middle. These April 12, 2016, photos show St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, taken with the LG G5 phone. The wide-angle lens captures more of the scene, but the curved columns, bottom, show the limitations. At top is a view taken from the same position, but photographed with the camera phone's normal lens. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun) The Huawei P9 also offers a double lens. One lens captures images in color, the other in black and white, or monochrome. The dedicated lens produces sharper monochrome shots than you can get by letting software bleach out the color from an ordinary image.  Huawei's P9 mobile phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone features dual lenses: one lens captures images in color, the other in black-and-white. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Huawei says it also lets in more light. In practice, though, the differences are subtle.  Images of colorful street art in New York often look cleaner, with better contrast, using the monochrome lens than by running comparable color shots through a black-and-white software filter.  Huawei's P9 mobile phone is displayed, Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2016, in New York. The phone features dual lenses: one lens captures images in color, the other in black-and-white.  While this will matter to artists, it probably won't to most users, especially since people rarely take black-and-white shots anyway. But that monochrome lens promises to help color shots as well. By using sensors for the two lenses in conjunction, the phone can restore some of the detail and light lost to filters in the color sensor. The result is a camera that's among the top in the class — though recent iPhones and Samsung Galaxy phones do just as well or better with just the color lens. And despite promises of better lighting, the Galaxy S7 often produced better night shots than the P9. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background to highlight something in the foreground, mimicking an SLR technique done by adjusting the lens aperture. The P9 isn't available in the U.S. yet, but Huawei is taking a similar dual-lens approach with the just-announced Honor 8. Share or comment on this article e-mail 19 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (9) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Alarming 'doom spiral' animation reveals just how large the drop in global sea ice levels were in 2016 How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office... Samsung's profit jumps 50% despite Galaxy Note 7 exploding phone fiasco that cost it £2.4 BILLION It's a verified UFO! Chile releases footage of a mystery object flying towards a navy helicopter after... The incredible sparking soil on the MOON: NASA reveals solar storms can cause 'miniature lightning strikes' Is the Pope worried about hackers? Snap shows pontiff reading from an iPad with camera blocked by a sticker Hulu gives first glimpse of its $40 a month live TV service, and says it will launch within weeks We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  Are you an explorer, a visionary or a director when it comes to email? Researchers say our personality... Would YOU take it? Scientists discover breakthrough blood test that could 'predict how long people will... 92 BILLION videos were watched on Pornhub in 2016 - with Mississippi spending the longest time per visit and... Apple cut Tim Cook's salary by $1.5M for failing to meet sales targets (but don't worry, he still took home... A long way from home: Incredible image reveals the Earth and moon – as seen from 127 million miles away by... Mark your calendars! A dazzling supernova will appear in the sky in 2022, predict astronomers MORE HEADLINES Meet 'Prosthesis', the terrifying 14ft-tall 'anti-robot' that can carry a human and run over 20mph almost SILENTLY A zombie outbreak could come close to wiping out humanity in 100 days: Scientists reveal their tips to survive Look up tonight! Dazzling Northern Lights display could reach millions across the world this evening 'The Day After Tomorrow' could become a reality: Climate change could cause ocean currents to COLLAPSE plunging the Northern hemisphere into an ice age, warn scientists Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office bully Is civilisation heading for a COLLAPSE? Mathematical historian predicts political turmoil will peak in the 2020s America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Is this Samsung's Galaxy S8? Leaked photo reveals curved gold handset - and no home button  Iceberg the size of Delaware is 'hanging by a thread' in Antarctica  - and it could lead to a 10cm rise in global sea levels Does this ham look blurry to you? Bizarre shopping snap becomes first optical illusion meme of 2017 The stunning sunset maps of the world: Incredible images reveal hills and mountains around the globe shrouded in shadows just before sunset on a summer solstice Is this the love-child of a pharaoh? Egyptian mummy thought to be a dead bird turns out to be a miscarried baby The ultimate laptop? Razer unveils Project Valerie machine with THREE giant 17 inch screens that fold out LG reveals 'wallpaper' TV just 2.6mm thin and so light it can be hung on the wall with MAGNETS MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over 'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim 5.2k comments 6 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading US accuses EU of grabbing tax revenues with Apple decision  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Donald Trump China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case South China Sea Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing Hongcouver Occupy Central Hong Kong bookseller disappearances Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Apple Apple US accuses EU of grabbing tax revenues with Apple decision Row over EU tax decision against Apple sharpens PUBLISHED : Thursday, 01 September, 2016, 4:52am UPDATED : Thursday, 01 September, 2016, 4:52am Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Related Articles Asia Buzz Milf jailbreak in Philippines, Apple’s block on New York Times 6 Jan 2017 Leaders & Founders New York Times app removed in Apple’s iTunes store in China 5 Jan 2017 Enterprises Legal war flares up between Nokia and Apple over patents 22 Dec 2016 The United States has accused the European Union of grabbing revenue intended for US coffers when it ordered Apple Inc to pay up to US$14.5 billion in back taxes, a decision that could cause friction at an international summit in China next week. The EU executive this week retroactively scrapped a tax deal Apple had with Ireland, arguing the technology giant was effectively paying a tax rate of a fraction of 1 per cent on its profits. “I have been concerned that it reflected an attempt to reach into the US tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States,” US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on Wednesday at an event to discuss Washington’s position ahead of a meeting of the Group of 20 industrial nations in China next week. The Apple row is the latest spat between Brussels and Washington over company regulation. Earlier this month, the Treasury issued a detailed legal argument that the EU Commission’s approach went against European laws. Lew said making Apple pay higher taxes in Ireland could let the company deduct those payments from what it owes to the United States, reducing US tax revenues. The European Commission rulings appeared to be highly focused on U.S. companies, Lew said. “We think that it undermines the environment in Europe for international business because it creates uncertainty that ultimately will not be good for the European economy,” Lew said at an event hosted by the Brookings Institution in Washington. EU slaps Apple with record €13b tax bill it must pay to Ireland For now, other US companies under scrutiny for their EU tax arrangements are staying in the background as Lew, Apple and certain industry trade groups lead the charge against the European Union action. Online retailer Amazon.com, for example, declined to comment on an EU investigation of the tax treatment of royalties paid by a Luxembourg unit. In the past, Amazon has said that it received no special treatment. However, a trade group representing US technology companies said it is concerned the European Union will hit other firms with retroactive penalties. “It appears ... they’ve invited folks to come forward and try and claim a piece of this settlement,” said Jennifer McCloskey, director of government affairs at the Information Technology Industry Council, a business group representing more than 60 global companies, including Apple. The EU has ordered coffee chain Starbucks to pay more Dutch taxes while Amazon and restaurant group McDonald’s are still being investigated. Also, the EU has made a series of accusations that Google, part of Alphabet Inc, has abused its market power. Apple has said it will appeal the ruling, issued on Monday. Critics in the US Congress have denounced the move as a predatory money grab that would encroach on US government jurisdiction and ultimately add to the federal deficit. European officials, however, have suggested that US laws were encouraging companies to avoid taxes. Officials from the United States, the European Union and other G20 economies will meet in Hangzhou, China next week and were due to discuss how to clamp down on international tax avoidance. The G20 endorsed a package of measures last year to tackle corporate tax avoidance, but questions have remained about whether countries will follow through on the plans. The Obama administration so far has failed to convince a divided Congress to overhaul U.S. business tax laws, which feature above-average tax rates, encouraging companies to be taxed overseas. Lew said it appeared unlikely America would reform business tax laws before Obama’s term ends in January, but that progress could be made early in the next administration. The United States will hold a presidential election on Nov. 8.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Baidu’s AI bot upstaged by Google’s AlphaGo in square off against humans 2 India’s note ban: what Modi can really achieve 3 China’s US$3 trillion question 4 Hong Kong commercial property market set to cool 5 What’s hot and what’s not among China’s gadgets and apps Shared 1 Baidu’s AI bot upstaged by Google’s AlphaGo in square off against humans 2 India’s note ban: what Modi can really achieve 3 Why 2017 will be Asia’s year for artificial intelligence 4 Luxury brands pin hopes on the return of Chinese shoppers 5 Offshore yuan slides, shaking off strongest fixing in 11 years Commented 1 Lam makes ‘leadership pitch’ in Palace Museum row 2 Gunman kills five, wounds eight at Florida airport 3 ‘Mass indiscipline’ at Stanley Prison as inmates stage hunger strike 4 Japan recalls ambassador to South Korea over ‘comfort women’ statue 5 Trump insists ‘Mexico will pay us back’ for cost of his border wall Promotions Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Hong Kong Hong Kong a sanctuary for cockatoos on brink of extinction 4 Jan 2017 - 11:33pm 3 Smart-home gyms to overcome overindulgence In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Octopus looks to extend tentacles and stay competitive 4 Jan 2017 - 10:18pm 18 The 21st century experience: living within digital networks Brought to you by: InvestHK China Does China have a submarine signals network under Pacific? 4 Jan 2017 - 9:54am 21 China Drone footage of smog-hit Beijing’s traffic jams shock viewers 4 Jan 2017 - 12:20pm 18 Asia Trump's Indonesian business partner may run for president 2 Jan 2017 - 11:15pm 5 Hong Kong Singapore military vehicles still in Hong Kong, says customs 3 Jan 2017 - 10:29pm 9 Society Is Japan condescending to Chinese tourists? 1 Jan 2017 - 5:45pm 27 China Top China issues to watch in 2017 4 Jan 2017 - 12:34pm 3 China China navy confirms Liaoning aircraft carrier conducted drills in South China Sea Jan 3rd 2017, 6:30pm Asia Australia kicks off global new year party 1 Jan 2017 - 12:48am South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Note ban takes toll on terror; Pak counterfeit presses close, Kashmir violence dips 60% Five dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSIFinanceBankingTechMobileConstructionReal EstateEntertainmentMedia & EntMusicPublic PolicyGovernmentIndustrial Goods & ServicesElectricalsAutoAutomotiveMisc.Miscellaneous Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 06 Janmarket stats SENSEX 26,759-119.01 NIFTY 50 8,244-30.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 27,890-58.00 USD/INR 67.96-0.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple case highlights huge untaxed profits of corporate giants By AFP | Sep 01, 2016, 03.45 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Pfizer | Microsoft | Ireland | General Electric | Apple They say that the companies hold the money in no-tax or low-tax havens like Ireland to ensure it stays out of the reach of fiscal authorities. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Pfizer x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ WASHINGTON: The huge back-tax bill European authorities slapped on Apple has put a spotlight on $2.4 trillion in untaxed earnings parked offshore by US companies, a tempting target for governments seeking to strengthen their finances. While Washington lays claim to rights to tax the money, critics say it represents profits transferred out of other countries' jurisdictions by accounting tricks. They say that the companies hold the money in no-tax or low-tax havens like Ireland to ensure it stays out of the reach of fiscal authorities. But the companies, industrial and tech titans like Apple, Microsoft, General Electric and Pfizer, also say they are waiting for Washington to cut corporate tax rates to reasonable levels before they repatriate the funds. On Tuesday the European Commission ruled that Ireland's deep tax breaks for Apple were not allowed under EU rules and told the company to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes. The company said it would fight the bill, and the US Treasury accused EU authorities of breaking with international practice and assessing taxes retroactively. But the Treasury also made clear that the Washington believes it has the right to tax the cash hoards that US companies hold offshore, and that the European Commission was overextending. "It reflects an attempt to reach into the US tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said Wednesday. US tax law allows companies to retain earnings offshore with taxes put off until the money is repatriated, and the sum out there has climbed quickly over the past decade. According to a July report by Boston-based Audit Analytics, the top 1,000 US companies held $2.43 trillion in untaxed earnings offshore at the end of last year, double that of 2008 and up $130 billion since 2014. The companies say they want to see a lower US tax rate before the bring it back; currently the top rate is 35 percent. In 2004, Washington offered a tax holiday, cutting the rate on the repatriated funds to 5.25 percent, and attracted back some $300 billion. The goal was for the money to be invested in job-creating activities. But later studies showed most of the repatriated profits went to shareholders and corporate executives. "Unfortunately, there is no evidence that it increased US investment or jobs, and it cost taxpayers billions," assistant Treasury secretary Michael Mundaca wrote in 2011. Now the companies say they are ready to pay taxes on the money in the United States, just not at the current rate the US government would assess. "The US should reform its tax system," Jenifer McCloskey, director of government affairs at the Information Technology Industry Council, a powerful tech industry lobby, told AFP. "On paper that money is owed to the United States at a certain rate of taxation. We have been working for years now to try and find a way forward with tax reform that rationalizes our system." But with the piles of profits mounting offshore, tax activists say the companies are simply holding out for another tax holiday, and that the rules on taxation need to be reformed. "Apple has systematically organized its Irish affairs in a way designed solely for tax avoidance," said Matt Gardner of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. US regulators "should take a page from the European Commission's book and crack down on rampant corporate tax avoidance." Howard Gleckman of the Tax Policy Center said the Europeans are acting because the erosion of the global taxation system by multinational company activities has essentially gone too far. "Now the ground may be crumbling from under that system," he said after the Apple ruling. "By forcing member countries to collect taxes from those US-based firms ... the EU is trying to break the cycle of tax competition that has largely benefited those US multinationals. In effect, it is creating a new minimum tax for multinationals." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Invest a fraction of the property value & get monthly rents Property Share Baby Manvi needs your support to fight Cancer Milaap MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES The party destination to be at for New Year's eve: Mykonos IndiGo grows fleet size, announces 10 additional frequencies Infrastructure From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA VIRAL GALLERY 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION Own monthly rent generating property for as little as ₹5L Property Share Little Aadithyan needs your urgent help! Milaap German rail giant steps up 'Silk Road' freight line to China Ray IoT receives support from Johnson & Johnson Rahul Gandhi likely to celebrate New Year abroad Apple plans to make iPhones in Bengaluru from April READ MORE ON » Pfizer | Microsoft | Ireland | General Electric | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Akhilesh checkmates Mulayam, SP bank accounts frozen Will Modi's cash ban hurt India's economy? Read what GDP data says Note ban takes toll on terror; Pak counterfeit presses close, Kashmir violence dips 60% Blackmoney: India tweaks protocol to shed secrecy tag on info Jobs at stake as Narendra Modi considers strategic sales across India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Year-End Special 2016|UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Live: Currency Demonetisation|Gold Rate RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Apple case highlights huge untaxed profits of corporate giantsBy Paul Handley | AFP – Thu, Sep 1, 2016 3:18 AM AEST Related Content View Photo The European Commission has told tech giant Apple to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes The huge back-tax bill European authorities slapped on Apple has put a spotlight on $2.4 trillion in untaxed earnings parked offshore by US companies, a tempting target for governments seeking to strengthen their finances. While Washington lays claim to rights to tax the money, critics say it represents profits transferred out of other countries' jurisdictions by accounting tricks. They say that the companies hold the money in no-tax or low-tax havens like Ireland to ensure it stays out of the reach of fiscal authorities. But the companies, industrial and tech titans like Apple, Microsoft, General Electric and Pfizer, also say they are waiting for Washington to cut corporate tax rates to reasonable levels before they repatriate the funds. On Tuesday the European Commission ruled that Ireland's deep tax breaks for Apple were not allowed under EU rules and told the company to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes. The company said it would fight the bill, and the US Treasury accused EU authorities of breaking with international practice and assessing taxes retroactively. But the Treasury also made clear that the Washington believes it has the right to tax the cash hoards that US companies hold offshore, and that the European Commission was overextending. "It reflects an attempt to reach into the US tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said Wednesday. - $2.42 trillion offshore - US tax law allows companies to retain earnings offshore with taxes put off until the money is repatriated, and the sum out there has climbed quickly over the past decade. According to a July report by Boston-based Audit Analytics, the top 1,000 US companies held $2.43 trillion in untaxed earnings offshore at the end of last year, double that of 2008 and up $130 billion since 2014. The companies say they want to see a lower US tax rate before the bring it back; currently the top rate is 35 percent. In 2004, Washington offered a tax holiday, cutting the rate on the repatriated funds to 5.25 percent, and attracted back some $300 billion. The goal was for the money to be invested in job-creating activities. But later studies showed most of the repatriated profits went to shareholders and corporate executives. "Unfortunately, there is no evidence that it increased US investment or jobs, and it cost taxpayers billions," assistant Treasury secretary Michael Mundaca wrote in 2011. Now the companies say they are ready to pay taxes on the money in the United States, just not at the current rate the US government would assess. "The US should reform its tax system," Jenifer McCloskey, director of government affairs at the Information Technology Industry Council, a powerful tech industry lobby, told AFP. "On paper that money is owed to the United States at a certain rate of taxation. We have been working for years now to try and find a way forward with tax reform that rationalizes our system." But with the piles of profits mounting offshore, tax activists say the companies are simply holding out for another tax holiday, and that the rules on taxation need to be reformed. "Apple has systematically organized its Irish affairs in a way designed solely for tax avoidance," said Matt Gardner of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. US regulators "should take a page from the European Commission?s book and crack down on rampant corporate tax avoidance." Howard Gleckman of the Tax Policy Center said the Europeans are acting because the erosion of the global taxation system by multinational company activities has essentially gone too far. "Now the ground may be crumbling from under that system," he said after the Apple ruling. "By forcing member countries to collect taxes from those US-based firms ... the EU is trying to break the cycle of tax competition that has largely benefited those US multinationals. In effect, it is creating a new minimum tax for multinationals." Top Stories » Jamie Oliver to shut 6 UK restaurantsAAP Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver is shutting six of his 42 Jamie's Italian restaurants in Britain amid tough trading … Fiat avoids Trump wrath, but Mexico imports coming soonAFP Mexico slams 'threats' against investorsAFP VW near $2 bn US criminal settlement in 'dieselgate': reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Car Insurance Sussan Ley NBN Florida airport Interflora James Hird Interest rate Australia Mexico wall Australia energy Tilikum Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News If 1 lens on a phone camera is good, are 2 better? If 1 lens on a phone camera is good, are 2 better? Aug 31, 2016 Anick Jesdanun, The Associated Press   NEW YORK, N.Y. – Apple isn’t saying much about its next iPhones, but there’s been plenty of speculation that the giant Plus model will have two camera lenses side by side on the back. Why? A second lens could make photos sharper or give amateur shutterbugs blurring techniques more common in full-bodied SLR cameras. Apple isn’t revealing anything until its product event in San Francisco next week. For now, though, people can look at how a few other smartphone makers are using two lenses. ___ MOTOROLA MOTO Z The three Moto Z phones get amazing zoom with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. Motorola unveiled its third Moto Z model and the attachment, called Hasselblad True Zoom Mod, at the IFA tech show in Berlin on Wednesday. An accessory normally wouldn’t count, but in this case, it’s an integral part of the phone once you attach it with powerful magnets. The Moto Z has a mix-and-match design that makes it possible to remove its back and replace it with a speaker, a projector or a zoom lens that offers 10-fold magnification — better than what many point-and-shoot cameras offer. You’d be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen. That’s just a software trick that leaves images fuzzy. The camera lens itself is fixed; you need an attachment for true zoom. With it, a statue of Alexander Hamilton in New York’s Central Park looks as sharp from afar as it would closer up. By contrast, the same statue taken with the regular lens from afar looks dull. It’s possible to make out a New York University logo on a bean-bag toss game board shot with the second lens from across the lawn; with the regular lens, it’s just a blob of purple. This functionality will cost you, though. The module alone will start at $250 when it comes out in mid-September, or at the high end of what point-and-shoots cost. That’s on top of $400 for the cheapest Moto Z. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that’s a sizable market. The results are indeed remarkable, but not flawless. It takes a second or so to focus and shoot, enough to miss a moving subject. Faces can look distorted near the edges of the image, and the second lens doesn’t do extreme close-ups, known as macros. That’s one thing stand-alone cameras still do better. And the attachment is about as heavy and bulky as a point and shoot. But the module gives you amazing zoom shots that you can easily share via the phone. That’s not a simple task with most cameras. ___ LG G5 The G5’s second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. That’s the difference between getting the entire Colosseum in Rome into a single shot, as opposed to just some of it. At St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican City, the wide angle gets you not just Michelangelo’s dome but also the ornate columns holding it up. With most cameras, you’re shooting as though you lack peripheral vision. With a wide angle, the photo frame expands to almost match your real-life field of view. Wide angles aren’t always desirable. If you’re shooting an elephant in front of you, you want more of the elephant and less of its surroundings. But wide angles are great when you’re shooting a large landmark or a large group of people from close up. As with other wide-angle lenses, though, LG’s produces distortion around the edges of the image. Think of how warped fisheye shots look. Columns inside St. Peter’s Basilica look curved rather than straight. Distant objects look even farther away. The regular lens is what you’ll want most of the time. Of course, you can get something close to a wide-angle shot by installing apps or using built-in panorama features, but it takes time to pan across the landscape, rather than snap once. That software approach also doesn’t work for video. ___ HUAWEI P9 One lens captures images in colour, the other in black and white, or monochrome. The dedicated lens produces sharper monochrome shots than you can get by letting software bleach out the colour from an ordinary image. Huawei says it also lets in more light. In practice, though, the differences are subtle. Images of colorful street art in New York often look cleaner, with better contrast, using the monochrome lens than by running comparable colour shots through a black-and-white software filter. While this will matter to artists, it probably won’t to most users, especially since people rarely take black-and-white shots anyway. But that monochrome lens promises to help colour shots as well. By using sensors for the two lenses in conjunction, the phone can restore some of the detail and light lost to filters in the colour sensor. The result is a camera that’s among the top in the class — though recent iPhones and Samsung Galaxy phones do just as well or better with just the colour lens. And despite promises of better lighting, the Galaxy S7 often produced better night shots than the P9. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background to highlight something in the foreground, mimicking an SLR technique done by adjusting the lens aperture. The P9 isn’t available in the U.S. yet, but Huawei is taking a similar dual-lens approach with the just-announced Honor 8. shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
On Air: Mon - Fri 12-6:30am, Sat & Sun 12-7am Best of Newstalk The very best of today's programming Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions NEWS all Irish World Politics Technology Long Reads Motors NEWS Evening top 5: Cabinet fails to reach decision on Apple appeal; Donald Trump meets Mexican president The top stories of the day on Newstalk.com News 22:28 31 Aug 2016 Newstalk 22:28 Wednesday 31 August 2016 Cabinet to reconvene on Friday after failing to reach decision on Apple appeal The Cabinet has failed to reach a decision on appealing the Apple tax ruling during today's special meeting. Ministers will meet again on Friday morning.  In a statement, the Government said ministers had a 'thorough' discussion on the decision, and examined the full text of the European Commission ruling ordering Apple to pay €13 billion in back-taxes. Donald Trump tells Mexican president US 'reserves right' to build border wall Mexico President Enrique Pena Nieto and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump shake hands after a joint statement. Image: Dario Lopez-Mills / AP/Press Association Images Donald Trump has told Mexico's president the US "reserves the right" to build a wall along the border with its southern neighbour. In a joint press conference with President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City, Mr Trump defended his plan as a "sovereign right and mutually beneficial" to both Mexico and the US. In his first overseas visit as Republican presidential nominee, Mr Trump said his oft-stated vow to make Mexico pay for such a structure was not covered during their meeting. Michael O'Leary: 'Ireland should politely tell the EU to f*** off' Outspoken business chief Michael O'Leary has suggested that the Irish Government should be definitive in its rejection of the European Commission's ruling regarding Apple's tax payments in Ireland. "Frankly, the Irish Government should turn around - they shouldn't even appeal the decision - they should just write a letter to Europe and tell them politely to f**k off," he said. Robbie Keane gets the perfect send-off as his goal helps Ireland ease past Oman Ireland's Robbie Keane celebrates scoring his goal ©INPHO/Morgan Treacy Robbie Keane marked his final appearance for Ireland with a goal in a fitting ending to a golden international career. His 68th goal for the country came in the first half of a near-hour long cameo as other goals from Jon Walters (2) and Robbie Brady saw the Boys in Green cruise past Oman in the international friendly at the Aviva Stadium.  16 people hospitalised after emergency landing at Shannon Airport Three children are said to be among 16 people injured when a United Airlines plane made an emergency landing at Shannon Airport. They were on-board flight UA-880 from Houston in the US to Heathrow in London. The plane diverted to Shannon with a medical situation after it encountered severe turbulence. 22:28 31 Aug 2016 Newstalk 22:28 Wednesday 31 August 2016 most popular latest sport Ireland's MMA community demands more transparency from IMMAA Aer Lingus named as one of the world's safest airlines to fly with in 2017 Donegal footballer Odhran MacNiallais opts out for 2017 but is "not sure" about US move speculation Manchester City hit high notes as they soar past West Ham in the FA Cup site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Best of Newstalk × The very best of today's programming Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19963.80 0.32%   S&P 500 ▲ 2276.98 0.35%   Nasdaq ▲ 5521.06 0.60%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.420%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.70 -0.11%   Euro ▲ 1.0533 -0.70%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets How Samsung Weathered the Galaxy Note 7 Recall Theranos Slashes Staff, Voids More Test Results Facebook Hires Campbell Brown for News Role Personal Technology Amazon’s Alexa Is Everywhere White House Warns Against Chinese Investment in U.S. Chip Industry China’s Xiaomi Dismisses Fundraising Speculation Fitbit, Changing Pace, Launches Software at Hardware Show Apple Confirms South Korea Store Plans, Challenging Samsung at Home Apple’s App Store Sales Top $28 Billion Apple Pulls New York Times App From China Store Former Snap Worker Claims Company Falsified Metrics GoPro to Resume Sales of Its Karma Drone Defense Nominee Mattis Resigns From Theranos Board Amazon Brings Fire TV Experience to Third-Party TV Sets Intel Announces 5G Modem Chip Social Publisher Medium Cuts One-Third of Staff Lyft’s Ridership Reaches 52.6 Million in Fourth Quarter LG Electronics Plans New Smartphone Google Shifts Its Focus to India’s Small Businesses Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Personal Technology Siri Takes Charge of Your Apps in iOS 10 We used Apple’s voice-controlled assistant to send messages with LinkedIn and make mobile payments with Square Cash By Nathan Olivarez-Giles Nathan Olivarez-Giles The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyNathan Olivarez-Giles @nateog nateog Google+ Aug. 30, 2016 5:00 p.m. ET You’re going to have a lot more to talk about with Siri this fall. In iOS 10, Apple Inc.’s upcoming iPhone and iPad operating system, you’ll be able to control third-party app functions using the company’s voice-activated assistant for the first time. Among the first apps to yield to Siri are big names like WhatsApp, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Square Cash and Slack, along with lesser-known ones including Looklive and The Roll. I’ve... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Record-Setting Run Google's AlphaGo Secretly Sweeps China Best of CES 2017: Gadgets Galore CES 2017: In Search of the Future How Amazon's Alexa Won CES 2017 Most Popular Articles Five Dead, Eight Wounded at Fort Lauderdale Airport Opinion: Lessons From Obama’s Failure Trump’s Debts Are Widely Held on Wall Street The Wrong Way to Speak to Children Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps If one lens on a phone camera is good, are two better? Last updated 09:25, September 1 2016 With the Huawei P9, one lens captures images in colour, the other in black and white, or monochrome. Apple isn't saying much about its next iPhones, but there's been plenty of speculation that the giant Plus model will have two camera lenses side by side on the back. Why? A second lens could make photos sharper or give amateur shutterbugs blurring techniques more common in full-bodied SLR cameras. Apple isn't revealing anything until its product event in San Francisco next week. For now, though, people can look at how a few other smartphone makers are using two lenses. READ MORE: * LG unveils smartphone with dual camera, virtual-reality set * Which phone has the best camera? * iPhone 7 could have two cameras MOTOROLA MOTO Z The three Moto Z phones get amazing zoom with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. Motorola unveiled its third Moto Z model and the attachment, called Hasselblad True Zoom Mod, at the IFA tech show in Berlin on Thursday. An accessory normally wouldn't count, but in this case, it's an integral part of the phone once you attach it with powerful magnets. The Moto Z has a mix-and-match design that makes it possible to remove its back and replace it with a speaker, a projector or a zoom lens that offers 10-fold magnification - better than what many point-and-shoot cameras offer. You'd be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen. That's just a software trick that leaves images fuzzy. The camera lens itself is fixed; you need an attachment for true zoom. This functionality will cost you, though. The module alone will start at US$250 when it comes out in mid-September, or at the high end of what point-and-shoots cost. That's on top of US$400 for the cheapest Moto Z. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that's a sizeable market. The results are indeed remarkable, but not flawless. It takes a second or so to focus and shoot, enough to miss a moving subject. Faces can look distorted near the edges of the image, and the second lens doesn't do extreme close-ups, known as macros. That's one thing stand-alone cameras still do better. Ad Feedback And the attachment is about as heavy and bulky as a point and shoot. But the module gives you amazing zoom shots that you can easily share via the phone. That's not a simple task with most cameras. LG G5 The G5's second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. That's the difference between getting the entire Colosseum in Rome into a single shot, as opposed to just some of it.  With most cameras, you're shooting as though you lack peripheral vision. With a wide angle, the photo frame expands to almost match your real-life field of view. Wide angles aren't always desirable. If you're shooting an elephant in front of you, you want more of the elephant and less of its surroundings. But wide angles are great when you're shooting a large landmark or a large group of people from close up. As with other wide-angle lenses, though, LG's produces distortion around the edges of the image. Think of how warped fisheye shots look. Columns inside St Peter's Basilica look curved rather than straight. Distant objects look even farther away. The regular lens is what you'll want most of the time. Of course, you can get something close to a wide-angle shot by installing apps or using built-in panorama features, but it takes time to pan across the landscape, rather than snap once. That software approach also doesn't work for video. HUAWEI P9 One lens captures images in colour, the other in black and white, or monochrome. The dedicated lens produces sharper monochrome shots than you can get by letting software bleach out the colour from an ordinary image. Huawei says it also lets in more light. In practice, though, the differences are subtle. Images of colourful street art in New York often look cleaner, with better contrast, using the monochrome lens than by running comparable colour shots through a black-and-white software filter. While this will matter to artists, it probably won't to most users, especially since people rarely take black-and-white shots anyway. But that monochrome lens promises to help colour shots as well. By using sensors for the two lenses in conjunction, the phone can restore some of the detail and light lost to filters in the colour sensor. The result is a camera that's among the top in the class - though recent iPhones and Samsung Galaxy phones do just as well or better with just the colour lens. And despite promises of better lighting, the Galaxy S7 often produced better night shots than the P9. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background to highlight something in the foreground, mimicking an SLR technique done by adjusting the lens aperture.  - AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: Samsung releases new Gear S3 smartwatch Technology Homepage technology headlines Africa's next top programmer Norway's risky switch to digital Everything Samsung at Las Vegas Space scientist's world tour How dating works in 2017 New 'Star Trek' smartphone Watchdog eyes Steam refunds Car with a mind of its own Zuckerberg's 2017 personal challenge FaceTime blamed for fatal crash Fear not, droids won't kill jobs World's first Street View skydive McDonald's hungry for NZ tech Google app scans your photo memories Tech you can expect in 2017 Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented US airport shooter had gun in checked bag: Five dead, eight wounded at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years Man shot by police in Whanganui had violent history Jamie Oliver to shut six UK restaurants, blaming Brexit for making ingredients too expensive Woman's body found on beach near Opotiki Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died Waikato man slapped by rest-home caregiver dies after months living happily with family Morning trivia quiz: January 7 Phantom credits result of timing issue processing debit card transactions Missing boatie Alan Langdon estranged from close family The health reason behind why you need to wash new clothes before wearing them Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died Rolleston or Rangiora: Which is Christchurch's premier satellite town? Kimbal Musk â Elon's brother â just opened a shipping container farm compound in New York City 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years The 5 secrets behind Louise Parker's 'anti-diet diet' Sleeping Australian woman bitten repeatedly by funnel web spider What happens when narcissists become parents? How to use your treadmill for more than a boring walk or run New Zealand's greatest gifts: Mount Taranaki special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Indexed | Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2017 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Skip to main content Research Events Publications Commentary Store Support About Cato Blog Our Experts Our Centers Facebook Twitter Search form Search this site Cato At Liberty RSS Customize August 31, 2016 4:42PM European Commission Launches Shakedown of Apple, Asserts Low Taxes Are “State Aid” By Daniel J. Mitchell Share Tweet Like Submit Plus Working the world of public policy, I’m used to surreal moments. Such as the assertion that there are trillions of dollars of spending cuts in plans that actually increase spending. How do you have a debate with people who don’t understand math? Or the oft-repeated myth that the Reagan tax cuts for the rich starved the government of revenue. How can you have a rational discussion with people who don’t believe IRS data? And let’s not overlook my personal favorite, which is blaming so-called tax havens for the financial crisis, even though places such as the Cayman Islands had nothing to do with the Fed’s easy-money policy or with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac subsidies. These are all example of why my hair is turning gray. But I’ll soon have white hair based on having to deal with the new claim from European bureaucrats that countries are guilty of providing subsidies if they have low taxes for companies. I’m not joking. This is basically what’s behind the big tax fight between Apple, Ireland, and the European Commission. I did several TV interviews on the topic yesterday, all of which can be seen here, but the Wall Street Journal did a great job of summarizing the issue today. Let’s look at that editorial, starting with the European Commission’s galling decision to use anti-trust laws to justify the bizarre assertion that low taxes are akin to a business subsidy. Even by the usual Brussels standards of economic malpractice, Tuesday’s €13 billion ($14.5 billion) tax assault on Apple is something to behold. …Apple paid all the taxes it owed under existing tax laws around the world, which is why it hasn’t been subject to enforcement proceedings by revenue authorities. …Brussels now wants to use antitrust law to tell Ireland and other low-tax countries how to apply their own tax laws. …Brussels is deploying its antitrust gnomes to claim that taxes that are “too low” are an illegal subsidy under EU state-aid rules. This is amazing. A subsidy is when government officials use coercion to force taxpayers (or consumers) to pay more in order to line the pockets of a company or industry. The Export-Import Bank would be an example of this odious practice, as would ethanol handouts. Choosing to tax at a lower rate is not in this category. It’s a reduction in government coercion. That doesn’t necessarily mean we’re necessarily talking about good policy since there are plenty of preferential tax laws that should be wiped out as part of a shift to a simple and fair flat tax. I’m simply pointing out that lower taxes are not “state aid.” The WSJ also points out that it’s not uncommon for major companies to seek clarification rulings from tax authorities. Brussels points to correspondence between Irish tax officials and Apple executives to claim that Apple enjoyed favors not available to other companies, which would be tantamount to a subsidy. But all Apple received from Dublin, in 1991 and 2007, were letters confirming how the tax authorities would treat various transactions under the Irish laws that applied to everyone. If anyone in Brussels knew more about tax law, they’d realize such “comfort letters” are common practice around the world. Indeed, the IRS routinely approves “advance pricing agreements” with major American taxpayers. This doesn’t mean, by the way, that governments (the U.S., Ireland, or others) treat all transactions appropriately. But it does mean that Ireland isn’t doing something strange or radical. The editorial also makes the much-needed point that the Obama White House and Treasury Department are hardly in a position to grouse, particularly because of the demagoguery and rule-twisting that have been used to discourage corporate inversions. As for the U.S., the Treasury Department pushed back against these tax cases, which it rightly views as a protectionist threat to the rule of law. But it’s hard to believe that Brussels would have pulled this stunt if Treasury enjoyed the global respect it once did. President Obama and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew have also contributed to the antibusiness political mood by assailing American companies for moving to low-tax countries. Amen. It’s also worth noting that the Obama Administration has been supportive of the OECD’s BEPS initiative, which also is designed to increase corporate tax burdens and clearly will disadvantage US companies. A story from the Associated Press focuses on the European Commission’s real motive. The European Commission says…it should help protect countries from unfair tax competition. When one country’s tax policy hurts a neighbor’s revenues, that country should be able to protect its tax base. Wow, think about what this implies. We all recognize, as consumers, the benefits of having lots of restaurants competing for our business. Or several cell phone companies. Or lots of firms that make washing machines. Competition helps us by leading to lower prices, higher quality, and better service. And it also boosts the overall economy because of the pressure to utilize resources more efficiently and productively. So why, then, should the European Commission be working to protect governments from competition? Why is it bad for a country with low tax rates to attract jobs and investment from nations with high tax rates? The answer, needless to say, is that tax competition is a good thing. Ever since the Reagan and Thatcher tax cuts got the process started, there have been major global reductions in tax rates, both for households and businesses, as governments have competed with each other (sadly, the US has fallen way behind in the contest for good business taxation). Politicians understandably don’t like this liberalizing process, but the tax competition-induced drop in tax rates is one of the reason why the stagflation of the 1960s and 1970s was replaced by comparatively strong growth in the 1980s and 1990s. To conclude, it’s worth noting that Apple is just the tip of the iceberg. If the EC succeeds, many other American companies will be under the gun. And when politicians - either here or overseas - raise taxes on companies, never forget that they’re actually raising taxes on worker, consumers, and shareholders. P.S. Just in case you think the Obama Administration is sincere about defending Apple and other American companies, don’t forget that these are the folks who included a global corporate minimum tax scheme in the President’s most recent budget. Topics: International Economics, Development & Immigration, Tax and Budget Policy Tags: corporate income tax, corporate tax, european commission, Ireland, tax avoidance, tax competition, taxation This work by Cato Institute is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Topics Cato Publications Education and Child Policy Energy and Environment Finance, Banking & Monetary Policy Foreign Policy and National Security General Government and Politics Health Care & Welfare International Economics, Development & Immigration Law and Civil Liberties Political Philosophy Regulatory Studies Social Security Tax and Budget Policy Telecom, Internet & Information Policy Trade Policy Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 Show More Email Alerts Sign up to have Cato At Liberty posts delivered straight to your inbox! Read Cato At Liberty right on your Kindle. Sign up today! Subscribe Sign Up Receive periodic updates on Cato research, events, and publications. See our full list of email newsletters Also from Cato Internships and Student Programs DownsizingGovernment.org Libertarianism.org HumanProgress.org Cato Unbound PoliceMisconduct.net Freedom in the 50 States Overlawyered ElCato.org Alt-M Social Media Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Tumblr RSS Cato Institute 1000 Massachusetts Ave, NW Washington, DC 20001-5403 Phone (202) 842 0200 Contact Us Media Contact

DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19963.80 0.32%   S&P 500 ▲ 2276.98 0.35%   Nasdaq ▲ 5521.06 0.60%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.420%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.70 -0.11%   Euro ▲ 1.0533 -0.70%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets Volkswagen Near Settling U.S. Criminal Case Over Emissions Cheating In-Store Declines Drag Down Traditional Retailers How Samsung Weathered the Galaxy Note 7 Recall Retailers Face Multibillion-Dollar Earnings Hit Under GOP Tax Plan In Search of the Future at CES 2017 Some Malls Cracking Down on Teens Call Centers May Know a Surprising Amount About You Justice Department Probing Premium Assistance for Dialysis Patients Theranos Slashes Staff, Voids More Test Results Phyllis Sewell Proved an Accidental Role Model for Women Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business EU’s Tax Decision Invites More Scrutiny of Apple Ruling could lead to questions about tech giant’s finances, tax payments from national governments across Europe By Natalia Drozdiak Natalia Drozdiak The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyNatalia Drozdiak @nat_droz natalia.drozdiak@wsj.com Aug. 31, 2016 4:52 p.m. ET BRUSSELS—When the European Union’s antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager ruled this week that Apple Inc. owed billions of euros in alleged unpaid taxes, the decision created a financial and public relations problem for the technology giant. It also opened up a Pandora’s box of legal questions for Apple and other multinationals operating in Europe. Apple has said it would appeal the decision. The finance minister for Ireland, which the European Commission accused of violating the bloc’s rules against selective “state aid” by... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Record-Setting Run Google's AlphaGo Secretly Sweeps China Best of CES 2017: Gadgets Galore CES 2017: In Search of the Future How Amazon's Alexa Won CES 2017 Most Popular Articles Five Dead, Eight Wounded at Fort Lauderdale Airport Opinion: Lessons From Obama’s Failure Trump’s Debts Are Widely Held on Wall Street The Wrong Way to Speak to Children Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Created with Sketch. Watch Live     Now Playing Watch Listen TV Schedule Live submit al jazeera menu   submit NewsMore Middle East Africa Asia US & Canada Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East DocumentariesMore Featured Documentaries Witness Al Jazeera World 101 East People & Power Fault Lines Rebel Education Latin America Investigates REWIND All ShowsMore Inside Story The Stream The Listening Post Talk to Al Jazeera Counting the Cost UpFront earthrise Empire All Investigations Opinion MoreMore Features In Pictures Interactive Interactive Documentaries AJ Shorts Reporter's Notebook Podcasts Human Rights Sport Science & Technology Weather Now: Syria's Civil War Israeli–Palestinian conflict Rohingya India Guantanamo Bay Most Searched 160 | Share 352 Twitter 162 Facebook 45 Google+ 14 Email Home Inside Story Episodes Science & Technology Has Ireland given illegal tax incentives to Apple? The European Commission says the Irish government helped Apple artificially lower its tax bill for more than 20 years. 31 Aug 2016 21:12 GMT Science & Technology, Europe, Ireland, Apple, Tax In the biggest tax demand ever imposed by the European Union, the Irish government has been ordered to recover almost $15bn of unpaid taxes from Apple. The world's richest technology company has its headquarters in California, US, and its European base in Ireland. The European Commission says the Irish government granted illegal state aid by helping Apple artificially lower its tax bill for more than 20 years. Both parties deny tax evasion and are planning appeals. What does it all mean for doing business in the European Union? Presenter: Jane Dutton Guests: Conor McCabe - University College Dublin Tove Maria Ryding - European Network on Debt and Development. Liza Lovdahl-Gormsen - British Institute of International and Comparative Law. Source: Al Jazeera News Tell us what you think Related Apple posts first quarterly drop in revenue in 13 years Tech giant reports first quarterly drop in revenue in 13 years after selling 10 million fewer iPhones than last year. Science & Technology US court says Apple took part in price fixing A district court judge says Apple conspired with publishers to drive the price of e-books up and eliminate competition. Science & Technology, Business & Economy, US & Canada, South Korea, United States Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct or indirect liability. You hereby provide us with an irrevocable, unlimited, and global license for no consideration to use, reuse, delete or publish comments, in accordance with Community Rules & Guidelines and Terms and Conditions. MORE FROM AL JAZEERA A brief history of war and drugs: From Vikings to Nazis From World War II to Vietnam and Syria, drugs are often as much a part of conflict as bombs and bullets. Drugs, War & Conflict, Health For Uighur exiles, Kashmir is heaven A second and third generation of Uighurs far removed from their Chinese homeland find home in Jammu and Kashmir. Uighur, India, Xinjiang The Crusades: An Arab Perspective The dramatic story of the Crusades seen through Arab eyes. Dodging death in East Aleppo as a journalist A trapped American journalist describes what it's like reporting from besieged East Aleppo. Syria's Civil War, War & Conflict, Politics Related Apple posts first quarterly drop in revenue in 13 years Tech giant reports first quarterly drop in revenue in 13 years after selling 10 million fewer iPhones than last year. Science & Technology US court says Apple took part in price fixing A district court judge says Apple conspired with publishers to drive the price of e-books up and eliminate competition. Science & Technology, Business & Economy, US & Canada, South Korea, United States Latest News US intelligence: Putin sought to help Trump in election Intelligence report accuses Russian president of ordering a campaign to influence the 2016 US presidential election. Politics, US & Canada, United States, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Gunman kills five at Florida's Ft Lauderdale airport At least five dead and eight wounded in shooting attack at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. US & Canada Trending Five dead in shooting at Florida airport US intelligence: Putin sought to help Trump in election Erdogan offers citizenship to Syrian and Iraqi refugees Massive iceberg expected to crack off Antarctica Iranian soldier lauded after risking life to save dog Israel halts $6m to UN to protest UNSC settlements vote Deadly blast hits western Turkish city of Izmir French police called to school that gave Arabic classes Gambian army chief declares support for Yahya Jammeh Scientists link dementia risk to living near busy roads MUST-SEE PROGRAMMES 101 East China's Super Mums 101 East explores the tradition of confinement for new mothers in modern China and the growing industry behind it. Arts & Culture, Asia, China People & Power India: The Burning City We investigate how an underground fire that has been burning for 100 years has led to one of India's largest land grabs. India, Environment, Health REWIND Pakistan's War: On the Frontline A look back at Rageh Omaar's journey into the tribal heartlands to investigate Pakistan's role in the "war on terror". War & Conflict, Pakistan Inside Story How will Turkey deal with ISIL's domestic threat? Massacre at Istanbul nightclub claimed by armed group based abroad signifies growing security challenges in the country. Politics, War & Conflict, Middle East News Programmes Opinion About Investigations Contact Us Video Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Podcast YouTube SnapChat © 2016 Al Jazeera Media Network About About Us Press Office Awards Code of Ethics Terms and Conditions Community Guidelines Work for us Connect Contact Us Apps Social Channel Finder TV Schedule Podcasts Newsletter Our Channels AJ + AJ Arabic AJ Balkans AJ Turk AJ Mubasher AJ Documentary Our Network AJ Human Rights Center AJ Center for Studies AJ Forum AJ Training Center AJ Film Festival AJ Learning AJ Hotel Partners   © 2016 Al Jazeera Media Network
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung testing its smartwatches to work with Apple phones By Reuters Published: 17:13 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 17:13 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail By Harro Ten Wolde BERLIN, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics is gearing up to enable its watches to work with rival Apple Inc's mobile devices in a bid to reach a wider audience for its wearable accessories beyond its own phone users, an executive said on Wednesday. Richard Knight, Samsung's head of global product management, confirmed media reports in South Korea which said the company is running beta tests of the latest Samsung smartwatches to ensure compatibility with Apple iPhones. "We have a beta trial now in Korea," the Samsung executive told Reuters following the introduction of new smartwatches in Berlin. "It is completely open. It involves about 2,000 people. So we are making some real progress there." Knight offered no timeframe for when compatible products might be announced but said it was very much in the works. "It is absolutely our goal to make it compatible with iOS as well", he said, referring to Apple's operating system software for phones and tablets. "We don't want people who have an iOS device having a bad experience with our own devices." Samsung is the world's largest maker of mobile phones which run on Google Android software. Samsung's line of Gear smartwatches run on in-house-developed software known as Tinzen. The company held 22.8 percent of the mobile handset market in the second quarter, twice the share of Apple, the world's No.2 maker, according to research firm Strategy Analytics. (Additional reporting by Peter Maushagen in Berlin and Se Young Lee in Seoul; Writing by Eric Auchard in Frankfurt; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Pacifica moves closer to demolishing crumbling apartment complex Man who was pinned between BART train and platform in SF dies Comic book author suspected of putting child porn on YouTube 20 homeowners at Millennium Tower sue developer and San Francisco News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Raiders head into Wild Card game without Penn, too Source: 49ers are Josh McDaniels’ preferred team At season’s halfway point, Sharks looking (mostly) good Zaza Pachulia credits native Georgia for All-Star voting surge Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs The Dow, Yahoo Finance, and Trump all miss their targets Boston turns into hotbed for shoe companies State Farm still overcharging some customers, state says Bill would slap steep fines on self-driving cars without permits A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Monster’s’ beauty transcends its gloom The latest from Dear Abby Micky Awards: Expert panel of 1 picks the best in film Casting announced for ‘Hamilton’ national tour Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Best Bay bites under $50, according to Reddit Momo’s in Walnut Creek to open Feb. 13 New York Times review of Locol spurs reactions, conversations on Pizzeria en route for Noe Valley’s former Fattoush space Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 6th These three tricks could help you finally follow through on your Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Dec. 30, 2016 Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: Hotel rate wrong by $600 Rick Steves: Fierce castles in friendly North Wales Travel Troubleshooter: Expedia’s check is ‘in the mail’? Rick Steves: Solo trip doesn’t have to mean alone Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog An all-seasons ‘tiki room’ in the redwoods for $699K Newly built 4-bedroom shares Eureka Valley lot with cottage Stunning new construction, new listing in Ross hits the MLS at Redesign marries allure and function Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Stay motivated at work during the holidays Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Yesterday-outraged-by-Apple-s-tax-dodge-9195923.php Yesterday, outraged by Apple’s tax dodge. Today, by its tax bill New York Times Updated 4:11 pm, Wednesday, August 31, 2016 Photo: Niall Carson/PA Wire, TNS Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook in a file photo from Nov. 11, 2015. The European Commission has ordered Apple to pay back taxes to Ireland, which could reach the billions. (Niall Carson/PA Wire/Zuma Press/TNS) Apple CEO Tim Cook in a file photo from Nov. 11, 2015. The European Commission has ordered Apple to pay back taxes to Ireland, which could reach the billions. (Niall Carson/PA Wire/Zuma Press/TNS) Photo: Niall Carson/PA Wire, TNS Image 2 of 2 Michael Noonan is Ire land’s finance minister. Michael Noonan is Ire land’s finance minister. Photo: Aidan Crawley, Bloomberg Yesterday, outraged by Apple’s tax dodge. Today, by its tax bill 1 / 2 Back to Gallery WASHINGTON — U.S. lawmakers have for years been assailing companies for dodging taxes with overseas maneuvers. But now that the European Union has done something about it by trying to wrest back billions of dollars from Apple, those officials have offered a response viewed by many as rife with hypocrisy: collective outrage. Tax avoidance has become a lightning rod as the presidential campaign has taken on a strong populist cast, and leading Republicans and Democrats in Congress have demanded that companies pay their fair share. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have vowed to crack down on deals that allow companies to relocate their headquarters overseas to lower their tax bills, and the Treasury Department has made limiting international loopholes a priority. Despite all that, Apple — a company long accused of being overly creative at avoiding taxes — now has the federal government standing up for it after the European Union’s executive commission ordered Ireland on Tuesday to collect $14.5 billion in taxes from the Cupertino company. And for at least some U.S. politicians, the anger stems from a simple calculation: The tax money that the European Union extracts from Apple should be going to the U.S. Treasury, not that they have figured out how to make that happen. “It’s remarkable to think that the administration has been flying over to Brussels on taxpayers’ dollars to lobby the European Union against collecting taxes owed in Europe when they’re not collecting the taxes owed here,” said Clark Gascoigne, deputy director of the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency Coalition. “It’s terribly ironic.” Most lawmakers and business groups do not see it that way. They defended Apple by arguing that the European Union was overstepping its authority and reinterpreting international tax law to unfairly penalize the company. Some called it a new brand of protectionism. The Treasury Department said the ruling was “deeply troubling.” The Business Roundtable, a lobbying organization for America’s largest companies, called the move a “reckless and dramatic overreach” and an “act of aggression” against a company and a sovereign government. In Congress, lawmakers in both parties have urged the Treasury Department to be tougher on European officials as they aggressively investigate what they call undue tax benefits given by member nations to leading U.S. companies. Members of the Senate Finance Committee sent a letter in May to Jacob Lew, the Treasury secretary, urging him to consider retaliation that would include doubling taxes on companies and individuals in Europe. The European Commission “is using a theory to make tax law, is doing it in a way that is retroactive and that overrides national tax law authority, in our view,” Lew said Wednesday. He pushed back against the idea that Treasury is condoning tax evasion, saying legislation that prevents companies from parking income overseas to avoid being taxed in the United States “will see action probably not in my tenure but early in the next administration.” The European Commission’s ruling has even managed to forge a rare moment of agreement between House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who is likely to become the next leader of his party in the Senate. “This decision is awful,” Ryan said in a statement. “Slamming a company with a giant tax bill — years after the fact — sends exactly the wrong message to job creators on both sides of the Atlantic.” Schumer said in an interview that he and Ryan had been discussing possibilities for a corporate tax overhaul for next year. He said he was optimistic about the prospect of requiring corporate money to return to the United States at a lower tax rate, with some of the proceeds being used to fund a large investment in infrastructure. The action taken by the European Union, he said, should be an impetus to get moving on such legislation. “The European Union is going to grab this money, instead of the U.S.,” Schumer said. “It’s a big signpost here for us. Let’s get moving.” The bipartisan “consensus” that the corporate tax rate should be cut in exchange for loophole closures emerged in President Obama’s first term, yet Congress has not drafted a bill, much less voted on one. Tax experts said that without a deep cut in the tax rate, companies like Apple would be better off paying back taxes in Europe than repatriating their overseas cash. “This is not taking 13 billion euros out of the U.S. Treasury’s pocket and U.S. taxpayers’ pocket and putting it into Europe,” said Jeffery M. Kadet, a tax lecturer at the University of Washington School of Law. “They wouldn’t be bringing this money back to the U.S. anyway.” Reuven Avi-Yonah, who directs the international taxation program at the University of Michigan Law School, said that the European Union had a strong case for collecting the taxes from Apple and that if the situation were reversed, Americans would be clamoring to collect taxes from a foreign company. While most lawmakers condemned the treatment of Apple, one prominent former senator said he was pleased to see Europe take action. Carl Levin, D-Mich., who was chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations when it examined Apple’s use of tax havens in 2013, said the European Commission should fill the vacuum left by lackadaisical tax enforcement in the United States. “The royalties Apple collects for its overseas sales of products designed and developed in the U.S. should be taxed in the U.S.,” Levin said. “But Apple has avoided the billions of dollars of taxes it owes the U.S. by transferring its intellectual property to itself in Ireland.” Blaming Apple and the IRS, he added, “When Apple used those tax avoidance schemes, it is understandable that Europe would try to go after them.” Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. STORM WATCH Brunt of epic storms due to hit late Saturday Brunt of epic storms due to hit late Saturday Yosemite Valley to close in advance of menacing storm Brrr!! Chilly temps in Bay Area as massive storm nears NorCal on pace for 'wettest water year on record' State bracing for floods, chaos as massive storm rolls in Major flooding across Napa could make travel nearly impossible Flash flood watch for Pacifica Check the latest radar and forecast How to prepare for winter storms in Bay Area THE LATEST Pacifica closer to demolishing apartment complex 20 homeowners at Millennium Tower sue developer, SF Comic book author suspected of putting child porn on YouTube Video, DNA help cops nab suspect in sex attack of BART rider Man who was pinned between BART car, platform dies Brazilian woman prayed to Lord of Rings figure for years Cable glitch investigated as cause of BART meltdown Inaccurate Muni arrival time predictions to persist US veteran arrested in Fla. airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded Ft. Lauderdale airport gunman had weapon in checked bag Security tightened at Boston's Logan airport after Fla. attack Video shows the remarkable snow piling up in the Sierra Up to 7 feet of snow hits parts of the Sierra with more to come Twitterverse responds to BART delay with hilarity and rage BART systemwide meltdown after train gets stuck in West Oakland Trump trolls Schwarzenegger over 'Celebrity Apprentice' ratings Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back TODAY'S TOP PICKS Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Disney unveils every movie it will release in next 3 years SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $15 EACH: Jazz up your Mac with these designer keyboard covers $190 OFF: This focus-enhancing music service will help you do... Most Popular 1 US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded 2 Up to 5 attackers beat 61-year-old man to death in San Francisco 3 That cold you have might actually be the worst Bay Area flu... 4 Just how cold was it in the Bay Area last night? 5 Brunt of major storms due to hit late Saturday 6 Twitterverse responds to BART delay with hilarity and rage 7 Mom kicked out of first class over crying baby 8 BART systemwide meltdown after train gets stuck in West Oakland 9 State braces for floods, mudslides, chaos as giant storm rolls in 10 Folsom Lake rises 5 feet in 24 hours THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Review: Kanex GoPower Watch Portable Battery for Apple Watch | iLounge iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Twelve South announces ActionSleeve Armband… Kanex reveals GoPlay Sidekick wireless game… Incipio’s OX case adds headphone jack… PureGear introduces HomeKit-enabled PureSwitch ConnectSense expands HomeKit lineup with… Netatmo unveils Smart Smoke Alarm and Indoor… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 Choosing iPhone Flashlight Brightness DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: The 2017 iOS 10 Complete App… Daily Deal: Boombotix Boombot Bass Station Daily Deal: New Year’s Sale Daily Deal: Clip & Snap Smartphone Camera… Daily Deal: Disk Drill PRO 3 for Mac, Lifetime… Daily Deal: The 2016 13” MacBook Pro… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Review Review: Kanex GoPower Watch Portable Battery for Apple Watch A- Highly Recommended Learn How We Rate Products Company: Kanex Model: GoPower Watch Price: $100 Compatible: Apple Watch Share This Article: By Phil Dzikiy @phildzikiy ● Wednesday, August 31, 2016 Phil Dzikiy Kanex's GoPower Watch is a new portable battery designed for charging an Apple Watch. A simple product, GoPower Watch has a built-in magnetic charger and an available USB port, both of which take advantage of the 4000 mAh battery inside. Kanex claims GoPower Watch can charge an Apple Watch up to six times before the portable battery itself needs to be recharged. It's a welcome addition to a market still mostly devoid of portable Apple Watch charging options, though we were big fans of Zagg's Mobile Charging Station. Where Zagg’s Mobile Charging Station required an existing Apple Watch charging cable and Lightning cable to charge both devices, GoPower Watch is a standalone battery, using only a built-in charger for Apple Watch. It is possible to charge an iPhone at the same time, though, using the USB port on back of the battery. A micro-USB port is also located back there for recharging the battery itself — a cable comes with GoPower Watch. To start charging, simply hit the small button on the front of the battery — that button is also surrounded by an LED indicator, which informs users of how much battery power is left. If you’re only using GoPower Watch to charge an Apple Watch, you’ll get about six full recharges, which should be enough to get you through a week-long trip. At the very least, you shouldn’t have any reservations about using GoPower Watch as a weekend trip charger. Zagg’s Mobile Charging Station is still a more complete travel solution than GoPower Watch, but we can see why some users would prefer Kanex’s offering. GoPower Watch requires no cables to charge the Apple Watch, and just one Lightning cable for iPhone charging (though the 1A USB output speed doesn’t offer the fastest possible charging for iOS devices). Kanex’s compact battery also has a smaller footprint (3.07” x 3.22” x 1.25”) and unquestionably, a nicer look, with its soft-touch space gray-and-black exterior. Apple Watch users who are frequent travelers should take a close look at GoPower Watch. It’s a simple but thoughtful product which earns our high recommendation. Comments Nomad is going to send us a Pod Pro sample, so we'll take a look. Posted by Phil Dzikiy on 2016-09-01 09:11:59 Nomad Pod Pro is better than both Kanex and Zagg. It has a built-in lightning cord for charging iOS devices. You only need to provide Apple Watch cord. Also it is 6000 mah. Posted by bruintoo on 2016-08-31 19:14:11 Editors' Note: iLounge only reviews products in "final" form, but many companies now change their offerings - sometimes several times - after our reviews have been published. This iLounge article provides more information on this practice, known as revving. Related First Looks + Reviews iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone… Twelve South HiRise Duet for Apple Watch… Mophie Hold Force Magnetic Case System for… Nomad Pod Pro for iPhone and Apple Watch Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch… Defined Corp Dome Stand for Apple Watch and… Recent Accessory News Kanex reveals GoPlay Sidekick wireless game controller for iOS devices, Apple TV Incipio’s OX case adds headphone jack to iPhone 7, 7 Plus Apple giving away Beats Solo3 headphones with some purchases for Chinese New Year AirPods coming to Apple retail stores Monday Dec. 19 Apple reveals service pricing for lost AirPods, battery replacements Report: Apple’s BeatsX earphones could be delayed 2-3 months (Update: Coming in February) AirPods now available on Apple’s website, deliver by Dec. 21 (Update: Shipping slips to two weeks) Study finds half of kids headphones exceed safe volume limits Report: 99 percent of fake Apple chargers found to be unsafe Report: Fitbit to acquire Pebble Tim Cook allegedly tells customer AirPods to ship in ‘next few weeks’ Apple adds four new items to (PRODUCT)RED lineup, games get custom content for World AIDS Day Apple delays AirPods release Apple releases PowerBeats3 Wireless earphones Automatic releases new Automatic Lite version of car monitoring accessory Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH Daily Sabah > Business > Tech Close Turkey courts tech giant Apple investment post-EU tax ruling NEVDIL ŞAHIN ISTANBUL Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Following tech giant Apple Inc. being billed 13 billion euros in unpaid taxes in Ireland, Deputy Prime Minister Şimşek tweeted, inviting the company to Turkey's more investor-welcoming environment as a substitute to the EU's overwhelming bureaucracy Following tech giant Apple Inc. was billed 13 billion euros in unpaid taxes in Ireland, Deputy Prime Minister Şimşek tweeted, inviting the company to Turkey's more investor-welcoming environment as a substitute to the EU's overwhelming bureaucracy Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Şimşek has invited U.S. tech giant Apple Inc. to move its investments to Turkey in the aftermath of the company's tax crisis with EU authorities, pointing to Turkey's new investment reforms that alleviate foreign investors' burdens in the form of subsidies and taxes. "Apple should move to Turkey. Happy to provide more generous tax incentives. Won't have to deal with EU bureaucracy," Şimşek tweeted late Tuesday, drawing attention to Turkey's investor-friendly environment as opposed to the EU's often-criticized legal procedures and bureaucracy for being "overwhelming." The government has announced several economic subsidy packages to attract foreign investors. The country received $16.5 billion in foreign direct investment in 2015, which was an increase of 32 percent year-on-year. Regarding the incentives and procedures applied to foreign investors, speaking to Daily Sabah, Arda Ermut, the president of the Investment Support and Promotion Agency of Turkey (ISPAT), said "Turkey offers lucrative incentives for investors in both the manufacturing and services sectors as well as exclusive incentives for R&D and innovation activities. Apple can benefit from these incentives in many ways and would be treated equally with local investors." Turkey's FDI maestro also stressed that having one of the most liberal investment climates in the world, today Turkey is more open to foreign investment than many countries including the U.S., the U.K. and Switzerland. Ermut added that as the Investment Support and Promotion Agency, they would do their best to facilitate Apple's investments in Turkey. The EU commission recently ruled that Apple had received illegal tax benefits from Ireland, which were contrary to EU laws. "Member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies - this is illegal under EU state aid rules," Margrethe Vestager, the European competition commissioner, said. The commission billed Apple 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in unpaid taxes in Ireland on Tuesday. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook criticized the European Commission's decision, saying his company "received guidance from Irish tax authorities on how to comply correctly with Irish tax law." Both Ireland and Apple are appealing the decision. Moreover, the discussions over the tax issue between the U.S. and the EU have been growing. The United States is furious at the European Union for handing Apple Inc. a tax demand on Tuesday but EU officials say it was Washington which put them on to the scheme in the first place. It was a U.S. Senate report in May 2013 revealing the tech giant's deal with the Irish government to rule a big slice of its global earnings untaxable that prompted the European Commission to launch its own inquiries the following month. The U.S. Treasury said the Commission's order that Apple pay 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland - which the company and Dublin are appealing - endangers EU-U.S. economic relations just as efforts to reach a transatlantic free trade pact unravel. A senior Democratic senator said Brussels had made "a cheap money grab" for U.S. revenues. But his party colleague who chaired hearings into Apple's taxes three years ago, Carl Levin, said the Europeans were only trying to take what U.S. authorities had failed to claim by not closing loopholes that allowed firms to hoard profits overseas. "The IRS has failed to stake a claim for U.S. taxes on those revenues," he said in a statement, referring to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. "So Europe attempts to fill the vacuum. Shame on Apple for dodging U.S. taxes. Shame on the IRS for failing to challenge Apple's tax avoidance." For Marcel Fratzscher, president of leading German economic think-tank DIW Berlin and author of a new book on growing inequality, the mudslinging between politicians reflects how global corporations have exploited competition for investment to blunt states' efforts to co-operate against tax avoidance. "Companies are playing one government against another," he told Reuters. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a straight-talking Dane who dismisses talk of leading an anti-American crusade, says the hearings at the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations chaired by Levin were what gave her Spanish predecessor grounds to demand disclosure by Apple and Ireland. "The Commission listened and decided to look deeper into the matter," Vestager said in June, crediting media reporting and hearings in the British parliament for also providing evidence to help break secrecy around nearly 1,000 cases across Europe. The Commission said in its judgment on Apple that the United States and other countries were welcome to try and claim some of the unpaid taxes for themselves - highlighting just the complaints of Levin and other senators three years ago when they skewered Apple CEO Tim Cook for failing to bring cash home. As well as Apple, Starbucks Corp was ordered to pay more Dutch taxes and Amazon.com Inc. and McDonald's Corp are still being investigated; a series of EU accusations that Google, part of Alphabet Inc., has abused its market power have also fueled complaints from U.S. President Barack Obama's administration that Europe is out to punish American success. Competition lawyer Pierre Sabbadini said political pressures drove different responses by different authorities. Leaks and public hearings on tax deals had created pressure among voters for the EU to act in 2013, he said, while the size of the companies targeted gave them clout with political leaders, too. "When investigation-target companies have grown to the size of Apple, they can reach out for political support," he said. The Obama administration has taken its own action to curb tax avoidance schemes lately. In April, amid public controversy over drug company Pfizer Inc's proposed merger with Allergan Plc of Ireland, it announced plans to curb so-called "tax inversions", by which U.S. firms have undertaken cross-border mergers in order to switch to a domicile abroad and so avoid U.S. taxes. Pfizer abandoned the merger. CONTRIBUTED BY REUTERS Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Tech The EU ordered tech giant Apple to pay a record 13 billion euros ($14.5... Next in Tech The internet search giant plans to expand a ride-sharing service using... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Google to expand carpooling service using its Waze app Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile Mobile Apple adds 2TB iCloud tier for $20 a month By Sean P. Aune | August 31, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple has added a fourth iCloud storage tier to its service just ahead of the iPhone 7 announcement. Without any fanfare whatsoever, Apple quietly rolled out a fourth iCloud tier on Tuesday. The new 2TB plan is the company’s largest offering and will set you back $19.99 a month. The full offerings now break down in the U.S. as: 50GB – $.99 200GB – $2.99 1TB – $9.99 2TB – $19.99 This new level of storage has some intriguing timing as rumors have persisted of the iPhone 7 Plus offering up to 256GB of storage. With the iPhone 7 set to make its debut on Sept. 7, it makes sense that Apple could be starting to get its ducks in a row so that users will be able to take full advantage of their new handsets the day they are released later this month. While it’s easy to assume this could have a lot to do with a larger iPhone storage capacity, we also need to note that the upcoming OSX update, Sierra, will include automated upload of files stored on the desktop to your iCloud account and then making them available across your various devices. In theory this could end up being a lot more used storage space as people are sure to begin storing more and more files on their desktop. Will you be going for 2TB of iCloud storage? Topics #Apple #Apple #iCloud Sean P. Aune Follow Friend Follow Sean P. Aune has been a professional technology blogger since July 2007, but his love of tech dates back to at least 1976 when his parents bought him a small… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Handbook Cities more Trending Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ Critical Eye Richard Sapper's dark, alternate universe of tech design New, 1 comment What if Apple’s influential aesthetic were black and boxy, instead of cute, soft, and round? by Alexandra Lange Aug 31, 2016, 12:02pm EDT tweet share pin Rec Richard Sapper's IBM Thinkpad, introduced in 1992. Search the word "futuristic" on Curbed and, even without images, a certain look emerges. "Not a right angle in sight." "Swoopy." "Jetsons." When the pictures load, there’s an overwhelming whiteness to go with the curves and the assisted floatation, windows like aerodynamic diagrams, columns like Tulip chairs, highlights like an early-2000s logo redesign. It’s a future that owes a lot to Buckminster Fuller and Zaha Hadid, and a little to childhoods spent at Epcot, but is now synonymous with Apple, via the radius corners and metallic sheen of products great and small. Apple, under the meticulous design direction of Jonathan Ive, continues to dominate the collective imagination with a singular vision the tech’s future. The pinched end of my MacBook gives the visual illusion of levitating. My Apple monitor floats on its bent-aluminum stand. The corners of my overlarge iPhone draw no blood. Their collective uncolor stands in contrast to everything else in my house, and their material imparts a subtle sense of luxury. Thorstein Veblen wrote, over a century ago, about the handmade silver spoon, free of decoration, as a symbol of "inconspicuous consumption." The iPhone, as a luxury that seems to be everywhere, partakes of the same soothing, shiny uniformity. Only the maker knows what’s under the hood. A spread from Richard Sapper, Edited by Jonathan Olivares, courtesy of Phaidon. Contrast that with the ThinkPad T400—so many laptops ago—I just dug out of a drawer. I religiously recycle my electronics , but I couldn’t let this one go. It’s a museum piece. It is heavy, thick like an architecture monograph. I blow the dust off and its matte black surface is unmarred. I try to open it and I can’t: I’d forgotten the gesture, once second nature, of sliding my thumb across the catch. A tiny button catches on the soft pad of my thumb, and I press. It opens with a satisfying click. The cover releases to reveal a black screen and black keyboard, each key subtly highlighted by its rightside bevel. In the center, a red dot: the remains of the joystick, the so-called TrackPoint nub. There’s also an On button. It’s nice to see that again. Where my MacBook is homogenous and smooth, the ThinkPad was tough and clicky. Richard Sapper, who designed the original ThinkPad with Kaz Yamasaki in 1992, didn’t put in all of these physical elements because he was a bad designer. This is what he thought the future looked like. So why don’t we? I’m not the first to ask this question. In 2013, critic Justin McGuirk wrote, "In the 1970s and ’80s, the soul of product design was in the hands of two Germans. One was a minimalist who reduced products to seductive shells with their features rubbed smooth, and occasionally gave them nicknames like Snow White’s Coffin." That would be Dieter Rams. "The other, far from hiding the technical nature of these products, reveled in it." McGuirk saw Sapper as the Darth Vader to Rams’s Obi-Wan Kenobi. Rams’s work designing consumer products for Braun in the 1960s and 1970s is seen as the model for Ive at Apple, though the apprentice surpasses the master in public recognition. Since 2013, Apple’s tech style has only grown more ubiquitous and far-reaching, shrinking to fit the wrist and growing to subsume entire suburban blocks. The likely 2017 opening of Apple’s shining Cupertino donut—"not a right angle in sight" "swoopy" "perched" "Jetsons"—will be the apotheosis, perhaps the end of that particular future. When Los Angeles-based designer Jonathan Olivares first met Richard Sapper in 2008 in Milan, Sapper’s adopted home, he put it more bluntly: Why black? "I expected him to come back with a hardcore minimalist modernist objective," says Olivares who, like Sapper, has designed for Knoll. But Sapper said something different. "Black looks good in all kinds of interiors: old interiors, messy interiors, a clean modern interior. It ages really well. It doesn’t look dirty. You don’t see the seams. He told me, Next time, look at a white car and look at a black car. On a white car you see all the joints." Sapper told two different stories about the shape of the ThinkPad. One is that he was inspired by the cigar box, the other by the bento box. In either case, a deceptively dark, plain exterior opens to a world of flavor. The red nub is either a beautiful cigar wrapper or a nice piece of tuna. It’s such a practical explanation it takes a moment to sink in. It’s as if this product designer knew your life. Their conversations have now been collected in a book, Phaidon's "Richard Sapper, Edited by Jonathan Olivares," which charts the course of Sapper’s diverse career in a package the size, shape, and layout of my ThinkPad. An ad for Richard Sapper's Tizio lamps for Artemide (1972), a portrait of the designer at his home in Milan, and his tea and coffee service for Alessi (1982). All photos courtesy of Phaidon. Sapper and Olivares’s book begins with a series of photographs of Sapper’s homes by Ramak Fazel. They are not Instagram-ready. We see faded floral cushions on his own translucent Tosca stacking chairs (2007), spot his Tizio lamp (1972) in front of a wall of design books, his Alessi pots (1986) on a lazy Susan that’s in need of a fresh coat of paint. Sapper had a long career and, nota bene, not everything he made looks alike. "His physical environment wasn’t a temple," says Olivares. "They were messy, warm, humanistic spaces." His products were designed to get along with Oriental rugs, children’s toys, and tablecloths, not to banish everything that came before them. The past gave him ideas. "I was really keen on getting a photo of the chairs in his home," Olivares says. "He lifted the armrests from his grandfather’s wooden armchair and put them"—in plastic—"on the Sapper chair." Although the Tizio and the ThinkPad, plus the Plico beverage trolley (1976) and the Nena folding armchair (1984) all do look alike, sharing a color, a rectitude, and a surprising acrobatics, he tried color on a set of stackable, toylike children’s chairs, still made by Kartell, an Art Deco profile on a coffeepot and teakettle in stainless steel. There’s the hamburger-like Grillo phone (1965, with Marco Zanuso) and a kitchen timer that does one thing so perfectly it could be a Rams design. Sapper’s products were designed to get along with Oriental rugs, children’s toys, and tablecloths, not to banish everything that came before them. Sapper lived with multitudes and made multitudes, and his idea of the future didn’t involve getting rid of everything past, whether personal or visual. Technology, in his world, could co-exist with sentiment and age. To the end, he was still trying to invent a lamp for people who couldn’t hardwire to the ceiling above their tables. It was based on a fishing rod. That was the kind of "perching" that was of interest to him. As tech journalism often forgets, Jobs wasn’t the first to build a tech empire on design. IBM was. When Sapper arrived, IBM was in a state of disarray after the death, in 1977, of Eliot Noyes. Noyes, the company’s "curator of corporate character" from the late 1950s on, presided over the company’s graphics (led by Paul Rand) as well as products, art collecting, and architecture. While Noyes would drill down on specific new technologies, like the "golf ball" type element on the Selectric, as well as its curved form, he also took a broad view of trade dress. Noyes had the radical idea that everything didn’t need to look alike, as long as it had Rand’s Eye-Bee-M on it. The Selectric could look like a Henry Moore while the System 360, the company’s world-beating mainframe, could look like a city of Mies towers. Towers that revealed their workings through literal windows, circuits, and tubes picked out in colors like the ducts and wiring of a 1970s building. Laptops were too compressed to contain a window, but the red nub is a remnant of the same idea. Your hands should show you the way around the computer. The Paul Rand-designed logo for Steve Jobs's NeXT, Inc. Meanwhile, Eero Saarinen could build the company a curved, low-lying black research center in Yorktown Heights, NY, while Noyes built them an upright, punchcard-façade aerospace center in LA. Architectural consistency mattered less to IBM than Architectural consistency mattered less to IBM than freshness of approach.. This approach was adapted from Olivetti, a technology company that owned several of the world’s most spectacular tech showrooms, all made of different, unmachined materials. Sapper knew this tradition well, given his seat in Milan and collaborations with Zanuso, who designed buildings for Olivetti. The two worked together, in 1964, on a toadstool-like mini computer for Olivetti, as well as boxy radios and TV sets for Brionvega. Steve Jobs, too, knew all this. When he resigned from Apple in the mid-1980s and founded NeXT, Inc. he hired Rand to design the company logo, a black box with colorful letters inside it, in advance of the product. The workstation, designed by Frogdesign and nicknamed "the cube," was a black box. Jobs chose black—a color already integral to Sapper’s design approach, though he had yet to convince IBM to abandon beige—but he made it complicated, insisting on true right angles for the case (most manufactured corners are slightly eased) and an extra sanding to remove all marks from the manufacturing process. Rather than working from the inside out, Jobs insisted that the inside and the outside conform to his vision. He was also resolute about the closed system that still frustrates many about Apple products. Not only did the NeXT have no window into its inner workings, part of what doomed the NeXT devices were their lack of compatibility, even with themselves. Sapper designed (clockwise from top left) a television set for Brionvega with Marco Zanuso, a basic hairdryer in 1959, an award-winning table clock for Lorenzo Milano in 1960, and a tea kettle for Alessi in 1983. Photos courtesy of Richard Sapper. Noyes, then Sapper’s, design approaches were so different from that of Apple, where everything must go with everything. If the ThinkPad were a building, it might be like Saarinen’s IBM Yorktown, though I prefer Craig Ellwood’s Arts Center building in Pasadena as a direct analogy: low and dark and sleek, with circulation on display and an unfussy relationship to its site. It’s solid and workmanlike, while also being dramatic and a little bit macho. On the home front, Noyes’s own house in New Canaan seems like a reasonable analogue: it, too, is framed in dark steel and sits squarely on the ground, with hard edges and no floating. The fieldstone walls nod to the historic walls running through the Connecticut countryside. Noyes hacked his own version of the Tizio for the living room, embedding the Luxo lamps found in many a design office in blocks of concrete, the better to light the sofa. (Given time, he might also have experimented with fishing rods.) His domestic environment, like Sapper’s, was filled with family furniture, modernist icons, and items of sentimental value. Noyes’s home, which was considered noteworthy enough to appear in LIFE magazine in 1963, seemed futuristic in its own time. But it would probably not warrant such a spread today. For a recent lecture architect Fred Scharmen gave, he put together a list defining the qualities of yesteryear’s ideal "House of the Future." As he put it, "It’s like a meme before the fact." The Noyes House, as you might expect, scores poorly. 1. The House of the Future is always surrounded by cool vehicles (the more, the better) 2. The House of the Future always contains media gadgets (and is usually trying to sell them to you) 3. The House of the Future is usually suspended above the ground (for some reason) 4. The House of the Future is sub-urban (and has a hard time shaping public space) 5. The House of the Future is pre-fabricated, adaptable, and modular (but no one ever changes it) 6. The House of the Future is non-orthogonal (diagonal lines and radiused curves mean future) 7. The House of the Future is for the white heteronormative nuclear family of around 1960 (technology, materials, and aesthetics change fast, popular perception of "normal" changes slowly) Present day "futuristic" homes and offices score much better. Media gadgets, check; floating, check; suburban, check; non-orthogonal, check. While the Apple ring seems like an implacably closed system, adaptability is a watchword of the Google headquarters designed by BIG and Heatherwick Studio. In their renderings, the "cool vehicles" are bicycles, and the giant underground parking garages pioneered by the IBM generation of corporate headquarters is nowhere in sight. Richard Sapper’s Zoombike, from 2000, which maintains the proportions of "a normal bicycle, but [is] able to fold and unfold as easily and quickly as an umbrella through a press-button system." The black box wasn’t an end but a means, a simple frame or platform in which anything could happen. I’m not so sure our current "future" is family-friendly. The purge fantasies that dominate discussion now—Kondo-izing wardrobe, pantries, errands, even your gadgets—seem intended for the child-free, since dependents impact your ability to count (calories, minutes, steps, inboxes). "Futuristic" designs seem intended for one lifestyle only, after the experiment is over. What I find appealing about a Sapper-influenced future is the sense that we wouldn’t have to be so careful not to break, to spill, to let sentiment intrude or go over our daily calories. That future can be made of almost anything, can stack neatly and doesn’t require custom furniture to fit its curves. We might not need to waste energy on stairs, elevators, and ziplines to get us to our clifftops like James Bond villains. We wouldn’t have to figure out how to open a closed pod without tactile or visual cues. We would not be living up to our future, it would be working for us. Next Up In Home Tech CES 2017: Lego announces robot-making toolkit for kids CES 2017: Polaroid unveils compact new instant camera CES 2017: Kuri, a new AI assistant, wants to be your cute new robot butler CES 2017: Home tech trends to watch Architect designs smart nursing home controlled by the blink of an eye Facebook founder’s home assistant uses Morgan Freeman's voice Trending In Texas, a high-end housing community designed for doomsday Lightweight e-bike makes city commuting a breeze What city real estate markets can expect in 2017 ‘Mini Metros’ illustrates 220 subway and light rail systems from around the world Is the world ready for Frank Lloyd Wright’s suburban utopia? More in Trending Newsletter By signing up you agree to our terms of use. Send Curbed a tip This Article has a component height of 55. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Photography Traffic signals take on a sinister, beguiling light in new photo series by Lauren Ro@blauring The empty streets are visible just as far as the rays’ reach, exposing bare trees and minimal side-of-the-road landscaping. But beyond that? New, 0 comments 0 recs Real Estate Electric vehicles are new amenity at this Manhattan apartment building by Patrick Sisson A spinoff of the BMW ReachNow system, this new car share program might be the next green tenant perk. New, 0 comments 1 rec New York City Court finds bad street design liable in NYC crash by Alissa Walker The decision could change the way cities deploy safety improvements. New, 0 comments 0 recs Interior Design Renovations Powder pink hues create ‘ambiguous’ kitchen area in this apartment renovation by Lauren Ro@blauring Here’s an apartment renovation in Melbourne by local studio BoardGrove Architects that employs just the right amount of pink. New, 0 comments 0 recs Paris Is Paris losing residents because of Airbnb? by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett Between 2009 and 2014, about 13,000 people left the City of Lights and some Paris officials are placing blame on the short-term rental company. New, 0 comments 0 recs Architecture Colorful pavilion, once on exhibit, becomes schoolhouse for 600 kids in Kenya by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett The pavilion serves today as a schoolhouse for 600 kids in Nairobi, Kenya’s Kibera neighborhood—a massive improvised community of corrugated-metal houses. New, 0 comments 0 recs Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
NEW(S) UPDATES TRACKS MUSIC VIDEOS ALBUM STREAMS NETDUMP FEATURES LONGREADS UNCHARTED ESSENTIAL ALBUMS EXPOSURES PRIMER INTERVIEWS LISTS ZOOOSH by CHAD VANGAALEN CHART TV NOISEMAKERS BAND 2 BAND RAPID FIRE CONVERSATIONS CHRIS LOCKE’S HOT DLOGS LIVE FIRSTS ASK A BAND STAFF PICKS ALBUMS BEST OF THE MONTH MP3 ROUNDUP VIDEO ROUNDUP ABOUT CONTACT US UNCHARTED: 12 Canadian artists we’re excited for in 2017 All your favourite bands covered the Tragically Hip for Strombo’s Hip 30 tribute show The music trends of 2016 There’s a massive protest concert being organized to rival Trump’s inauguration 25 Best Canadian Songs of 2016 Watch this human cover a Christmas song written by a robot More songs were streamed on any given day of 2016 than downloaded for the entire year The music trends of 2016 Oh, you’re still here? Then here’s all the new music NEW(S) > UPDATES Frank Ocean has already made $1 million by ditching his label The independently released Apple exclusive Blonde stands to net the 28-year-old a hefty payout. Richard Trapunski - Aug 31, 2016 share tweet stumble reddit post pin it Tagged: Apple Music Chance The Rapper Frank Ocean Radiohead Frank Ocean took his sweet time putting out Blonde, but now that he finally has he's reaping the rewards. According to a new report by Forbes, Ocean's new album may have already netted him $1 million in profit in just one week. That's a significant number to be sure, but even more significant is how he did it: by manoeuvring out of his major label contract and putting the album out independently. The R&B star dropped the visual album Endless just a few days before putting out Blonde, which fulfilled his contract with Universal Music Group subsidiary Def Jam and cleared the way for him to put it out himself as an Apple Music exclusive. The move angered Universal CEO Lucian Grainge so much he reportedly banned streaming exclusives altogether. RELATED Is this the end for exclusive streams? And now we can see why. Forbes crunched the numbers and found that, given the 276,000 equivalent album units since its release last Saturday, Frank Ocean should be pocketing $1 million vs. the $550,000 he would have made had it been released through Def Jam (actually significantly less, since he would have to pay back the advance from his label). Whereas most artists who are signed to a major label earn between $1.50 and $2 per album sale, Ocean stands to make between $5 to $7.50 per album. Apple takes a quarter of that while taking on marketing costs, while Frank Ocean's Boys Don't Cry label shouldered an estimated $500,000 on making the album. Suffice it to say, his payday is bigger than it would have been than if he had done it with his major. This obviously doesn't look good for major labels, who could now be filled with rosters of artists who've seen Frank Ocean's number one album and said "hmm, maybe I could do that." Of course, you could also say Blonde benefited from the support and marketing of Def Jam anyway — it took a few days for most people to even realize it was independent. Even without the bait and switch, artists like Chance The Rapper or Radiohead enjoy large enough profiles to go out on their own, but the same path isn't necessarily available to some baby band or struggle rapper on the come-up. It's also more grist for the "streaming services are basically record labels now" camp. If you can stand to make a bigger splash releasing independently through an exclusive stream with Apple and then use the exposure to tour, why wouldn't you? That is, if the option is still available. Discuss this on Facebook and Twitter This open letter challenges CNE to book more female musicians This is the most expensive album ever sold at auction Tweet Share on Tumblr Tagged: Apple Music Chance The Rapper Frank Ocean Radiohead Chart Attack is dedicated to sharing great music and getting to know the people who make it. Especially lazy? Join our weekly email list and we'll send you the highlights. Popular Stories All your favourite bands covered the Tragically Hip for Strombo’s Hip 30 tribute show It’s okay if Kendrick Lamar forgets all the words because he can just do this The Let’s All Just Forget 2016 New Year’s playlist PREMIERE: Introducing Sweet Dave & The Shallow Graves, your new favourite garage ghoul UNCHARTED: 12 Canadian artists we’re excited for in 2017 CHART TV RAPID FIRE: AURORA tells us what she wants to change in the world Band 2 Band: GROUPLOVE have a friendship breakthrough JAIN performs “Makeba” and explains why music is her medicine Somos performs acoustic versions of “Bitter Medicine” and “Problem Child” live at Chart HQ Related Posts UPDATES These are the most popular band names on Bandcamp right now Jan 5, 2017 2016 IN REVIEW The music trends of 2016 Dec 29, 2016 UPDATES There’s one Sam The Record Man left and it’s petitioning to become a tourist attraction Jan 6, 2017 UPDATES This band is donating all its Coachella money to LGBT youth and climate advocacy groups Jan 5, 2017 UPDATES More songs were streamed on any given day of 2016 than downloaded for the entire year Jan 3, 2017 TRACKS Oh, you’re still here? Then here’s all the new music Dec 22, 2016 Terms & Services Privacy Policy About Us © Copyright andPOP Inc Keeping up is just a click away. Follow @chartattack Don't show this again NEW(S) UPDATES TRACKS MUSIC VIDEOS ALBUM STREAMS NETDUMP FEATURES LONGREADS UNCHARTED ESSENTIAL ALBUMS EXPOSURES PRIMER INTERVIEWS LISTS ZOOOSH by CHAD VANGAALEN CHART TV NOISEMAKERS BAND 2 BAND RAPID FIRE CONVERSATIONS CHRIS LOCKE’S HOT DLOGS LIVE FIRSTS ASK A BAND STAFF PICKS ALBUMS BEST OF THE MONTH MP3 ROUNDUP VIDEO ROUNDUP ABOUT CONTACT US
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Opinion: Why Lightning headphones is a bad idea Opinion: Why Lightning headphones is a bad idea August 31, 2016 Peter Cao 1 Comment With less than a week before the iPhone 7 unveiling, and potentially the death of the headphone jack, there are a few things that could potentially go wrong with the move. Recent reports indicate Apple will be launching the iPhone 7 with Lightning EarPods, but, also include a 3.5mm to Lightning adapter in the box. This is flawed. Not only is it morally incorrect, as having Lighting EarPods means you’d need an adapter to connect to anything that doesn’t have a Lightning port, thus requiring to purchase an adapter, but it also means the adapter included in the box cannot be used with the bundled EarPods. If anything, it would make more sense for Apple to include the standard EarPods with a Lighting to 3.5mm adapter in the box. Though, neither of these options make any real sense. As an audiophile, one would think removing the 3.5mm headphone jack from the iPhone upsets me. It doesn’t. I’m actually looking forward to the death of it because it’d mean we’re finally moving to a digital input for audio. Similar to the move from VGA/DVI to HDMI/DIsplayPort. While the 3.5/2.5/quarter-inch terminators have been around for centuries, it’s time to go digital. With a digital connector such as Lightning, headphones are now able to build in a DAC (digital to audio converter) or amp (amplifier) into either the headphone or cable itself, rather than relying on the device. It would also open up the gate to equalization on the hardware level, and some Lightning headphones already do this. On headphones such as the Audeze SINE, or Audeze EL-8 Titanium, you’re able to permanently modify how the headphones sound, regardless of the output device. For the general consumer, moving to a digital connector would mean no more batteries for your noise canceling headphones as it can just draw power from the phone. Aside from some debatable audiophile features, this opens the gate to things we’re not even thinking about as consumers. However, there are downsides to going digital, specifically Lightning. With the audio standards we have today, they work for all devices. Whether it’s an iPhone, Mac, PC, handheld gaming device, whatever, they all use the 3.5mm termination (some use 2.5, or 1/4-inch, but they’re still open standards). Lightning is proprietary, which means all headphones made with Lightning must be approved and verified by Apple. That’s not bad in reality, as it creates a safer environment. However, this means any device you plug into also needs a Lightning port. As it stands right now, that’s limited to Apple devices and will likely stay that way for the foreseeable future. Of course, the compromise is to get adapters. As an owner of the 12-inch Retina MacBook, my rule is: replace the cable, don’t adapt. While that may hold true to USB-C as it’s an open standard, it wouldn’t make sense for Lightning. With Lightning, the only thing Apple wants you to do with it (currently) is to charge your devices. With iPhone 7, they may want you to plug in headphones with the port. Unfortunately, it ends there. At the time of writing, there are already a plethora of adapters for Lightning (such as digital A/V, USB, and even Apple’s own 30-pin cable). So why can’t we replace those cables with Lightning instead of using an adapter? The issue is MFi certification. Apple charges a fee to have Lighting accessories MFi certified. (MFi aka Made for iPhone, iPad, iPod, etc., is a program Apple runs that allow manufacturers to get their accessories tested to make sure they don’t cause problems.) Which is why MFi accessories are typically more expensive than non-MFi, or non-Lightning accessories. Unless Apple opens up Lightning and makes it an open standard, this will go horribly wrong for Apple. Customers who paid hundreds of dollars for their headphones won’t buy a new pair just to get it to work with their existing headphones. More than likely, those customers will just buy the adapter or switch away from iPhone entirely. Even Apple’s own Beats line of headphones still use 3.5mm terminators. Granted, they could just release a new line with Lightning terminations. The issue with that, and Marco Arment said it best, is that not all headphones are built the same. Specifically, the end that connects to the headphone end, not the device end, come with a 2.5mm, most come with 3.5mm, some don’t have a detachable cable so the cable is built into the headphone. The argument, ‘replace the cable, don’t adapt’ would be nearly impossible here. For example, I currently own a pair of headphones: the Sennheiser HD600. They use a custom terminator on the headphone end of the cable that no other manufacturer uses, but have 3.5mm on the other end to plug into most devices. A more popular headphone, the Audio Technica ATH-M50x has a 2.5mm terminator on the headphone end, but also has a locking mechanism. That alone, area already two cables customers need to buy if they’d like to ‘replace the cable.’ Again, it doesn’t work in anyone’s favor but Apple’s. They sell the adapters, and certify third-party adapters at a price. If Apple goes this route, it’ll be unfortunate for those of us who own multiple pairs of headphones with individual cables for each. Manufacturers will lose because they’ll need to engineer a new cable or include an adapter that needs to be certified by Apple, regardless. The only customers who truly win are those who only own and use iOS devices, but that’s the minority of the iPhone population. Personally, I’d be okay with an adapter, but that doesn’t mean it’s okay. Switching to USB-C on iOS devices on the other hand… that’s not a bad idea. Tags: AirPods, EarPods, headphones, lightning, USB-C About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Leaked ‘iPhone 7 Plus’ packaging suggests 256GB storage option, Lightning EarPods, Lightning to 3.5mm adapter in box After stepping down as CEO, Steve Jobs planned to run a secret TV set project → Jacob Nelson Don’t most people use wireless (aka Bluetooth) headphones anyways? While yes it’s just Apple being Apple on their items, I don’t think it will be that big of a deal and I bet we’ll see less and less wired headphones out there in the next few years. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
US Treasury Chief Denounces Europe's Tax Ruling Against Apple - Irish Sun Issue 07/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News US Treasury Chief Denounces Europe's Tax Ruling Against Apple VOA Thursday 1st September, 2016 U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on Wednesday denounced the European Union's decision to order technology giant Apple to pay Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes, saying the United States ought to be the beneficiary of the success of the world's most valuable company. "I have been concerned that it reflected an attempt to reach into the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States," Lew said of Tuesday's ruling by the EU's antitrust regulator. Lew, speaking in Washington ahead of a meeting of the world's 20 leading economies in China, said, "Our concern with the European Commission action is that it is using a state-aid theory to make tax law and it is doing it in a way that is retroactive and that overrides national tax law authority." Both Apple and Ireland announced plans to appeal the ruling, with Dublin voicing concern that the decision undercuts its efforts to position itself as a low-tax country that welcomes multinational corporations to open operations in the nation. European regulators have also ordered the coffee store company Starbucks to pay more taxes to the Netherlands. Failing 'to stake a claim' One former U.S. senator, Carl Levin, who oversaw congressional investigations of corporate tax avoidance schemes, said both Apple and the U.S. tax agency, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), were ultimately to blame for the loss of revenue to the United States. Levin said European authorities understandably wanted to tax the earnings for Apple, which manufactures the popular iPhones. Levin, however, said, "The IRS has failed to stake a claim for U.S. taxes on those revenues for a decade or more. It has been passive and so Europe attempts to fill the vacuum. Shame on Apple for dodging U.S. taxes. Shame on the IRS for failing to challenge Apple's tax avoidance." In issuing the ruling, the EU's competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager said, "Tax rulings granted by Ireland have artificially reduced Apple's tax burden for over two decades, in breach of the EU state aid rules. Apple now has to repay the benefits." She questioned how anyone might think that Apple's 2014 Irish tax rate of 0.005 percent was fair. Apple employs nearly 6,000 people in Ireland. Apple chief executive Tim Cook said he was "confident" the tax ruling would be overturned. Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all property owners paid taxes last year. The tax authorities have said they collected as much as 463 million euros from tax last year.  Astonishingly, a huge number of people have already paid the taxes for this year. However, this wasn’t without prompting owners to do so: The tax collection authorities had to send as many as 300,000 warning letters telling owners to pay up, or face consequences. Further, those who are yet to pay up their taxes can do so via an electronic cheque, also called an annual debit authority by the Revenue Department. Owners doing so must inform tax officials about the same by Wednesday. All the tax shall be hence withdrawn from their accounts in March. Michael Gladney, Collector General, has stated that since the Revenue Department took charge of tax collection in 2013, as much as 64 million dollars have been collected.  Moreover, as many as 360,000 properties have been taken over by the department following non-payment of taxes on the owner’s behalf. The collector general said in a statement, “The vast majority of property owners fully comply with their local property tax payment obligations, either in a single payment or with phased payments. As long as payment obligations are being met, Revenue will automatically roll over existing payment methods for property owners who pay by direct debit or by deduction at source from pay/pension.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures DUBLIN, Ireland - The Central Statistics office has released figures that show a rise of ... Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers DUBLIN, Ireland - It has been found that exactly 7,651 drivers, that are disqualified to ... Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all ... Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 DUBLIN, Ireland - According to new figures released by the Central Statistical Organization, the number ... Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years DUBLIN, Ireland - The Met Eireann released its annual weather summary based on observations made ... Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Applegreen proposes acquisition of 50 percent of Dublin Fuel terminal Pedestrian killed in rush hour traffic on M50 Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Ireland News Breaking International News Iraq War veteran in custody over mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport Trump team wants to build Mexican wall with American taxpayers' money Vice president Biden's advice to Trump: Grow up, be an adult In last press conference as Secretary of State, John Kerry defends Obama on Syria New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Trump threatens to impose hefty fee on the Japanese automaker, Toyota Honda Motor reports 3.2 percent increase in U.S. sales for 2016 Most Fed policymakers believe U.S. economy could grow more quickly Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Jaap Stam not after Manchester United nostalgia on return to Old Trafford Millwall may have to move if council land purchase scheme goes ahead Holger Badstuber loan move perfect for Bayern Munich and Manchester City German FA opposes World Cup expansion - Reinhard Grindel Chelsea to rotate but backlash from Spurs should see off Peterborough More Europe Sports News Dublin News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Dublin News Economics News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Cuba starts first exports to United States in half a century Texas Unveils Bathroom Bill That Critics Say Targets LGBT Rights Inflation for lower-income families reaches 6.22 in 2016 Trump Fiscal Boost Poses Inflation Risk Fed Policymakers Agree More Economics News Belfast News Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Wylie preparing Northern Ireland for historic chance Evans confident ahead of Ulster clash Former Chelsea F.C. boss ‘Big Phil’ Scolari calls into Belfast pub for a Guinness Tough market behind closure of six Jamies Italian restaurants More Belfast News Breaking Internet News New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome Sanders brings giant poster of Trump's May 2015 tweet to Senate Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund Apple removes New York Times app from China store BBC's ‘Real Housewives of ISIS’ skit comes under fire for being insensitive More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Creative agencies combine to amplify offerings can we expect to see more quirky Austin murals WD slims down SSD to squeeze into little Black drive range BOOST LEGOs computing future and its ground-breaking past Microsoft goes retro with Vista Zune-style Windows Neon makeover 3... 2...1... and 123-Reg hit by DDoSers. Again More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Study US Could Be Net Energy Exporter Use water carefully winter is coming - sanitation dept BSP Ask Borisov If BGN 2 B Has Been Stolen From Budget Surplus Northern Cape municipality may soon run out of water Mexico Gas Protests Looting Leave 1 Dead 600 Arrested More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Samsung's Galaxy S7 outsells iPhone 6s in US: Is Apple in trouble? By Mihăiță Bamburic Published 6 months ago 72 Comments Tweet Samsung is enjoying a great deal of success in the US with its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, as its flagship line is wiping the floor with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in terms of sales. The US has typically been a strong market for iPhone sales, but Apple has to settle for the second place on the podium with more than a quarter to go until its next generation of flagships hits store shelves. As is typical of an "s" upgrade, the iPhone 6s line does not ship with many improvements over the previous generation. Apple only introduced a small number of noteworthy features, and this is likely the reason why there haven't been more consumers interested in buying an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus in US. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge accounted for 16 percent of all smartphones sold in the US in the three months ending May 2016 as opposed to 14.6 percent for the latest iPhones, according to a report by Kantar Worldpanel Comtech. It is very impressive when you consider that, while the respective iPhones enjoyed three full months of sales, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge only became widely available after March 11. Samsung is responsible for 37 percent of all smartphones sold in US in that time frame while Apple has to make due with 29 percent of sales. "In both cases, the majority of sales came from customers repurchasing and upgrading within their preferred brand. Among those intending to change devices within the next year, 88 percent of current Apple users and 86 percent of current Samsung users intend to stay loyal". It is interesting to note that only five percent of Samsung sales come from iPhone switchers, while 14 percent of iPhone sales are made by consumers moving from Samsung smartphones. The South Korean maker targets a broader audience, thanks to a more diverse lineup, while Apple is focusing on the high-end and mid-range buyers based on pricing. Also worth noting is that the 10 most popular smartphones sold in US are all iPhones and Galaxy devices. Other vendors have come up with competitive smartphones too, but it looks like consumers are too much in awe with Apple and Samsung to notice other flagships. Kantar Worldpanel ComTech says that another brand appears in the list only when looking at the top 20, and that is LG. Apple is expected to introduce the iPhone 7 in September, and until that happens it is likely that the Galaxy S7 line will retain its spot on the podium. Arguably, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are much more impressive packages compared to the respective iPhones 6s models, and this is something that US consumers seem to support based on their strong sales performance. Apple will have to come up with something really special to get consumers' attention, otherwise its flagships risks losing even more ground to the Galaxy S line. What's more, Samsung is expected to introduce the Galaxy Note7 shortly -- it will be unveiled on August 2 -- and it is expected to provide a boost in sales for the Galaxy line in US while being a more mature package than the iPhone 6s Plus. Photo Credit: maraga/Shutterstock 72 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 120 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Law Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 6, 2017 05:47:30 PM PST E-Commerce Times > Technology > Tech Law | Next Article in Tech Law Europe Duns Apple for $14.5B in Illegal Tax Breaks Print Email By John P. Mello Jr. Aug 31, 2016 10:22 AM PT The European Union on Tuesday nailed Apple with a US$14.5 billion bill for back taxes. "The European Commission has today has adopted a decision that Apple's tax benefits in Ireland are illegal," said EC Competition Chief Margrethe Vestager at a press conference in Brussels. Tax breaks Ireland granted to Apple for more than two decades artificially reduced Apple's tax burden, in breach of European Union rules, she explained. "Apple now has to repay the benefits worth up to 13 billion euros, plus interest," Vestager said. "This decision sends a clear message," she added. "Member states cannot give unfair tax benefits to selected companies, no matter if they are European or foreign, large or small, part of a group or not." Strong Case The EC's case is a strong one, said Joseph Carson, head of global strategic alliances at Thycotic. "While Apple and Ireland maintain that they are compliant with Irish and European tax laws, the way the tax structure was applied meant that Apple paid very little tax," he told the E-Commerce Times. Meanwhile, the tax structure available to Apple wasn't available to other companies. In the EC's eyes, that made the tax deal a method of state aid to Apple that gave Ireland a competitive advantage over its European neighbors. "These types of tax structure ultimately do not benefit anyone -- country nor citizen," Carson said. "A few jobs result from some of these types of tax incentives," ne noted, "but in many other cases, they are very few to none, so the ultimate benefit to the economy is limited." No Tax Rigging Apple CEO Tim Cook denied that his company had received preferential treatment in Ireland. "We never asked for, nor did we receive, any special deals," he wrote in a message to Apple's European community. "Beyond the obvious targeting of Apple, the most profound and harmful effect of this ruling will be on investment and job creation in Europe," Cook warned. "Using the Commission's theory, every company in Ireland and across Europe is suddenly at risk of being subjected to taxes under laws that never existed," he added. The EC's decision is not about Apple, but about who should be collecting taxes from multinational corporations, Cook argued. Taxing Problem As complex as taxes on multinational corporations are, one principle recognized around the world is that profits should be taxed in the country where value is created, according to Cook. Since nearly all of Apple's case research and development takes place in California, the vast majority of its profits are taxed in the United States, he pointed out. Not everyone agrees with the fairness of the "value created" rule, however. "The average person probably has a right to challenge the reasonableness of Ireland facilitating Apple to pay so little tax on its European profits," suggested Louise Gracia, a tax regulation researcher at the University of Warwick. "Given that large multinationals work and operate across countries, using the infrastructure and labor within those countries, there is an implicit fairness in requiring them to pay tax on the profits generated within a country in that country," she explained. Clouding Clarity With its decision, the EC has sowed uncertainty in an area where clarity is necessary. "Global multinationals, such as Apple, need to be clear on the tax and other implications of doing business in the regions where they are active," said Steve Durbin, managing director of the Information Security Forum. "They are then in a strong position to make significant investment decisions." In Ireland, those decisions resulted in Apple's creation of more than 6,000 jobs. By undermining the decisions made by the Irish government with respect to Apple, the EC has cast a cloud over other governments' similar decisions. "This will be used as a test case to establish exactly who has the final say in such jurisdictional matters," Durbin told the E-Commerce Times. A win for the EC's competition watchdogs would have consequences for any foreign company doing business in Europe, observed Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "If the EU wins the case, the result could be a significant hit to the authority of the member countries and any agreements they have entered into with international companies -- not just American tech companies," he told the E-Commerce Times. "The effects of this case could be widely felt across all industries." Destablizing Europe The EU's decision could have a destabilizing effect on Europe, warned Darren Hayes, an assistant professor at Pace University. "The EU risks setting a precedent where other U.S. companies may relocate to non-EU countries, which have more favorable tax incentives, thereby driving up unemployment at a time when economic slowdown continues for many EU members," he told the E-Commerce Times. "All nations create their own tax incentives, including the USA, and therefore this move will be seen by many as counterproductive," he said, and it "creates tremendous risks to Ireland and other EU members." Apple and Ireland intend to appeal the EC's decision, and the legal wrangling will last for years, predicted Trip Chowdhry, managing director for equity research at Global Equities Research. "I don't see an outcome to this for the next 15 to 20 years," he told the E-Commerce Times. "One message from the decision is that the European Union is under pressure. We've already seen Britain exiting the European Union. This union seems to be crumbling." John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Report Throws the Book at Yahoo Apr 8, 2016 Tech Titans Tackle the Trump Problem Mar 9, 2016 DHS Ready to Share Intelligence With Private Sector Feb 18, 2016 More in Tech Law HPE, HP Sued for Elbowing Out Older Employees Lights Out for Gawker.com Russian Regulators Scoop Apple Into Price-Fixing Probe Gawker Founder Sets Personal Bankruptcy Wheels in Motion UK Greenlights Amazon's Drone Delivery Tests Clinton Campaign Latest Target of Hackers Linked to Russia Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by John P. Mello Jr. Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play 2017: More Apple Security Flaws, Cyberattacks, Hacktivisim Fact-Checking the President-Elect's Tweets Yahoo Suffers Major Data Breach Deja Vu Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Trump, Tech Bigwigs to Meet Wednesday Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which sector will benefit most from technological advances in 2017? Banking / Finance Education Energy Government / Law Enforcement Healthcare / Medical Retail Sports / Entertainment Telecommunications Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Germany Could Ding Facebook for Fake News CRM Buyer Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Looking Forward Stock Shortages May Deplete Brand Loyalty Fast Bill Bolsters Legal Efforts of Wells Fargo Fraud Victims ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat AI Platforms Welcome Devs With Open Arms SPONSOR RESOURCES Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Which Wireless Carrier Is Best for You? Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Softbank Pumps $1B Into Global Web Access Race 2017: AI's Coming Out Party Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Cloud Enters Mainstream in Federal IT Investment Plans Microsoft and Intel's Project Evo Ups the PC Game How Amazon Could Reshape More Industries in 2017 Enterprise IT Fact-Checking the President-Elect's Tweets Is Peter Thiel the Most Powerful Person in Tech? Tech Leaders, Trump Team Search for Common Ground Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Aviso CEO K.V. Rao: Humans, Machines and Magic Expert Advice Creating the Right Business Culture for Success The Lego-ization of Software, or the Rise of Snap-On SaaS Are Your Sales Tools Turning A-Performers Into B-Performers? Hot Topics Magic Leap Catches Flak Over Tricky Video Trump, Tech Bigwigs to Meet Wednesday SCOTUS Scuttles Apple's Big Samsung Award Marketing Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Mobile Samsung May Unleash a Beast Fitbit Pulls Pebble From Rock, Hard Place Without Numbers, Cook's Apple Watch Claims May Be Hollow Security 2017: More Apple Security Flaws, Cyberattacks, Hacktivisim Uber Staff Still Stalking Customers, Claims Suit Yahoo Suffers Major Data Breach Deja Vu SMB Zenefits Pays the Piper Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Kobe Bryant Pours Energy - and Money - Into Tech Social Media Facebook Investors Slam Zuckerberg, Andreessen LinkedIn Begins New Chapter Under Microsoft's Wing Traversing the Social Media Minefield Spotlight Features China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 1 Trends 2016: The Year That Was Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers FCC's Tom Wheeler Hitting the Road Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
07/01/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World news 06/01/2017 'I hope I've made you proud,' Michelle Obama gives final speech as FLOTUS Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I hope I've made you proud." Michelle Obama First Lady of the United States World news 06/01/2017 Obama condemns 'terrible toll' of racism after Facebook-streamed attack Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Technology allows us to see the terrible toll that racism, discrimination and hate takes" Barack Obama US President World news 05/01/2017 US top spy says Russian cyber attacks a 'major threat' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I don't think we've ever encountered a more aggressive or direct campaign to  interfere in our election process than we've seen in this case." James Clapper US Director of National Intelligence World news 05/01/2017 Turkish police "closing in" on Reina attacker Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Our security forces have identified the terrorist. His potential whereabouts are also established. He's probably a Uighur." Business 05/01/2017 China unveils renewable power generation plan Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The government may exceed these targets because there are more investment opportunities in the sector as costs go down" Steven Han Renewable analyst, Shenyin Wanguo World news 05/01/2017 Republicans set their sights on Obamacare as first target for Trump Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World news 05/01/2017 Romania's new coalition wins parliamentary approval Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""deliver what you promised"" Klaus Iohannis Romanian President World news 04/01/2017 Mass escape after prison riot in Brazil claims 56 lives Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Just In BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > Business > To take the money or not - Ireland delays decision over Apple tax cash Now Reading: To take the money or not - Ireland delays decision over Apple tax cash economy 31/08/2016 To take the money or not - Ireland delays decision over Apple tax cash Today's Top Stories USA 01/06/2017 Several dead and wounded in US airport shooting Syria 01/06/2017 Syria: Russia begins withdrawing troops Iraq 01/06/2017 Iraqi troops enter Mosul from the north Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 And Also... man travels 5km on roof of his stolen car, singing Italian foetuses... world news 01/06/2017 An Art Deco sensory feast in 360 degrees world news 01/06/2017 Opinion: Will Syria's conflict redraw the map of the Middle East? Most viewed corporate 01/06/2017 South Korean Volkswagen executive jailed over emissions-test cheating scandal corporate 01/06/2017 Japan backs Toyota over Trump Mexico tax threat economy 01/06/2017 US job growth slows in December, wages rebound economy 01/06/2017 Economic optimism in the eurozone despite political uncertainty corporate 01/06/2017 Note 7 disaster barely dents Samsung's profit last updated: 31/08/2016 Euronews ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Ireland’s cabinet failed to agree on Wednesday on whether Dublin should appeal against a ruling by Brussels that technology giant Apple has to give 13 billion euros of underpaid taxes to the government. Independent lawmakers in the ruling minority coalition said they needed to know more about the consequences before they could back the appeal. Regardless of what the Irish politicians decide, Apple is going to appeal and the case faces much legal and political wrangling. The problem is in the long-term this windfall could be a poisoned apple, as Dublin has for years boosted the economy and created jobs by attracting multinational companies to take advantage of Ireland’s low corporation tax. The fear is this ruling could cause an exodus of firms and discourage others from coming. Apple tax receipts could help cut Ireland's debt pile: S&P's Kraemer https://t.co/9XF46z3VXa pic.twitter.com/HxwUR8VShO— Reuters Top News (@Reuters) August 31, 2016 Top tax table Around Europe corporate tax rates vary hugely. At the top of table are France (34.43 percent), Belgium (33 percent), Portugal (28 percent) and Italy (27.5 percent). Following the Brexit vote Britain recently proposed cutting its rate from 20 to 15 percent which would put it close to Ireland’s 12.5 percent. The rate in the United States is 35 percent while neighbouring Canada’s is just 15 percent. More to come The European Commission has criticised several countries for offering sweetheart tax deals to multinationals and the Apple ruling will certainly not be the last. Euan Rellie, senior managing director at BDA Partners in New York, told Reuters: “Certainly more to come and no question the US targets are the most appealing targets, if nothing else, because they’ve got the deepest pockets. The US companies have been very efficient at doing business in Europe and not paying too much tax, and now the political climate demands that they pay tax going forward.” Fair share Rellie said the kind of disenchantment that led to the British vote to leave the European Union means Brussels wants to be seen to be defending its citizens, and making sure big multinationals like Starbucks, Amazon, McDonald’s and Google pay their fair share of taxes. But he believes it could backfire, with companies reconsidering investing in the EU: “I think it’s a calculated decision by the EU that big tech companies are still going to want to do business in Europe. Having said that, if you have the choice of making an investment decision, putting down an R&D facility in Asia or the US, or Europe, you might choose to do it somewhere else other than the EU from now on.” “Take the money” Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down the cash. The money that Apple has been ordered to pay to the Irish government would cover the country’s health service bill for a year or significantly pay down the national debt. It is nearly a third of the total tax revenue collected there last year. If split between Ireland’s 4.6 million people each would get 2,830 euros. US anger The US government has warned the Apple ruling could undermine US investment in Europe. “We think that it undermines the environment in Europe for international business because it creates uncertainty that ultimately will not be good for the European economy,” US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on Wednesday. Video of my conversaton with Jack Lew today on Apple, G20, etc. https://t.co/fGVOoUxcPO via YouTube</a></p>&mdash; David Wessel (davidmwessel) August 31, 2016 This has also become a presidential election issue, with Donald Trump proposing US corporation tax be cut from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, with a 10 percent rate applied to money held by companies offshore. ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Apple Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Pourquoi l'Irlande ne veut pas des 13 milliards d'Apple See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Die 13-Milliarden-Euro-Frage - oder warum Irland kein Geld von Apple will See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Quello scomodo mucchio di soldi See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español ¿Por qué Irlanda no quiere los 13.000 millones reclamados a Apple? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Porque não quer a Irlanda receber os 13 mil milhões de impostos da Apple? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe İralanda AB'nin Apple'a kestiği rekor vergi cezasını alacak mı? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Ірландія не вирішила чи оскаржувати рішення щодо Apple See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Потеряет ли Европа американские корпорации после "дела Apple"? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية المفوضية الأوربية تطالب آبل بدفع 13 مليار يورو لأيرلندا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی مالیات پرداخت نشده شرکت اپل؛ تاثیر تصمیم کمیسیون اروپا بر اقتصاد ایرلند See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Ιρλανδία: πολιτική αναταραχή λόγω Apple, αδιέξοδο στο υπουργικό συμβούλιο See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Apple-adó: talált pénz, Írország öröme mégsem felhőtlen See translation Auto-Translated Page 1 Copy 34 All views This article × Business 31/08/2016 To take the money or not - Ireland delays decision over Apple tax cash Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The US companies have been very efficient at doing business in Europe and not paying too much tax" Euan Rellie BDA Partners Business 31/08/2016 To take the money or not - Ireland delays decision over Apple tax cash Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 And Also... man travels 5km on roof of his stolen car, singing Italian foetuses... world news 01/06/2017 An Art Deco sensory feast in 360 degrees world news 01/06/2017 Opinion: Will Syria's conflict redraw the map of the Middle East? world news 01/06/2017 Why do some Orthodox Christians celebrate Christmas in January? world news 01/06/2017 Twice the size of Luxembourg - one of the world's biggest icebergs gets ready... world news 01/05/2017 Opinion: Robots could put most humans out of work. What then? world news 01/05/2017 ISIL's 24 months of terror in Belgium, France and Germany Sci-tech 01/05/2017 Consumer Electronics Show opens in Las Vegas celebrating 50 years Sci-tech 01/04/2017 A laser printer without ink or toner Next Article economy 31/08/2016 Deutsche Bank's boss calls for more cross-border bank mergers Today's Top Stories USA 01/06/2017 Several dead and wounded in US airport shooting Syria 01/06/2017 Syria: Russia begins withdrawing troops Iraq 01/06/2017 Iraqi troops enter Mosul from the north Browse today's tags USA Russia Donald Trump Africa Attack European Union Europe Odd Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Stock Indices' Strong Closings Mask Underlying Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Apple Shares Rise Slightly Following U.S. Treasury Secretary Comments Shares of Apple rose slightly Wednesday after U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew criticized the European Union's ruling on the tech giant's taxes. Anders Keitz Aug 31, 2016 4:25 PM EDT Shares of Apple (AAPL) rose slightly Wednesday after U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew criticized the European Union's ruling on the tech giant's taxes. Speaking at the Brookings Institution this morning, Lew said the decision 'reflects an attempt to reach into the U.S. tax base, to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States.' Lew added that the EU ruling 'undermines the environment in Europe for international business because it creates uncertainty that will ultimately not be good for the European economy.' Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS portfolio.  Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. Action Alerts PLUS, which Cramer co-manages as a charitable trust, is long APPL stock. If you liked this article you might like It's Official: Online Holiday Sales Break Record -- Tech Roundup Online sales came in at almost $92 billion during the two-month stretch between November and December, a new record. Bret Kenwell Jan 6, 2017 4:37 PM EST Cramer: Too Few Stocks Are Doing Too Much in Dow's Run to 20,000 Disney and Goldman are doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Jim Cramer Jan 6, 2017 3:10 PM EST Here's Why Apple CEO Tim Cook Got a Pay Cut in 2016 Apple missed its sales and profit goals in 2016 and that means a pay cut for CEO Tim Cook and other executives. TheStreet Staff Jan 6, 2017 2:57 PM EST Apple CEO Tim Cook Receives a 15% Pay Cut for 2016 Apple is cutting the paychecks of CEO Tim Cook and other executives because of missed goals in 2016. Natalie Walters Jan 6, 2017 1:15 PM EST Trending Why Gold Prices Right Now Should Have You Feeling Beyond Thrilled Dying Sears Sells Craftsman for a Song to Stay Alive Another Year Week in Review: Dow Scores Gains in First Week of 2017 but Can't Get 20,000 10 Financial Stocks to Devour Before Trump Rally Sends Them Soaring Here's Why You Should Sell Gilead, PPG, 3 More Toxic Stocks Before It's Too Late Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers

Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! You should be excited that Apple’s iPhone 7 is killing the headphone jack – BGR Posted on August 31, 2016 by BGR Plenty of people are complaining about Apple’s rumored decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 even before the device is announced. And there’s no question at all that the complaining will continue after the new iPhones debut next week. Alleged ‘iPhone 7’ packaging reaffirms 32GB model, Lightning to Headphone Jack Adapter in the boxAppleInsider (press release) (blog) What are audiophiles to do if the iPhone removes the headphone jack?CNET First Click: Isn’t it time to drop the ‘smart’ from smartphone?The Verge Fortune -CIO -TechCrunch -Tech Times all 1,012 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung unveils bigger Gear S3 smartwatches By Reuters Published: 16:10 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 16:10 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail By Harro Ten Wolde and Peter Maushagen BERLIN, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics unveiled two new smartwatches on Wednesday which boast a range of digital features while also promising up to four days of battery life, seeking to outshine the Apple Watch. The world's biggest maker of consumer electronic products introduced its new line of Gear S3 watches ahead of this week's opening in Berlin of the IFA, Europe's biggest annual trade fair for consumer electronics and domestic appliances. The new Gear S3 Frontier model has a rugged outdoor look, while the Gear S3 Classic has a more refined appearance, but both watches feature large faces that are likely to appeal mainly to male consumers. The Frontier model has its own cellular radio chip to connect to high speed 4G mobile networks so it does not need to be "tethered" to the wearer's smartphone in order to make calls or send and receive data, unlike Apple watches, which require an iPhone to remain nearby for their connections. Apple, the current market leader in smartwatches, is expected to introduce its new Apple Watch 2 line-up a week from now, on September 7, along with new phones and computers. Gadget news sites have reported that Apple is considering introducing smartwatches with their own cellular radio in 2017, but won't offer such a feature in its upcoming models fearing it would further drain their batteries, which typically last around 24 hours in current models before needing to be recharged. The latest Samsung smartwatches offer always-on colour dislays, dust and water resistance features, a built-in speaker and GPS location-finding technology. They also enable users to make mobile payments in countries where Samsung Pay is available. Pricing was not disclosed for the new Gear S3 watches, which are due to go on sale before the end of the year. Samsung's existing line of Gear S2 watches retail at major online sites for around $250 to $300, comparable to pricing for the most basic sports version of the Apple Watch. (Additional reporting and writing by Eric Auchard; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Editorials FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Explain That, Apple! GO Having similar-looking devices makes it more difficult to convince users to buy them. Is Apple worried? Aug 31, 2016 19:14 GMT  ·  By Adrian Boioglu  ·  Share:  Apple has to convince users that it is innovating. When the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7Plus come out in about two weeks, they will probably look exactly the same as the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. This would not have been such a big issue if the same design wasn't used in 2015's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.  Apple is not at their first attempt to deliver a similar-looking device for the third time in a row. After all, the Macs and iPads are doing that since their inception. On the other hand, the iPhone 5 design was sold as iPhone 5s and iPhone SE, and nobody had anything to complain about. Are the internals good enough? Apple is going to play it big on internals and software in 2016. The new iPhone 7 (or maybe they will call it iPhone 6 SE in the end) will have a redesigned camera. There are rumors about the iPhone 7 Plus having a dual-camera system combined with lens that will make a DSLR jealous. The iPhone camera is already the most popular one on photo sharing websites like Flickr, even among pros. Even Samsung phones took over Nikon, Canon or Sony's professional DSLRs, so playing that card is going to be a sure win. But this is not enough. Hardware must be matched by software, and when it comes to photos and videos, the device needs more space. I am pretty sure we saw the last of the 16GB iPhones last year, and the new devices will start at 32GB. Shooting 4K video and DSRL-like photos with an iPhone can fill it up pretty quickly. Besides, Google has already made fun of the iPhone in their commercials for Google Photos by tackling the same subject. How can a new iPhone be more attractive? Color is what comes to mind. If the design is the same, just by releasing a Dark Blue or Black iPhone, Apple can appeal to a newer audience. The new line may include devices in Space Grey, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Dark Blue, and Space Black. The guys from Cupertino should really work on the material used on the new iPhone and add grip to the device itself. The iPhone 6 and 6s were so slippery that more and more users had to go change their screens after they broke. And let's not forget that the headphone jack is going away this year. Sure enough, we will get a headphone to lightning adapter, but this is just a new annoyance for the users who want to use their good old headphones. Having to explain that to an iPhone owner is pretty difficult. In conclusion, the hardware will look the same and add new functionality. Nothing spectacular, but good enough for a 3-year-old iPhone 5s user who wants to upgrade. Still, having to explain to a user that their future iPhone will look the same but will lack some functionality while adding just a better camera and a dongle for their EarPods takes more than one hour and 42 minutes, while the Keynote lasts. iOS 10 looks like it is half baked Software-wise, iOS 10 looks like the most advanced jump from iOS 7. Still, the new operating system does not help iPad users work with their devices as a true laptop. iOS needed to go back to the drawing board, but not necessarily to get more complicated. With the current state of iOS 10, it really feels like Apple is getting ready to add new functionality to a future device (maybe the one from 2017), and they do not want to spoil the surprise. Betting on the Watch. Again The Apple Watch is the new winner in that space. It proves that Apple can revive a two-year-old device and make it fresh again just by rethinking the operating system. The fact that a device as old as the iPhone 5 will get to work with iOS proves that Apple learned something from their experience with iPhone 4 and 4s. One can only hope that iPhone 5 will not be a really slow device, just as iPhone 4 proved to be on iOS 7. Sure, we will see a new Apple Watch soon, but the fact that the old one is not getting forgotten really helps. Especially for users who paid upwards of $10,000 for the Golden Edition. Again, Apple may have trouble explaining to users why they were not able to fix the Apple Watch problems for almost two years, but now it all works. The MacBook Pro, postponed? And there is one last thing Apple needs to offer an explanation for: how come there is no new MacBook Pro? Sure enough, the users who have been expecting a new device for some time now can blame it on macOS Sierra. Apple will probably have another conference to introduce the new software (and hopefully, hardware) later this fall. All in all, the iPhone it is going to be sold in the millions, Apple will end up having the best quarter ever, and consumers will enjoy the new colors and cameras. The good news is that Apple will have a great lineup in 2017... #iPhone#iOS 10#Apple#Apple Watch#iPad subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news "Back to the Mac" for Real Is Apple Too Early for the Future? A Much-Needed Revamp of the AppStore Apple Needs a New Naming Convention for Their Products Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals    iPhone 7 mock-up in dark blue new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   The Rise and Fall of Chinese Giant LeEco more on: LeEco Le Pro3 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט' טבת תשע"ז   |   Friday, January 6, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds National Lew Says Apple’s Tax Fight Could Spur Congressional Actions Lew Says Apple’s Tax Fight Could Spur Congressional Actions By Martin Crutsinger Wednesday, August 31, 2016 at 4:00 pm | כ"ז אב תשע"ו Secretary Treasury Jack Lew (Glen Stubbe/Star Tribune via AP) WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on Wednesday criticized a European ruling that Apple owes more than $14.5 billion in back taxes. But he said the decision may spur Congress to finally address the stalled effort to reform America’s corporate tax structure. Lew said that while the Obama administration has failed in its efforts to get tax reform through Congress, he believes the unhappiness expressed by both Democrats and Republicans following Europe’s announcement on Tuesday could push Congress to act. He said he is “hopeful that we will see action, probably not in my tenure, but early in the next administration.” The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes plus interest for what European authorities ruled were unpaid taxes accumulated over a decade that Apple owes Ireland. Both Apple and Ireland have said they plan to appeal the decision. Lew said that he saw Europe’s effort as “an attempt to reach in to the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed by the United States.” He said it also appeared to be the latest in a string of actions targeting big U.S. companies. “The pattern of actions certainly appears to be highly focused on U.S. firms,” Lew said. “The largest actions do appear to be aimed squarely at our tax base.” The decision sparked outrage in Congress, with Sen. Charles Schumer, D-New York, calling it a “cheap money grab by the European Commission, targeting U.S. businesses and the U.S. tax base.” House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, called the action a “predatory and naked tax grab”, which he said underscored the need for congressional action. Lew said that while the Obama administration has not succeeded in getting tax reform through Congress, it has made progress on the issue and “there is a growing bipartisan consensus on how to deal with tax reform in a way that will enable us to reach overseas income.” U.S.-based companies are taxed at a 35 percent corporate rate on their global profits but they get tax credits for payments to foreign governments and they don’t pay the U.S. tax until they bring the money home. For that reason, U.S. companies have left an estimated $2 trillion in untaxed foreign profits overseas. Congress has been debating for years how to deal with this growing stockpile but disputes between Democrats and Republicans over how to overhaul corporate taxes has stalled action. Lew’s comments came in an appearance at the Brookings Institution where he previewed President Barack Obama’s goals at the Group of 20 major economic powers summit this weekend in Hangzhou, China. Lew said Obama will use his last G-20 summit to urge other nations to do more to boost sluggish global growth while also addressing the needs of people who feel left behind by globalization. “As we work to achieve strong, sustainable and balanced growth, the G-20 must also remain mindful of the need to redouble our focus on making sure the benefits of growth are broadly shared by all our citizens,” Lew said. Filed under: Congress, Tax, Treasury Print Email Gmail Related Gun Lobby Vows to Fight Obama Actions Burger King’s Merger With Tim Hortons Could Prompt Tax Fight in Congress Congressional Fight on Iran Deal Is Over IRS Collections From Enforcement Actions Drop Limits on Overseas Mergers Prompt Renewed Debate More in National Obama Admin Blocks Seismic Surveys in Atlantic Ocean Shooting at Ft. Lauderdale Airport: 5 Dead, 8 Wounded Trump on Border Wall: Mexico Will Pay Us Back 4 Charged in Chicago Attack on Mentally Disabled Teen to Appear in Court Rare Glass Penny From World War II Sells for $70K OP-ED Without A Sigh Three Unpopular Parts of Obamacare Should Stay Reagan’s Lesson to Trump: Listen to the Lawyers Freedom of Religion Wins Out in Bernards Township The Call of the Kosel Original Women of the Wall Call to End Prayer at the Wall Acknowledging Realities Loss and Legacy Obama’s Final, Most Shameful, Legacy Moment Are Resolutions About Resolve? A Dream Deferred, a Dream Realized Hacking Democratic Rules Isn’t Good Government Don’t Write Democracy Off Just Yet Medical Trainees Need Their Sleep Features Don’t Blame Others! Constructive Criticism Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 8 Teves/January 6 אלוקים חשבה לטובה Residence Menu Editorial Cartoon – January 6, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 8 Teves/January 6 Sudoku – January 6, 2017 Sudoku – January 5, 2017 This Day In History 7 Teves/January 5 Nichum Aveilim 7 Teves/January 5 Slow Down I Went Overboard Policing My Kids’ Weather » Brooklyn 30°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,521.06 +33.12 (+0.60%) S&P 500 2,276.98 +7.98 (+0.35%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9492 GBP 0.8138 ILS 3.8460 CHF 1.0178 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X EU decision on Apple: Are we defending the indefensible? In the absence of standardisation of rates or tax bases, the state aids inquiry is a clumsy, blunt mechanism Wed, Aug 31, 2016, 21:00         This is the reality of globalisation: companies who manufacture in China and store mega-profits in tax-light states like Ireland. Who play states off against each other to lighten tax bills, and who are headquartered in virtual space. Beyond offshore. No flag, no liability. No obligation, unlike neanderthals still tethered to nation states, to help fund state services . In eloquently defending the EU Commission’s €13 billion ruling against Apple, Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, has been arguing rightly that making multinationals pay their fair share of tax is one of the challenges of the age, and an essential function of the commission’s competition remit. States retain the right to set their own tax rates but are not entitled to undermine the single market by favouring individual companies with private deals. In the absence of standardisation of rates or tax bases, however, the state aids inquiry is a clumsy, blunt mechanism. Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules It relies on showing that there was a sweetheart deal – while there is no doubt there was a deal between Revenue and Apple, did the Commission also show that the rationale applied to that was unique and different to that used for other companies in similar circumstances? Ireland’s defence that it applied the same principles to Apple as others may be a good legal point, and central to an appeal, but it is also a politically embarrassing admission that the State’s policy of accommodating multinationals meant it was systematically complicit in their tax reduction strategies. As Nobel Prize economist Prof Joseph Stiglitz argued yesterday, “the fact is that you were encouraging tax avoidance, you knew it... That’s the kind of activity that has to be stopped.” Which is why there is little sympathy around Europe for Ireland’s predicament. Or with that of the US whose protests are not to do with sympathy for Apple but exasperation at its own failure to reform its tax system so that it could levy the company’s $200 billion offshore “rainy day fund”. And, when and if they do repatriate them, they know the tax authorities will have to deduct payments made to Ireland from taxes due. ADVERTISEMENT There is now broad OECD-wide agreement on the principle that tax should be levied where profits are earned – Ireland has admitted as much in revising its own tax code, curbing the scope for the use of virtual non-state companies and abolishing the “Double Irish” practice. That reality means that in practice any appeal will also ironically involve an implicit repudiation by the State of the deal it made with Apple. A new political complication has also been added with the Commission’s clarification that the Government would not be legally bound to spend the €13 billion reducing the national debt. The discretion the Government now enjoys is certain to increase political demands for spending it on social programmes like housing and healthcare.       Topics: Margrethe Vestager Eu European Commission Apple Revenue China Europe Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Leading US politicians criticise EU ruling on Apple Apple’s €13bn Irish tax bill does not contain seeds of change Apple claims it paid $800m tax on European profits in 2014 Business Podcast: Making sense of the Apple ruling Independent Ministers demand early recall of Dáil to debate Apple appeal Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Opinion Martyn Turner Opinion Cliff Taylor: Tax-take is up, so why do we feel worse off? Opinion Oliver Callan: predictions for the Chinese year of the Rooster Opinion Nollaig na mBan: Women care all the time, but do we really care for women? Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Editorials Deadlock in Northern Ireland: The illusion of power-sharing Renewable Heat Incentive – a scandal waiting to happen Reply to all: The right to disconnect digitally France moves to re-balance demands of work emails landing after hours Our Columnists Cliff Taylor Cliff Taylor: Tax-take is up, so why do we feel worse off? Noel Whelan Noel Whelan: It is naive to say Ireland would never leave the EU Newton Emerson Newton Emerson: ‘Cash for Ash’ reveals fragility of North’s existence John McManus The State is about to create another housing bubble ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed Letters More to latest health crisis than the flu The alt-right movement – a glossary Refugees in Ballaghdereen Brexit and a ‘new Europe’ Wind turbines and carbon emissions Violet behaviour Banned drivers on the roads Motor registration Morality and God The ‘Alt-right’ movement Most Read 1 Owners to be accountable if car driven by unaccompanied learner 2 ‘Nothing as appalling as a liar’: Driver committed perjury - judge 3 Angela Nagle: What the Alt-right is really all about 4 Paul Howard’s 44 life lessons, one for each year 5 The alt-right movement: everything you need to know Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Working iPhone 7 Plus captured on video for the first time Zach Epstein BGR NewsAugust 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share With just one week to go before Apple takes the wraps off of its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, leaks and rumors are really starting to hit high gear. This morning we saw one of the biggest leaks yet, and it was the one we've been waiting for, a possible confirmation that Apple will double the storage capacity in each of its new iPhone models. If the leak pans out, Apple's entry-level iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will feature 32GB of storage, the middle models will have 128GB of storage and high-end iPhone buyers will enjoy 256GB of space. Now, a leaked video appears to show a functional iPhone 7 Plus on video for the first time ever. MUST SEE: The worst thing about yesterday’s big iPhone 7 specs leak We have seen a few videos in the past that appear to show working iPhone 7 units, but they've all come from sources with mixed track records — here's an example of a video that seems to show a working iPhone 7 in action. On Wednesday, however, a newly leaked video shows the larger iPhone 7 Plus powered on and functioning, and it comes from a source with a good history of legitimate iPhone leaks. Sonny Dickson has been fairly quiet this year after making a splash in 2014 with numerous iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus leaks. Today, however, he made a splash with a tweet that included only a video and no text. Here's the tweet in question: https://twitter.com/SonnyDickson/status/770991114656423936 At this point, there's no way to confirm that the phones shown in the video are indeed iPhone 7 Plus models. After all, there have been a few mods floating around where people take iPhone 6s components and stuff them into an iPhone 7 case mockup. It's also not clear who filmed the brief clip, which was not recorded by Dickson himself. But again, the source here has a good track record so it's entirely possible that we're looking at a functioning iPhone 7 Plus on video for the first time. Apple will unveil its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus during a press conference in California next week on September 7th. The phones are expected to closely resemble their predecessors, but they'll include a few key differences. Most notably, the new models will feature upgraded internal components, redesigned antennas, no headphone jack and twice as much storage as Apple's current iPhone lineup. According to earlier reports, the new iPhone models will be made available for preorder on September 9th before launching on September 16th. Trending right now: This is the huge iPhone 7 leak we’ve been waiting for Big Pokemon Go update is about to bring some exciting new features Google is killing the Nexus line and vanilla Android with it See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple After Apple: will other tech companies face Irish tax bills of their own? With Microsoft and Google among US companies tied to Ireland, industry advocate raises concern over implications of European commission’s decision Microsoft is among US tech companies with a presence in Ireland. Photograph: Lucy Nicholson/Reuters Geof Wheelwright Wednesday 31 August 2016 15.07 EDT Last modified on Thursday 22 September 2016 14.01 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 4 months old America’s biggest technology companies have been taking stock of the European commission’s decision on Tuesday to order what it called “recovery of illegal state aid” for alleged unpaid taxes in Ireland from Apple of up to €13bn($14.6bn, £11bn), plus interest. Apple’s surprise, retroactive tax bill – which is believed to be the largest in history – has raised both condemnation and alarm in the technology industry, particularly for companies with a long history of operations in Ireland. According to Dean Garfield, president and CEO of the Information Technology Industry Council – a Washington DC-based technology industry advocacy group that counts significant multinational Irish technology players Amazon, Apple, Dell, EMC, Facebook, Google, HP, Intel and Microsoft as members – the key issue for them lies in the confusing and retroactive nature of yesterday’s decision, which applies to tax arrangements from 2003 to 2014. After Apple, the other tax deals in the European commission's sights Read more “The commission’s decision calls into question whether following the laws in an EU member state is a guarantee that you are playing by the rules in Europe,” he said. “We are deeply concerned by the commission’s departure from established channels of multilateral cooperation on tax policy in favor of a unilateral approach that, by imposing unforeseeable and retroactive penalties, risks chilling transatlantic commerce and investment and growth in the EU at the expense of US taxpayers.” Garfield cited a white paper last week from the US treasury department which expressed concern about the European commission’s approach to the issue. Even before yesterday’s final number for the retroactive tax sought against Apple, the treasury department expressed concern about the European commission’s general approach. “The Commission is seeking to recover amounts related to tax years prior to the announcement of this new approach – in effect seeking retroactive recoveries,” it stated. “Because the Commission’s approach departs from prior practice, it should not be applied retroactively.” The computing firm Dell has been a part of the Irish technology sector since 1990. Yesterday’s move comes at an interesting time for the company, which just announced that it would be completing its much-anticipated merger with the storage maker EMC on 7 September following regulatory approval of the deal by China’s ministry of commerce. It was granted a similar clearance by the European commission in February this year. Both Dell and EMC have a significant presence in Ireland. Dell remained circumspect yesterday in its statement on the commission’s decision. “While we are not going to comment on Apple’s situation, I can confirm that Dell has a strong history of paying corporate and other taxes in Ireland and collecting taxes such as employment tax and VAT,” said the company in its statement. “We understand our responsibility to be compliant with the tax laws of all of the countries in which we operate. This applies to both the letter and the intent of the law.” Microsoft did not respond to requests for comment on the Apple case, although the company has recently worked closely with the Irish government in championing privacy rights as part of an effort to fight a US court-ordered warrant concerning data held in a Microsoft European data centre in Dublin – which the company won on appeal in July this year. Silicon Valley outraged by Apple tax bill: 'Europe is changing rules retroactively' Read more Intel also declined to comment directly on the Apple case, yet clearly has an interest in how American technology companies are treated by the European Union. Intel opened its Leixlip campus, located in County Kildare, in 1989 and also operates a communications facility in Shannon that works on developing “connected car” applications for the automotive industry and end-to-end solutions for the retail sector. Facebook has faced well-publicized questions – dating back a number of years – about its UK corporate tax position. More recently, Facebook has gained attention from the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to the company’s operations in Ireland. It did not respond to requests for comment. In a petition filed last month, the IRS said it was conducting an examination of the federal income tax liability of Facebook for the tax period ending 31 December 2010 – and that details of its operations in Ireland were part of that examination. “Part of the IRS’s examination concerns matters arising under certain agreements between Facebook Inc and Facebook Ireland Holdings Limited (‘Facebook Ireland’) purporting to transfer rights associated with Facebook’s worldwide business to Facebook Ireland, with the exception of the United States and Canada,” the IRS stated in its petition on 6 July 2016. Google also declined to comment for this story, but the company is already receiving attention from the European commission on another front: concerns about possible antitrust violations. Last month, the European competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager – who is cementing her reputation as one of the toughest politicians in Europe – talked about the commission’s preliminary conclusion “that Google has abused its dominant position by systematically favouring its comparison shopping service in its search result pages” as part of a statement of objection to the web search giant. “Google has come up with many innovative products that have made a difference to our lives. But that doesn’t give Google the right to deny other companies the chance to compete and innovate,” she said in the statement. “Today, we have further strengthened our case that Google has unduly favoured its own comparison shopping service in its general search result pages. It means consumers may not see the most relevant results to their search queries. We have also raised concerns that Google has hindered competition by limiting the ability of its competitors to place search adverts on third party websites, which stifles consumer choice and innovation.” In a statement, Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook, said the commission’s claim “has no basis in fact or in law”. “We never asked for, nor did we receive, any special deals … We are confident that the Commission’s order will be reversed.” More news Topics Apple Tax and spending Corporate governance Dell Microsoft More… Facebook Intel European commission Margrethe Vestager Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Top 10 Dividend Stocks to Buy in September The Street Brian Bollinger 8/31/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Michael Nagle/Bloomberg/Getty Images ​The Apple Inc. logo is displayed at the Upper West Side Apple store in New York. As the stock market keeps reaching for new highs, there is risk of overvaluation. Historically, September and October are normally the most volatile months. It is times like these that are especially important to find safe dividend stocks. Here are 10 companies for the period ahead that offer extremely safe dividends with yields over 2%. Each company ranks very high using our proprietary Dividend Safety Scores and should provide safe, growing income. Furthermore, these stocks do not appear to be extremely overvalued like many other blue-chip dividend stocks in the market today. Let's take a look at some of top dividend stocks to consider buying in September. 1. Apple Apple is arguably the world's greatest brand name in consumer electronic devices and digital media. When it comes to hip, slick and cool, the iPhone, iPad and Mac brands are it. The ubiquitous iPhone contributed 66% to last years $233.7 billion in revenues; the iPad had 10% of sales. The Mac family of computer products totaled 11% and then things like iTunes, iCloud etc chipped in 9%. All the other stuff added up to 4%. Apple is so large and successful that the "other" category still amounts to $10 billion. This amount is greater than the GDP of many small countries. Roughly 40% of Apple's revenue is generated in the U.S. China comes next at 25%, Europe at 21% and Asia 14%. Virtually anywhere in the world the company's familiar logo is a status symbol. Over the past 20+ years, Apple has carved out a leadership position in a highly competitive and rapidly changing world. Innovation is critical and yet offers a rather short-lived advantage. At least up to his death in 2011, company founder Steven Jobs kept Apple in the forefront of innovation with the iPod, iPhone and iPad. In many ways, the company has become the victim of its own success. These three products are responsible for nearly 80% of the 300 billion units of products sold by Apple. If the path to high growth is no longer well defined, Apple still has much going for it. Its premium priced products and rigid adherence to a policy of no discounting has produced consistently high levels of profitability and cash flow. This is why Apple is one of Warren Buffett's top dividend stock picks. The strong safety of Apple's dividend can be put into perspective by $61 billion in short term cash and $170 billion in what is called long-term investments. Much of this is held offshore but that should be of little concern to investors. (Even this Ireland tax issue should be of little concern.) The current $2.28 per share annual dividend payout offers a 2.1% yield. The payout ratio has hovered around 28% of earnings-per-share (EPS). This is a healthy level because it provides plenty of room for future dividend growth and a nice margin of safety in case business fundamentals unexpectedly declined. The last quarterly dividend increase to $0.57 per share took place in May 2016 with the next bump up expected toward the same time in 2017. For Apple management, there may be questions about where to find future growth, but for dividend investors there are no red flags in Apple's financial statements. The common stock is selling at only 12.5 times earnings or about half of the overall market. Over the past 12 months, Apple's stock has returned -5.7%. Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Click ahead to see nine more dividend stocks worth a look. © Chris Hondros/Getty Images Johnson & Johnson's products photographed in New York. 2. Johnson & Johnson J&J is one of America's largest and most enduring pharmaceutical companies, drawing its origins back more than 130 years. The company is organized into three business segments: Pharmaceutical (45% of sales) Medical Devices (36%) and Consumer (19%). The company is a truly global healthcare business: the United States chips in 52% of JNJ's $70-plus billion in revenues, while International is led by Europe and Asia and provides the balance. The lifeblood of any consumer healthcare company is a constant flow of new products. Johnson & Johnson invests nearly $10 billion on research and also uses its substantial resources for acquisitions. Over the years, this has lead to the creation of a warehouse of highly respected brand names. A short list of the many dozens includes: Listerine, Band-Aid, Tylenol, Johnson's baby products and Neutrogena. The Pharmaceutical Segment consists of 16 top selling prescription products. Only one of these, Remicade, which is used in the treatment of arthritis, represents as much 9% of volume. The Medical Device business is highly diversified with leading positions in Orthopedics, Surgery, Vision Care, Cardiovascular and Diabetes Care. The Food And Drug Administration in the U.S. and similar bodies in most countries regulate the healthcare industry. Gaining FDA approval for new products is both time and capital intensive. Through consolidation, the traditional oligopolistic competition is giving shifting to fewer giant players. The last increase in the quarterly dividend was in April. The new annual rate is $3.20 per share, providing a current yield of 2.7%. Dividend growth has been an above-average 8.8% per year over the past 10 years and 6.9% over the past five. A safe retirement with Johnson & Johnson also means a growing payout. Here is why. Johnson & Johnson pays out just 55% of earnings. The company is also highly profitable (25% operating margins) and generates huge amounts of operating cash flow ($19 billion). A payout ratio of as much as 75% would not harm the company's ability to achieve the 6.5% earnings growth anticipated in coming years, and dividend growth should follow suit. Dividends have been paid for almost 100 years and increased annually for at least the last 43, making Johnson & Johnson a dividend aristocrat. © Toby Jorrin/Getty Images The AT&T Communications Inc. corporate headquarters building in San Antonio, Texas.  3. AT&T The days of AT&T's monopoly of telephone business ended with its breakup in 1984. Since then the company has adapted well and remains near the top of a far more dynamic communications world. These days, AT&T's diverse array of communication services are managed by four groups: Business Solutions (49% of sales), Entertainment Group (24%), Consumer Mobility (24%), and International (3%). The legacy telephone business that defined AT&T from its 1880's origins is in a long-term decline. For the last 30-plus years the shift to mobile phones and the Internet have provided an important counter balance. In addition, AT&T has made a number of acquisitions both to consolidate its nationwide telecom footprint and to create a more diverse business mix. The most recent is the 2015 purchase of DirectTV that adds growth assets to the Entertainment Group. AT&T's Telecom and Entertainment businesses are industries of giants. The cost of entry to this club is enormous. The past three decades has been marked by consolidation of the major industry players. No doubt this will continue as sectors like wireless and entertainment mature. Studying a company's balance sheet is critical to gain an understanding of its dividend safety, especially for capital-intensive businesses. Companies will always make debt payments before distributing dividends, and companies with too much debt can be at greater risk of dividend cuts if financial results unexpectedly deteriorate. AT&T's balance sheet is in reasonable. The company has $7.2 billion in cash and long-term debt is 49% of total capital. Major credit agencies have handed the company investment-grade ratings as well. The shares offer a current yield of 4.7%. The $1.92 per share dividend was last increased at year-end 2015, and we would expect another gain this year as well. The prospective dividend is likely to range between $1.96 and $2.00 per share. AT&T is one of the most durable and safest dividend-paying stocks in the market, making it a favorite source of income for conservative retirees. © Craig Warga/Bloomberg/Getty Images Pedestrians pass in front of a Wells Fargo & Co. bank branch in New York, U.S., on Monday, April 7, 2014. Craig Warga/Bloomberg/Getty Images 4. Wells Fargo Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo ranks third in assets and first in market value among all U.S. banks. Its familiar stagecoach logo shows up on over 13,000 ATMs and 8,700 branch locations in the U.S. and on representative offices in 36 countries. The company employs a massive 265,000 members and claims to serve over 30% of American households. Wells Fargo is highly diversified. While 53% of income comes from the net spread between Wells Fargo's borrowing costs and lending income, the remaining 47% comes from a diverse group of fees for things like trust and investments, credit cards, mortgages and investment banking. No single source accounts for more than 15% of the total pie at Wells Fargo. All facets of the bank industry are both highly competitive and tightly regulated at the Federal and state level. In the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2008, new regulations were enacted requiring higher levels of reserves. Interest spreads, upon which the company earns almost half it income, have continued to tighten over this period. During the financial crisis, Wells Fargo revenues declined 4%, which is less than average for the banking sector. And, while the net interest margin at Wells Fargo has narrowed, other measures of performance have trended forwarded. In recent years the share of interest income has risen at Wells Fargo while return on invested capital has fully recovered to approach historic highs. This is an important distinction for investors as it reflects a strong corporate culture in the lending department and the ability to quickly adapt to tightened regulations. Wells Fargo was forced to reduce it dividend during the financial crisis but has since recovered, reaching record levels last year. The current $1.52 per share annual payout offers investors an above average 3.3% yield. The payout ratio is 37% of EPS and 67% of free cash flow. In the case of financial industry companies where non-cash charges can distort results, cash flow is a more reliable indicator of financial performance and indicates the company's dividend remains safe. © Chris Hondros/Newsmakers/Getty Images The Verizon Communications'' headquarters in New York is shown Aug. 7, 2000, on the second day of a strike against the company, formerly known as Bell Atlantic. Negotiators for the telecommunications giant and two unions for the workers continued to work through contract issues involving working conditions and union representation for employees. (Photo by Chris Hondros/Newsmakers) 5. Verizon When it comes to connecting people and business in telecommunications, Verizon is one of the world's largest and most respected companies. Wireless represents the lion's share of business at 70% and 93% of operating income, while Wireline brings in the remaining 30% of revenues and 7% of income. Within these two categories reside a vast array of products and services from voice and data services broadband video, corporate networking and security solutions. Verizon is a highly diversified giant serving hundreds of millions of people in the U.S. and around the world. Verizon's greatest strength is it wireless business where it is generally ranked No. 1 in service coverage and call quality throughout the U.S. It is not easy to compete in the mobile industry. The number of government issued licenses for spectrum is limited. The substantial cost of these licenses combined with the construction of wireless networks conveys upon the major operators oligopolistic status. Verizon, formally known as Bell Atlantic, was created by the 1984 breakup of AT&T and has been paying quarterly dividends continuously since. Increases have been made each year since 2006, making the company a dividend achiever. Over the past ten years, dividend growth has averaged 3.8% per year with a 2.6% rate in the past five. The latest quarterly dividend of $0.565 per share was declared on July 6. An increase to $0.575 in the third quarter would be consistent with patterns of the past. Verizon pays out a conservative 50% of earnings while retaining ample reserves for capital expenditures or acquisitions. In the last 12 months, Verizon's operating cash flow amounted to a solid $36 billion, thus insuring both the safety of the current dividend and the ability to increase future payouts. © Albert Gea/Reuters A visitor walks past a Cisco advertising panel as she looks at her mobile phone at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona February 27, 2014. 6. Cisco Cisco Systems is all about telecommunications and products that form the backbone of the Internet. Since the Internet reaches most everywhere on the globe, so does Cisco's business. The Cisco world includes nine interrelated categories: Switching (32% of sales), Routing (14%), Collaboration (9%), Data Center (7%), Service Provider Video (7%), Wireless (5%), Security (4%), Services (22%) and Other (1%). Cisco Systems was once the Cinderella story of technology, churning out quarter after quarter of high double-digit growth as the world thirst for greater Internet bandwidth appeared insatiable. There is still much to be done, but the days of blazing growth have given way to a more moderate revenue growth of 2.6% per year over the last five years. Cisco is still a huge cash generator. The company ended last year with $63 billion in the bank and $13 billion coming though in operating cash flow. This means Cisco can snatch up a big acquisition to refuel growth and still go on growing dividends. That much flexibility is what makes for good total return prospects. Cisco is a relative newcomer to the dividend world, having declared its first quarterly dividend payment of just 6 cents per share. Since then, Cisco's per share payout has reached 26 cents, offering dividend investors an above average 3.3% yield. Even with this giant-sized increase, Cisco's payout ratio is only 45%. The company's horde of cash and predictable earnings results add further strength to the dividend's safety. Cisco stock is also well worth consideration for total return. The stocks price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 15-times is below the S&P 500 but offers reasonable earnings prospects in addition to its well above average dividend yield. After underperforming during much of the last year, the stock has attracted renewed investor attention since late June. Cisco is starting to cause a stir. © Jonathan Alcorn/Bloomberg File photo of the entrance to the Walt Disney Co. Studios international headquarters building in Burbank, Calif 7. The Walt Disney Co. Early in the morning on a hot summer day, thousands of people line up for the opportunity to pay the $100 park admission fee that gives them the right to wait in more lines to experience the "happiest place on earth," Disney World. For most, this is hardly the description of happy. It is a telling reminder, however, of the power The Walt Disney Company has to provide satisfying family entertainment. Disney now has four of these Magic Kingdoms worldwide that represent the second largest source of business (31% of sales). These days Media Networks like ABC and ESPN lead the way (44%). The balance consists of Studio Produced Entertainment (14%), the sale of Mickey Mouse ears and other Consumer Products (9%) and Interactive (2%). Disney competes with virtually everyone trying to capture a share of consumer spending as well as their time and attention. By any measure, Disney has had greater success with diversification through acquisitions than most. This has been a matched by an equal amount of internal growth. Disney's success is evident in the consistently high operating margins that are important to providing cash for daily activities. In addition, the company has produced a steadily rising trend of return on invested capital and equity. This is a sure sign the company is finding opportunities to reinvest for growth either through it recent opening of Disneyland in China or new venues for digital entertainment. Disney's business model has proven resilient to economic forces. During the financial crisis, revenues fell just 4%. The company held its dividend flat during the worst years of the recession. The current $1.42 per share annual dividend payout offers investors a yield of 1.5%. Since resuming dividend growth in 2010, the annual payout has increased over four fold to current levels yet still represents a modest 25% of EPS. This is a good indicator that the dividend is highly safe and that the company has the ability to finance current operations, invest for future growth and still leave room for higher dividend payments. © Kena Betancur/Getty Images Employees walk past a Merck sign in front of the company's building on October 2, 2013 in Summit, New Jersey. The pharmaceutical company Merck & Co. announced today that it would cut 8,500 jobs and consolidate its real estate in Kenilworth, New Jersey instead of moving its headquarters to Summit as previously planned. 8. Merck Merck ranks as the world's fifth-largest pharmaceutical company, having grown from its humble founding in 1891 in Kenilworth New Jersey. Unlike some of its industry compatriots, Merck with 88% of revenue coming from human pharmaceuticals and 8% from veterinarian drugs ranks as one of the purest concentrations in the business. The nine largest drugs account for approximately 40% of global business sources. The list of blockbusters is quite diverse, ranging from it leading cardiovascular (Zetin), Diabetic (Januvia), HIV (Isentress) to Respertory (Singulair) and Immunology (Remicade). The demand for healthcare isn't sensitive to the economy. It keeps going up year after year as the population continues to age. That's good because it makes for stable and predictable demand. But there is one cloud in this sunny outlook. Pharmaceutical companies face patent cliffs and are the focus of efforts under the Affordable Care Act to restrain drug price inflation. Such efforts have not been entirely successful; there has been a reduction in the overall rate of price increases. Merck's degree of concentration means it could have a higher level of revenue risk to these factors. Merck's business is research-intensive and highly competitive. Merck invests slightly less than $7 billion in research, a total that has trended down from $8.4 billion five years ago but remains ahead of many smaller rivals peers. At present, Merck has 14 existing products with patent expiration in 2020 and beyond, as well as 12 formulations in phase 3 testing. So it appears that Merck is getting its money's worth in research investment and could see earnings growth pickup in the coming years. Merck generates well above average operating margins and free cash flow, an important element to financing existing business and having the ability to pay dividends. The current $1.84 per share dividend payout offers an above average 2.9% yield. The current payout ratio of EPS is distorted by certain non-cash charges, so Merck's payout ratio of 53% of free cash flow may be a better measure. Combine this with nearly $12 billion in Merck's bank account, and that spells dividend safety. The dividend policy has been a slow steady approach with the last quarterly increase of 2.2% in December 2015. With revenue growth registering at -3% per year over the past five years, there is only limited internal need for capital and with diminishing returns on invested capital, this is a sign of a mature business that has the ability to increase it payout. © Sipa USA/Rex Features Google"s ambitious health startup is teaming up with biotechnology drugmaker AbbVie in a $500 million joint venture. 9. AbbVie The company was created in the 2014 spin-off from Abbott Labs. AbbVie operates as a pure biotech researcher, developer and marketer of treatments for some of the world's rare and complex diseases. Over $4 billion is invested in research into Crohn's and Parkinson's disease, as well as Hepatitis C, HIV, Cyctic Fibrosis and various other autoimmune deficiencies. The fruits of this research spending have been bountiful. AbbVie has 30 new products in various stages of development. Searching for a cure to rare disease positions companies like AbbVie with the opportunity to create potential blockbuster drugs. Success can drive billions in revenues, profits, stock prices and dividends. At the same time, the majority of new drug research is unproductive. AbbVie is pursuing a large number of promising compounds in various stages of phase 2 and 3 development. This hedges research investment risks and, with such a large number in the pipeline, it is a positive qualitative measure. Some product diversification is also evident in the 30-plus drug treatments that comprise AbbVie's $22 billion revenue base. With a historic and five-year projected annual earnings growth rate of about 18%, operating margins of more than 30% and free cash flow of $4.28 per share, AbbVie is establishing high performance standards. Rarely do we find an above average growth company with an equally above average dividend yield. The current $2.28 per share payout offers investors a 3.6% yield. Since the spin-off from Abbott Labs, the quarterly dividend has increased over 40% and with a payout of 48% of free cash flow, this ratio can at least be maintained. Based on consensus profit projections this would allow for double-digit annual dividend growth. © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf speaks during a press event at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center for the 2014 International CES on January 6, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. 10. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been riding on the back of the mobile communication's racehorse since its founding in 1986. It holds over 17,000 mobile patents worldwide that are hugely profitable and generate 30% of total corporate revenues. The other 70% of the business is in the design, fabrication and sale of mobile chips to smartphone companies like Apple, Samsung and others. The company has long been the biggest innovator in cell phone chips, processors and modems that are the key to connecting the world wirelessly. When it comes to the Smartphone and all other forms of mobile communication, Qualcomm wins the lottery but it's not been a matter of luck. In the past five years more than $25 billion has been invested in research and development. Smartphones reached over 1.4 billion units by the end of 2015. Mobile devices are projected to reach a global market of that equates to virtually the entire worlds population by 2019 with Smartphone's accounting for 95% of the total. In addition, historic increases in data traffic are taking place from 4K-video and the Internet of Things (IoT). What makes Qualcomm special in addition to an annual $2.12 per share dividend that offers investors an above average dividend yield of 3.4%, is its growth. First, there is the 10-year compound dividend per share growth of 18.5% and 20.2% over the last five years. Then there is the moderate 46% payout ratio and the Wall Street projection for earnings to grow 12% annually in the years ahead. While all this good news for dividend investors, we almost forgot to mention the $4.8 billion in free cash flow and the $17+ billion in Qualcomm's bank account. This means there are ample reserves to grow both the business and the dividends. More on MSN Money: 6 reliable dividend stocks paying out for 100 years or more Don't Make These 6 Credit Card Mistakes How to spot an investment scam Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street Health Care, Banks Lead Game Strategy for Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/6/17) The Street The 10 weirdest jobs held by US presidents The Street Mexico's Interjet Grounds 11 Russian Aircraft, Cancels 30 Flights to U.S. The Street Constellation Adds Another American Craft Whiskey Maker to Fold The Street The Street View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs All News Year in Review State Papers Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks 1916 Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Hundreds sign petition to use Apple taxes for social housing People Before Profit stages street meeting in Dublin following EU Commission ruling Wed, Aug 31, 2016, 20:51 Aine McMahon Members of the public in Dublin sign a People Before Profit petition calling on the Government to take the €13bn owed by Apple in taxes and spend it on social housing. Photograph: Alan Betson/The Irish Times         Several hundred people have signed a People Before Profit petition calling on the Government to use the €13 billion owed by Apple in back taxes to build more social housing. People Before Profit held a street meeting outside the GPO in Dublin on Wednesday to call on the Government to take the money following an EU ruling. On Tuesday, the European Commission ruled that Ireland was owed at least €13 billion in taxes from Apple. The European Commission said subsequently that the Government would not be obligated to use the €13 billion to pay down its national debt, following claims to the contrary by Minister for Finance Michael Noonan. Mr Noonan had said budgetary rules meant the Government would have to use the money to pay off the State’s national debt, estimated at €204 billion. Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules However, European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso said that this would not be the case. “The amounts that are recovered by a member state in a stated investigation simply go back to the member state’s budget and it can then, of course, use it according to its own decisions,” Mr Cardoso said. Petition People Before Profit spokesman Kieran Allen said hundreds of people had signed their petition calling on the Government to use the money from Apple to build more social housing. “Apple has been found to owe the Government €13 billion in tax and the Government is trying to rush it through so they can make an appeal. “If they make an appeal, the money will be locked away for years, whereas we estimate that money could be used to build 86,000 social houses,” said Mr Allen. “It is the equivalent of our education budget, as the money is probably worth around €20 billion with interest, so you could solve or transform the country with that money,” he said. ADVERTISEMENT “The Government is so committed to a model of Irish society built on tax havens that it’s only concern is its reputation amongst tax dodgers and big corporations that can dodge tax here. “It doesn’t seem to worry about its reputation for how many people are homeless or the state of its hospitals. “We have had a great reaction from people on O’Connell Street from all over the country and have received hundreds of signatures on the petition,” he said.       Topics: Kieran Allen Michael Noonan Ricardo Cardoso Eu European Commission People Before Profit Alliance Apple Dublin(IE) Ireland Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Leading US politicians criticise EU ruling on Apple Apple’s €13bn Irish tax bill does not contain seeds of change Apple claims it paid $800m tax on European profits in 2014 Business Podcast: Making sense of the Apple ruling Independent Ministers demand early recall of Dáil to debate Apple appeal Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Health At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ Opinion Martyn Turner Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre District Court ‘Nothing as appalling as a liar’: Driver committed perjury - judge ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Ireland OPW mulled range of alternative temporary venues for Seanad 01:00 At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ 01:00 Garda gets power to seize cars driven by disqualified motorists 01:00 Ageing Ireland: Living longer and cleaner brings its own problems 01:00 Hotel set to house refugees linked to other Ballaghaderreen properties 01:00 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in News 1 Owners to be accountable if car driven by unaccompanied learner 2 ‘Nothing as appalling as a liar’: Driver committed perjury - judge 3 At least five shot dead at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida 4 Ballaghadarreen locals conflicted over refugee influx 5 Putin ordered interference in US election, agencies claim Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Features & Opinion Ballaghadarreen locals conflicted over refugee influx Many residents open to migrants but unhappy with how news was announced Thinking Anew – A sense of belonging Authorities unlikely to use Nama-owned commercial property for housing Fears about social housing concentration also leading councils to reject homes Road to modular houses has been anything but rapid Ministers have made promises that local authorities have been unable to keep Irish Times News Follow @IrishTimesNews News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Mobile Image Source: Mesut Designs You should be excited that Apple’s iPhone 7 is killing the headphone jack Chris Smith @chris_writes August 31st, 2016 at 3:15 PM Share Tweet Plenty of people are complaining about Apple’s rumored decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 even before the device is announced. And there’s no question at all that the complaining will continue after the new iPhones debut next week. But the move makes perfect sense to anyone who has been following Apple’s iPhone closely. Now, a new Apple innovation further reinforces the idea that we should be extremely excited to see the 3.5mm headphone jack go away. DON’T MISS: The latest evidence of a 256GB iPhone 7 comes directly from Apple New technology described in an Apple patent application that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office published on Tuesday would allow Apple to create touch-sensing display surfaces using Liquidmetal technology. How is that even remotely interesting beyond the fact that it contains the word “Liquidmetal”? And how is it related to the headphone jack? Well, think about everything you may have heard about Apple’s future iPhone. It’s supposed to offer a curved edge display next year and possibly a wraparound screen in the future. The iPhone of the future will also lack physical buttons, including the home button, whose functionality will be handled by 3D Touch. That means you could have a big-screen, bezel-free iPhone with curved edges and a touch-friendly back. Removing the headphone jack not only frees up space inside the phone for extra components and a bigger battery, but it also eliminates a point of entry for water. More importantly, it lets Apple increase the screen size without making the phone bigger. It’s only a matter of time before battery charging will go wireless in iPhones as well, and when it does, Apple’s iPhone might not have any physical ports at all. Then we’d have the perfect iPhone. With no buttons and no ports, the phone would feature an amazing design. The new patent at hand, first discovered by Apple Insider, doesn’t paint a picture of this future iPhone. But it offers one of the building blocks Apple needs to achieve it. Apple explains that the technology could become “a part of the touch sensing system that senses one or more touches on or near the display.” “The present embodiments combine a number of unique features that allow for new applications not before possible,” Apple explains. “Because the touch sensor has very low power requirements, it is beneficial for use in battery operated or low power applications such as laptop, portable computers, and PDAs.” And yes, the iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV are mentioned in the patent, by name. Again, the use of such a component in an iPhone that has a wraparound display with built-in buttons would make plenty of sense. Just like any other Apple patent, this Liquidmetal innovation might not be found in commercial products anytime soon. But it certainly is an exciting invention, especially if you consider everything else Apple is rumored to be planning for future iPhone models. Tags: Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7 View Comments Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 Business The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine Picked For You Leaked photo may be our first ever look at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith January 5th at 9:41 AM Nvidia made a Google Home that’s better than Google Home By Chris Smith January 5th at 1:01 PM Only power users know about these secret iPhone features By Zach Epstein January 5th at 12:11 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:36 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple iPhone 7 Release: 5 Reasons The Price Is Worth The Upgrade, New Color Plus Storage Space By Cortney Drakeford On 08/31/16 AT 3:45 PM Close With all the iPhone 7 rumors looming, Apple has finally sent out media invitations to an event that will likely result in the reveal of the company’s newest mobile devices. The company has said there will be an announcement Sept. 7. Phone Arena reported the iPhone 7 prices were leaked in Chinese Yuan. The rumored priced of the phones can be found below. iPhone 7 32 GB - ¥5288 ($790) 128 GB - ¥6088 ($910) 256 GB - ¥7088 ($1,060) iPhone 7 Plus 32 GB - ¥6088 ($910) 128 GB - ¥ 6888 ($1,030) 256 GB - ¥7888 ($1,180) Although it may seem pricey, you are getting more bang for your buck this time around with plenty of new features. Check out the five reasons why the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is worth the price upgrade. 1. More storage! In the past Apple has only offered up to 128GB when it comes to storage, leaving customers to deal with the annoying message that the device doesn’t have enough space after snapping too many pictures or downloading too many apps. The company is now rumored to be offering customers the option to buy phones up to 256GB and is also getting rid of the 16GB model. 2. Longer battery life. The new device is expected to feature a fast changing technology that will give the phone several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging. 3. More colors! Leaked images of the new phone have been floating around the internet with several photos showing a blue iPhone. Apple has already introduced rose gold, gold and silver to the iPhone family. The addition of a blue device would give customers another decision to make when deciding which iPhone best fits into their life. 4. Better camera quality. Related Stories More Storage, Same Price For New iPhone iPhone 7 Successor Iris Scanner To Replace Touch ID? Customers willing to shell out some extra cash for the iPhone 7 Plus will be able to enjoy the dual-lens camera which allows for an increase in light sensitivity and makes it easier for the user to achieve the desired effect, particularly in blurring backgrounds, according to iTech Post. 5. Waterproof iPhone? iPhone users may no longer have to worry about mistakenly dropping their phones in water. The iPhone 7 is rumored to have full water resistance similar to competitors like Samsung. The Apple event is scheduled to take place at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco at 10 a.m. local time. Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home CES 2017 search Apple adds 2TB iCloud tier: Here's what it costs and how to get it Elyse Betters31 August 2016Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has introduced a new storage tier for iCloud. While the previous high-end tier capped out at 1TB, the Cupertino, CA-based company has extended how much stuff you can save to its cloud storage service to 2TB. Here's everything you need to know, including how much the 2TB option costs and how to get it. What is iCloud? Apple iCloud is a cloud-storage subscription service. It's available for iOS devices, Macs, and Windows PCs, and apart from letting you store all your files and data, it lets you access all your stuff from any device. When you sign up for iCloud (whether as an iOS user or Mac user), you automatically get 5GB of free storage. You can use that storage for backups, iCloud Photo Library, iCloud Drive, Mail, and more. Your purchased music, movies, apps, books, TV shows, and shared albums don’t count against your free storage. If you need more iCloud storage, you can pay for more. There are now four tiers available, starting at 50GB of space and capping out at 2TB. You're billed every month for your storage plan unless you cancel by downgrading. You'll also get an email every month to alert you of upcoming payments. How much is the 2TB option? You’ll still be able to pay $0.99 (£0.79) a month for 50GB, $2.99 (£2.49) for 200GB, or $9.99 (£6.99) for 1TB, but now you can get a 2TB option for $19.99 (£13.99). The pricing is similar to Google Drive, which starts at $9.99 a month for 1TB. When you choose a new storage plan, Apple immediately cancels your existing plan and charges you the prorated cost of the larger plan. How do you get 2TB of iCloud space? Apple has this support page that explains everything you need to know. You can buy more iCloud storage from your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or PC. iPhone and iPad On your iOS device, go to Settings > iCloud > Storage. Tap Buy More Storage or Change Storage Plan. Select a plan, then tap Buy, and enter your Apple ID password. Mac On your Mac, select Apple menu > System Preferences, then click iCloud. Click Manage in the lower-right corner. Click Buy More Storage or Change Storage Plan. Select a plan, then click Next, and enter your Apple ID password. Want to know more? Apple has this support page with more details on the new tier and pricing across the globe. Sections Apple Phones Laptops Apps Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best budget smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy for under £200 Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? Huawei Mate 9 Pro preview: The Mate we wanted all along Huge picture leaks seemingly confirm Samsung Galaxy S8 design Mobile World Congress 2017: Smartphones, smartphones, smartphones to expect HTC Ocean: What's the story on HTC 11? Samsung Galaxy A5 preview: Premium feel at a mid-range price LG G6: What's the story so far? HTC One X10 leaks as an odd mid-range 2017 update LG confirms the G6 smartphone will have no modules Google Tango gets another phone in the Asus ZenFone AR Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? Huawei Mate 9 Pro preview: The Mate we wanted all along CES 2017: All the announcements that matter Huge picture leaks seemingly confirm Samsung Galaxy S8 design Best TVs of CES 2017: Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, LG OLED and more Best headphones and speakers at CES 2017: Audio Technica, AKG, Sennheiser and more What is HDR, what TVs support HDR, and what HDR content can I watch? This is Project Neon, the new look Windows 10 Best smartwatches and fitness trackers of CES 2017: Casio, New Balance, Garmin and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Economy Apple tries to lure Japanese from cash at the turnstile Bidders vie to take home naked Donald Trump Business Standard EU show of might with record Apple tax demand may be Brexit boon Bloomberg  September 1, 2016 Last Updated at 00:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THYA0E Just when you thought the European Union was down, it's delivered a blow that shows you can't count it out. In taking a bite out of Apple, the beleaguered bloc has gone where the US feared to tread and demonstrated that it still has clout when it comes to taking on corporate giants. The move is a powerful reminder to the UK that in patrolling the terms of access to its half a billion consumers, the EU punches its global weight. There's something else as well. By ordering the world's richest company to pay Ireland a record 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes, ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : American Express® is proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Apple | Tax Demand | Brexit PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? The Power of the Hybrid Cloud EU show of might with record Apple tax demand may be Brexit boon Just when you thought the European Union was down, it's delivered a blow that shows you can't count it out Just when you thought the European Union was down, it's delivered a blow that shows you can't count it out. In taking a bite out of Apple, the beleaguered bloc has gone where the US feared to tread and demonstrated that it still has clout when it comes to taking on corporate giants. The move is a powerful reminder to the UK that in patrolling the terms of access to its half a billion consumers, the EU punches its global weight. There's something else as well. By ordering the world's richest company to pay Ireland a record 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes, ... Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 EU show of might with record Apple tax demand may be Brexit boon Just when you thought the European Union was down, it's delivered a blow that shows you can't count it out. In taking a bite out of Apple, the beleaguered bloc has gone where the US feared to tread and demonstrated that it still has clout when it comes to taking on corporate giants. The move is a powerful reminder to the UK that in patrolling the terms of access to its half a billion consumers, the EU punches its global weight. There's something else as well. By ordering the world's richest company to pay Ireland a record 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes, ... Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Slate Sign In Sign Up The EU Is on a Crusade to Make Apple Pay More Taxes The EU Is on a Crusade to Make Apple Pay More Taxes Slate Sign In Sign Up ASU | NEW AMERICA | SLATE Learn more about Future Tense » Slate Future Tense The Citizen's Guide to the Future Aug. 31 2016 3:27 PM The EU Is on a Crusade to Make Apple Pay More Taxes. There’s a Bigger Problem It Can’t Fix. By Adam Chodorow   Tim Cook has a $14 billion migraine. Stephen Lam/Getty Images Everyone involved in the European Union’s crusade to make Apple pay more taxes has a reason to be pissed off. The tech giant, livid EU officials say, has dodged more than $14 billion in taxes in Ireland, where its European operations are based. Apple is outraged, obviously—and astoundingly, so is Ireland. American politicians and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, who routinely lambast domestic companies for shifting profits to overseas tax havens, are enraged that the European Union is targeting U.S. firms who have allegedly received sweetheart deals from Ireland and other countries. The politicians are clearly pandering, but the Treasury knows that if Ireland taxes Apple’s profits, that money will effectively come out of its own coffers. So who, amid the uproar, is right? The conflagration involves three distinct issues that have become mixed up together. The first is tax competition, which can amount to impermissible state aid, depending on how it plays out. The EU is accusing Ireland of giving special tax deals to Apple that are unavailable to other taxpayers. Apple and Ireland disagree, which is part of why Ireland is so angry that it has been ordered to collect an extra $14 billion from Apple. Advertisement Most agree that states should not directly subsidize businesses, and that they should have full control over their own tax systems. In some cases, however, targeted tax breaks can amount to subsidies. The U.S. did something similar a few years back when it gave special tax breaks to exporters; after the World Trade Organization ruled against those breaks, those provisions were replaced with a tax deduction for manufacturing. While EU member states are free to set their own tax rates, the EU has decided they should not compete with each other by offering special deals to companies. The goal is to prevent companies from playing countries off against one another when contemplating where to locate their operations. The claim here is that Ireland offered a special tax deal to Apple so that it would locate in Ireland. Ireland’s statutory corporate rate is a low 12.5 percent—far lower than its EU counterparts—but Apple has found a way to pay a tiny fraction of that. It is certainly possible that Apple’s tax lawyers have figured how to game the system in a way that others can only dream of, but Occam’s razor and what is almost certain to be a thorough and well-reasoned EU competition report (which will be available as soon as any confidential information is removed) strongly suggest the existence of an improper sweetheart deal. The second issue—one that won’t be resolved even if Apple and Ireland lose their promised appeal—is the ability of multinational companies to shift their profits to low- or no-tax countries. A large part of what made the Ireland deal, reportedly a tax rate of .005 percent, so lucrative was that Apple was able to shift almost all of its profits earned in Europe to the island nation. This is accomplished primarily by locating its intellectual property in Ireland and sucking most of the European profits out of Europe through licensing fees. Nothing about the EU’s case against Ireland and Apple will solve this problem. Instead, the international community needs to come together to figure out ways to prevent multinational companies from shifting profits to low-tax countries via paper transactions. Finally, there is the question of tax credits, and why the Treasury supports Apple’s attempts to avoid foreign taxes, despite the grumbling that it also appears to avoid U.S. taxes. One of the core principles of international tax is that income should be taxed only once. Where a taxpayer resides in one country but earns income in another, this can get tricky.  While the U.S. taxes citizens on their worldwide income, it also offers tax credits for foreign taxes paid. This means that the most that a taxpayer will owe is the U.S. rate, assuming that foreign taxes are lower than U.S. taxes. Put differently, we deduct from U.S. taxes owed any income taxes paid to foreign governments. While the tax credit regime avoids the deadly sin of double taxation, it means that we effectively subsidize other countries. The more they tax, the less we collect. So, how does this play into the current mess? Although we tax U.S. companies on their worldwide income, there is a key exception for money earned by foreign corporate subsidiaries. Such income is typically not taxed until a dividend is issued to the American parent company. This is the reason American corporations have amassed $2 trillion overseas that they refuse to repatriate. And this is why the Treasury Department is outraged. If Ireland collects $14 billion of taxes from Apple, Apple will simply turn around and use that $14 billion to offset its U.S. tax liability if it brings that money home. The current kerfuffle is focused primarily on whether Ireland offered Apple a special deal that amounts to a subsidy. However, the far more important question is how to address profit shifting by multinational corporations. Current reform efforts in the U.S. are focused on lowering corporate rates or switching to a territorial system where the U.S. taxes only those profits earned in the U.S., letting other countries tax profits earned within their boundaries. However, the ability to shift profits is something like the black hole at the center of our galaxy. We can fiddle around the edges, but unless we do something drastic about it, it is only a matter of time before it eats everything. Perhaps the best solution would be to create a formulary system similar to that currently used in the U.S. to allocate income among states. Under such a system, income is distributed to states based on a variety of factors, such as sales, capital, and payroll located within the different states. While companies can affect their taxes by moving equipment and people around, the changes reflect real-world changes and not just paper transactions. However, this solution would require significant international cooperation and coordination—and politically would almost certainly be dead on arrival. As this is a family publication, I will not comment on our politicians’ contributions to this debate. Suffice it to say, despite the prior bipartisan lambasting of Apple for avoiding U.S. taxes by shifting profits to tax havens, the wind appears to have shifted directions, and we now see bipartisan rooting for Apple to dodge its possible Irish tax bill. Go team! Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. Adam Chodorow is a professor of law at the Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law at Arizona State University who has written on tax topics from the sublime to the ridiculous. His other scholarship can be found here.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS Note ban takes toll on terror; Pak counterfeit presses close, Kashmir violence dips 60% Five dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 06 Janmarket stats SENSEX 26,759-119.01 NIFTY 50 8,244-30.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 27,890-58.00 USD/INR 67.96-0.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Samsung updates smartwatch, Lenovo ditches laptop keyboard By AP | Updated: Sep 01, 2016, 01.05 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SmartWatch | Samsung | Lenovo | GPS | Apple Samsung will still sell last year's S2 to those who consider the S3 too big on their wrist. NEW YORK: Samsung's next smartwatch will come with GPS capabilities and the ability to call or text for help by triple-tapping a side button. The new Gear S3 retains the circular design of the current S2 model, but is slightly larger. Samsung will still sell last year's S2 to those who consider the S3 too big on their wrist. As with the S2, the outer ring of the watch face rotates to let you scroll through notifications and apps. Interface improvements include the ability to accept or reject calls with the ring rather than a swipe of the screen. The S3 will come in three flavors. One has LTE cellular capabilities, allowing people to make calls, receive notifications and check weather without a companion phone nearby. A data plan costs extra. The other two models lack LTE and differ primarily in style. Samsung said prices will be announced closer to the devices' availability later in the year. Samsung announced the new watch lineup Wednesday at the IFA tech show in Berlin. The Gear smartwatches have had impressive designs and battery life, but have been hampered largely by a dearth of apps, as many developers write for Apple Watch and Android Wear devices instead. All three S3 models will have GPS, making them more accurate for workouts. In the S2, GPS was limited to a pricier model with cellular capabilities (on the slower 3G network). GPS, so far, isn't common in smartwatches, allowing Samsung to stand out with the S3. Although GPS tends to drain battery quickly, Samsung expects at least three days of battery life in the S3. Meanwhile, the emergency-calling feature echoes the "SOS" feature coming to the Apple Watch this fall. Where the Apple Watch will call 911 or the relevant emergency service elsewhere directly, though, the S3 will call or text emergency contacts, such as friends or relatives. These will be pre-recorded or pre-written messages. For an extra recurring fee, which has yet to be announced, S3 users will also be able to make a live call to ADT's security dispatchers, who would then be able to call 911 or offer other help. The S3 also comes with expanded ability to make payments at stores through Samsung Pay. And the watch's always-on feature improves with a display of millions of colors, rather than just 16 before. Something missing in a laptop Also at the IFA tech show, Lenovo unveiled a twist on the laptop: Its new Yoga Book won't have a physical keyboard. It's an odd choice, given that Apple, Samsung and other tablet makers are pushing professional tablet models with keyboard accessories. Those companies are hoping to appeal to businesses and individuals looking to replace their laptops. In Lenovo's case, the 10-inch Yoga Book retains the clamshell design of the laptop, but puts a second touch screen where the keyboard normally goes. People can type on a touch-screen keyboard there, or just write or draw on that second screen with an included stylus. You can even use a regular pen or pencil, though you'd want to put a sheet of paper over the screen to avoid damage. Although Lenovo calls Yoga Book a tablet, the keyboard part isn't detachable, making the device a laptop. The keyboard, though, can fold all the way to the back to make the device feel more like a tablet. Lenovo says the Yoga Book is 9.6 millimeters (0.38 inch) thick, slightly more than the thickest iPad at 7.5 millimeters. Jeff Meredith, a Lenovo vice president, said the Yoga Book might not be appropriate for extensive typing, but should be suitable for people - especially younger people - who now use the phone's touch screen to respond to email at night or even take notes in classrooms. He added that when BlackBerrys were still popular, people couldn't imagine getting rid of physical keyboards on their phones, either. The Yoga Book will start shipping in the coming weeks. An Android version will cost $500, and Windows will be $600. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA VIRAL GALLERY Invest a fraction of the property value & get monthly rents Property Share MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES The party destination to be at for New Year's eve: Mykonos IndiGo grows fleet size, announces 10 additional frequencies Infrastructure From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Baby Manvi needs your support to fight Cancer Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION Own monthly rent generating property for as little as ₹5L Property Share Little Aadithyan needs your urgent help! Milaap German rail giant steps up 'Silk Road' freight line to China Ray IoT receives support from Johnson & Johnson Rahul Gandhi likely to celebrate New Year abroad Apple plans to make iPhones in Bengaluru from April READ MORE ON » SmartWatch | Samsung | Lenovo | GPS | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Customers get Bhim App, but aren’t finding avenues for use India reluctant to give special tax incentives to tech giant Apple Sundar Pichai is back in his campus after 23 years Road ahead not easy, Infosys CEO Sikka tells employees Airtel offers free data for a year to customers who switch to 4G More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Year-End Special 2016|UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Live: Currency Demonetisation|Gold Rate RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times comments Apple Days adds categories to pie-baking contest Pie making 5971.jpg Do all your friends rave about your apple pie? Consider entering the Apple Days baking contest. (Matt Smith | For lehighvalleylive.com) Print Email lehighvalleylive.com staff By lehighvalleylive.com staff The Express-Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 31, 2016 at 2:39 PM, updated August 31, 2016 at 2:57 PM comments Historic Bethlehem Museums & Sites is gearing up for its third annual Apple Days event Saturday, Sept. 10 and Sept. 11 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Burnside Plantation, 1499 Schoenersville Road. New Apple Days baking contest categories include Kids Under 15 on Saturday at 11 a.m. and Gluten Free Apple Treats on Sunday at 11 a.m. Returning this year is the My Favorite Apple Pie category on both Saturday and Sunday at noon.   The contest is open to amateur chefs. Judges will be considering each entry's filling, crust, overall flavor, originality and general appeal. Primary judges are Richard Groman of the famed Groman's Bakery and Mary Grube, host of Easy Eats on WFMZ-TV. HIstoric Bethlehem hosts Apple Days  Registration for the baking contest closes on Sept. 7.   Entries must be prepared at home and brought to Apple Days between 10:45 - 11 a.m. Registration forms are available online and may be completed there or mailed along with a $5 entry fee, payable by check, to Historic Bethlehem Museums & Sites, 74 W. Broad St., Suite 260, Bethlehem, PA 18018.  Admission to the event is $5 a vehicle.  Follow lehighvalleylive.com on Twitter at @lehighvalley. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. THINGS TO DO Look for that perfect recipe Find things to do this week Submit an event Most Read Entertainment Listings Events Music Food Active Discussions About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Stocks Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Ferrari *NYSE:RACE) Currencies Politics Real Estate Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Fishing Thoroughbred Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals Exclusive Interview with Steve Douty President/CEO of Nexo, Inc. By Paul Ebeling on August 31, 20162 Comments Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Exclusive Interview with Steve Douty President/CEO/Member of the Board of Directors of  Nexo, Inc. Nexo, Inc. (a private company) Disrupts the Movement of Big Data A New Era of Information Sharing Has Begun Last Friday I sat down with Steve Douty and to discuss the future of big file sharing, the expense and security surrounding big data in computing. What I learned from this interview with Steve is compelling, I believe you will agree with me. Steve, I noticed in your bio that Nexo is your seventh startup – at this point, you could probably take your pick of anything. What made you pick file sharing as your next adventure? Sending or sharing files is a fundamental computing process that almost all of us do. It covers everything from sending my kids a photo to migrating a data center to the Cloud. It’s a gigantic market. But what makes it so interesting is that for something so fundamental, it’s way too hard to do! And files are getting larger, we’re sharing more of them more often, security is a huge question – so, things are only going to get worse. It’s a lot like the mobile phone market was ten years ago, when the iPhone first came out. There were so many different varieties of cell phones… even Blackberries, Treos… it was nuts, like, “Why do we need yet another phone?” But Apple wasn’t thinking “phone” – they were creating a connected computer you could carry in your pocket! It was a very cool new way to make phone calls – which is certainly another “fundamental” – but it was so much more than that. It was an entirely new platform, and the promise of a unified future. I remember the first time I could dial a phone number inside an email message by just touching it. It’s an example of how Apple rethought the experience top to bottom.   Steve, you are telling us that Nexo is the next iPhone? Well, that would be terrific, but I’m really trying to describe a huge market that was wildly fragmented and ripe for disruption. It’s exactly where I see file sharing today. For example, we all use email for smaller files, but it’s a painful collaboration tool and it’s really hard to find attachments after a while. Then there are the “Boxes” – Dropbox, Box, OneDrive, Google Drive, and many others – they all have different limits and pricing and you don’t want six of these Boxes cluttering up your file system. And now we’re starting to struggle with files that are too big even for the Boxes, so we end up FedExing thumb drives around. If you keep going up-market, there are big enterprise systems for the really huge files that are expensive and are dependent on your IT department, if you have one. It’s really all over the map. I mean, why do I have to sit there and figure out the best way to send a file? I just want to send it.   So, is this where Nexo comes in? Yes. We’re building a completely new information sharing platform. It’s fundamentally different from the methods I’ve just mentioned in that it isn’t cloud-based. For example, instead of duplicating your files in a massive hard-drive-in-the-sky, we use a peer-to-peer technique to send files and information directly between your device and those you want to send them to. There is no intermediate storage. You just run Nexo on your device and it interacts directly with our software running on the recipients’ devices. It’s an order of magnitude faster than the Boxes because you’re not competing with millions of other users that want access to the same centralized cloud – we are the shortest route between sender and recipient. And because we aren’t storing your stuff, we don’t have to limit or charge you based on the amount of data you want to send. With us, it’s unlimited. Send as many 20 MB or 20 GB files as you want. And get them there in one-tenth the time. Also, your files won’t be sitting somewhere out there on someone else’s servers, where they are vulnerable to attack and to snooping. But I’d say that with all of this, the best part is that we can put 100% of our focus on creating a flexible, powerful platform that goes well beyond sharing files. We’re a software company. We fold right into your operating system so that sending with Nexo is a click away. We also give you a range of access controls – like a read-only mode that really works. Or permanently deleting a file that’s been revoked from another user. There are a ton of possibilities.   Does this mean that in order to get files from you, I also have to be running Nexo? Yes. That’s what enables the peer-to-peer mesh networking, the enhanced access controls and the real-time collaboration. It’s the same model used by Skype, WhatsApp and many other apps – including the boxes, by the way. You get an email invitation with a link, you download and install our software, and you’re good to go. In fact, WhatsApp also uses a peer-to-peer protocol, which is why they can afford to offer chat and voice calls for free. This approach also creates a viral or network effect, because every user is recruiting multiple new users on our behalf, and so on.   So I fully understand, you are saying that you have no Cloud? That’s right. Zero Cloud. That points out another major difference between us and email, or between us and the boxes:  we have a completely different business model. When I was first introduced to Nexo, I’d been following the Box.com IPO. Because I ran Yahoo! Mail in 2011 and 2012, I had a pretty good understanding of what it costs to deliver a cloud-based service. Still, I did a double-take at Box’s “cost of revenues” – which primarily includes the costs of bandwidth and data centers. Today, it’s something like 30% of their revenues! I believe Google’s is more like 8% or 9%. For Nexo, that cost is 0%.   That sounds too good to be true. I realize that, but it is true. Nexo is a simpler and far more economical approach than the cloud. We don’t need massive inbound and outbound pipes or redundant data centers, or the energy and people it takes to operate and secure them. And because we’re decentralized, we can scale massively – our software makes use of the computing power, storage and bandwidth that people and businesses already have. It just makes a lot more sense. And here’s something else. About a year ago, we came across a fascinating report on the environmental impact of these enormous cloud infrastructures. It said that the energy used by data centers almost quadrupled between 2001 and 2015, and accounts for between 1% and 2% of worldwide electricity usage. And no matter how much virtualization or load balancing you do, you still have to build them out to handle peak traffic times – which implies that a lot of energy is used just to power spare capacity. I guess the question is:  if you can now solve certain problems without all this effort, infrastructure and cost, why wouldn’t you? That’s the essence of disruption.   You mentioned Security earlier, Security is a Key issue, tell us more.  Before joining Nexo, I started an enterprise security company. About three years ago, I had lunch with the CISO [Chief Information Security Officer] of a Fortune 50 company. He described the most sophisticated, mind-blowing array of defenses against cyber-attack that I’d ever encountered. A year later, I was stunned to see his company all over the press after millions of customer records were stolen. The number of data breaches is accelerating, and no one is immune. Verizon’s been tracking reported security breaches since 2007 – what’s scary is that there were about 4,100 data loss incidents – where the hackers actually extract information – in 2015, which was almost double the number in 2014. If you think about it, these huge cloud services make life easier for hackers by gathering millions of users at a single attack point. Twenty years ago, bad guys had to come after us one user at a time. That’s a lot of effort for little reward. So one of the major benefits of using peer-to-peer is that we don’t present any target larger than a single user. It’s the famous Willie Sutton argument. Nexo uses military-grade encryption to secure files that are on your device and also in transit. Files and messages are divided up into packets that follow different pathways between senders and recipients. In addition, we can tell if a packet has been intercepted or handled by an inserted node – which is called a “man in the middle” attack – and discard that and any subsequent packet coming from that node. To be fair, there are many applications that are perfectly suited for the cloud – it’s just that sending files isn’t one of them.   Last question – where is the world of file sharing headed? It’s going to be a fun space. And by the way, Paul, thanks again for having us here today. First, and most predictably, file sizes are going to keep growing – and quickly. It’s already too hard to share video files – and as their resolution keeps improving, we’re going to need a completely new approach. Plus, there will be new types of files like those containing our genome, which occupies about 110 GB. As we get more into virtual reality advertising and media, those could be larger than videos. And even common work files like architectural drawings will go beyond the capacity of the Boxes and demand new solutions. It’s already a $10 billion market, and it’s going to grow quickly. Second, we’re going to get better at collaborating around files. For example, Nexo is going to support voice and video chat in the next several months. You can also text chat with a group of collaborators – which belong to a user-defined “Channel” – and we’re the only service that lets you have private 1-on-1 chats. By default, group chats are permanently erased after 30 days, and private chats after 24 hours. Third, we have to stop oversharing. Any time you send someone a file, you are giving them control over its contents. I want to deliver a way to maintain control – and preserve privacy – of a file throughout its lifecycle. The problem today is that there isn’t a simple, seamless way to do it – until now. Nexo is focused on features like true screen-only access, auto-deletion and revocation, remote file locking, and even location-based restrictions. Finally, security. Most people don’t realize that sending an email attachment is equivalent to posting it on a billboard. There is zero security, but everybody does it – because it’s so easy. Somehow, “easy” and “secure” have drifted apart – just when we need them to be synonymous. And that’s just one example. Regaining control over your digital property – whether you are an individual or a business – requires proactive measures. I know that startups like us have the freedom to solve problems differently, remove the friction, and create a new wave of better habits. We’re excited about improving the usability, convenience, speed, security and the economics of this fundamental aspect of computing. Related story: http://www.livetradingnews.com/nexo-inc-private-company-disrupts-movement-big-data-12012.html#.V8cpUJgrKM8 For more information go to: www.nexoinc.com Paul Ebeling with Steve Douty Stay tuned…   Biography Stephen “Steve” Douty, President, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and a member of the Board of Directors, Steve joined Nexo, Inc. in October 2014. He has more than 20 years of experience in executive roles creating communications, enterprise, social media, and security solutions in roles including CEO, CMO, VP of Product Management, VP of Sales, and VP of Business Development. Steve has worked in high tech for more than 30 years, focusing primarily on bringing innovative technologies to market. During this time, he has created three exits for a combined value of $900 million, and an average return on equity of 1,750%. As a key executive at BSG, he assisted in its sale to PerSe Systems for $460 million, a multiple of 6.5X revenue for a services company. He also was the lead negotiator for the sale of Hotmail to Microsoft for $400 million. Prior to joining Nexo, he co-founded and was CEO of Smaarts, Inc., his sixth start-up venture. Smaarts delivers security solutions to enterprises using big data and real-time analytics. Prior to Smaarts, he served as Vice President of Applications and Mobile Product Management at Yahoo!, where he was responsible for a $1 billion product portfolio including Mail, Messenger, Flickr, Answers, Groups, Connected TV, and all mobile products. Prior, he held various executive roles with LivePerson (CMO, public), Moxie Software (co-founder and unit president), Octopus Software (co-founder and CEO, acquired by Ask Jeeves), Microsoft, Hotmail (COO, fourth employee and head of products, marketing, sales, and business development, acquired by Microsoft), and Paradyne (CIO, acquired by AT&T). Steven also spent 8 years in enterprise sales roles with Paradyne, IBM and GTE Telenet. Steve earned a B.A. in Mathematics and Computer Science from Dartmouth College.       $GOOGL, AMZN, business, cloud, convenience, data, economics, fundamental, IBM, individual, MSFT, ORCL, security, speed, usability, VZ Exclusive Interview with Steve Douty President/CEO of Nexo, Inc. added by Paul Ebeling on August 31, 2016 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) A Little Pain Now Vs A Lot of Pain Later - January 6, 2017 The DJIA Tapped at the 20,000 Mark Friday - January 6, 2017 India’s Economic Growth Seen Slowing to 7.1% - January 6, 2017 Related posts: Nexo Inc. (a private company) Disrupts the Movement of Big Data Technology: A Cloud Solution to Support all Workloads is a Long Way Off Microsoft, Facebook Agree to build High-speed Trans-Atlantic sub-Sea Cable American Companies Sitting on a $1.45-T+ “Cash Pile” Subscribe 2 Responses to "Exclusive Interview with Steve Douty President/CEO of Nexo, Inc." Shayne Heffernan   August 31, 2016 at 3:58 pm Great interview mate Log in to Reply Paul Ebeling   August 31, 2016 at 9:48 pm Thank mate, these are good people. Best, Paul Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Hazardous waste a growth business in El Paso County Lease option could lead to solar farm in buffer zone near Fort Carson Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week LIVE BLOG: Colorado College hockey at No. 1 Minnesota-Duluth Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Manitou Springs store closes, but owners flush with opportunities Kmart and Sears set to close 150 stores; 2 in Colorado scheduled to shutter Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight An unexpected message reunites Colorado Springs father with daughter after 40 years Your bucket list for Colorado adventure in 2017 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Dueling pianos, a morning campfire and 6 more ways to a great weekend around Colorado Springs Pikes Pub: 2016 was an 'exponentially exciting year' for craft beer in Colorado Springs Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Flash Mob at Colorado Springs Library 21C 10 family fun activities to do in the Colorado Springs area Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Weather Latest updates on closures around Colorado Springs News: Local News Undertones' surprise a cappella concert delights patrons at Library 21c Fri, Jan 6, 2017 - 6:39 PM 0 An a cappella group might have drawn a stern reprimand for breaking a public library's hushed silence with their not-so-subtle crooning. Not at Library... Wynonna Judd coming to the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park Monument attorney facing jail in Drake emissions dispute to learn fate next month Fri, Jan 6, 2017 - 2:17 PM 0 DENVER - Monument attorney Leslie Weise likely will learn Feb. 13 whether she will be sanctioned, fined or even jailed for six months under a contempt citation sought by... News: U.S. & World 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Fri, Jan 6, 2017 - 4:05 PM 0 FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — An arriving airline passenger with a gun in his luggage opened fire in the baggage claim area at the Fort Lauderdale airport Friday,... Colorado Springs investment broker gets sentenced for securities fraud Fri, Jan 6, 2017 - 5:32 PM 0 Colorado Springs investment broker Daniel Spiranac was sentenced after pleading guilty to a... Dueling pianos, a morning campfire and 6 more ways to a great weekend around Colorado Springs Fri, Jan 6, 2017 - 3:18 PM 0 It's the blues and a whole lot more when the David Bromberg Quintet plays Stargazers, 7 p.m.... Latest Local 16-year-old suspect shot as he descended stairwell at east Colorado Springs apartments, residents say By: Ellie Mulder - 7 min ago EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colorado mine spill By: MATTHEW DALY, Associated Press - 1 hr ago Defense seeks to bar testimony on killer's height in slaying of retired Colorado Springs firefighter By: Lance Benzel - 1 hr ago Colorado ski train makes return to Winter Park this weekend By: Sara Grant, The Know - 2 hr ago Manitou Springs store closes, but owners flush with opportunities By: Rich Laden - 2 hr ago New plan will cut in half time to widen I-25 between Monument and Castle Rock By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago Falcon High School closed Friday due to flooding at school By: Ellie Mulder - 3 hr ago Top Stories Family: Florida airports shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq By: JASON DEAREN, Associated Press - 17 min ago Scientists keeping watch on growing Antarctic crack By: SETH BORENSTEIN, AP Science Writer - 59 min ago 4 suspects in Chicago beating of disabled man appear in court By: DON BABWIN, Associated Press - 1 hr ago New declassified report: Putin 'ordered' campaign to influence US presidential election By: Greg Miller, The Washington Post - 2 hr ago Hearts, intestines ripped out in Brazil prison killing spree By: The Associated Press 2 hr ago Andy Griffith's rural hometown hopes Trump will make America great again - like it was in the '50s By: sarah pulliam bailey The Washington Post - 3 hr ago How much marijuana was sold in 2016? A lot! By: The Washington Post - 4 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Snowy scenes at Garden of the Gods The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds A Look Back Notable Colorado Springs-area residents who died during 2016 Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 New Year's Eve celebrations around Colorado and the world ring in 2017 Air Force wins conference opener Noon Year's Eve Air Force Wins Arizona Bowl AdAmAn Club 20 Favorite Images of 2016 - Stacie Scott 20 Favorite Images of 2016 - Jerilee Bennett 20 Favorite Images of 2016 - Christian Murdock 20 Favorite Images of 2016 - Mark Reis The 19 most anticipated new TV shows to get excited about The 10 best TV shows of 2016 (and how to watch them) Top-read stories in 2016 on gazette.com The long list of beloved stars and famous figures who died in 2016 A Look Back Kwanzaa Celebration Rudolph and Santa's views of Colorado Springs from a helicopter Chiefs 33, Broncos 10 The life and times of George Michael: 1963-2016 Reader photos: White Christmas in the Colorado Springs area NORAD tracks Santa's every move Live Interactive Nativity Scene Holiday Lights 2016 Doherty boys vs. Vista Ridge Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 7 min ago 16-year-old suspect shot as he descended stairwell at east Colorado Springs apartments, residents say 1 hr ago EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colorado mine spill 1 hr ago Defense seeks to bar testimony on killer's height in slaying of retired Colorado Springs firefighter 2 hr ago Colorado ski train makes return to Winter Park this weekend 2 hr ago Manitou Springs store closes, but owners flush with opportunities 3 hr ago New plan will cut in half time to widen I-25 between Monument and Castle Rock 3 hr ago Falcon High School closed Friday due to flooding at school Most Read New plan will cut in half time to widen I-25 between Monument and Castle Rock Search and rescue team finds missing Colorado skiers, 1 does not survive Aspen seasonal workers use swanky tiny homes Colorado congressman plans to challenge Trump's presidency 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested A few mild protests accompanied Jane Fonda's recent visit to the Pikes Peak region LETTERS: Traffic nightmare looms in north Colorado Springs; disagreement with Colorado College professor Fort Carson sergeant faces rape charges in attacks on children Manitou Springs store closes, but owners flush with opportunities Colorado hospital employee resigns after being told to delete gay flag screen saver Sports 31 min ago Paul Klee: Plenty of Denver connections to root for in NFL playoffs 39 min ago Senior standout Hayden Graham questionable as Air Force basketball heads to Colorado State 6 hr ago Derrick White scores big, but Arizona State edges Colorado in final seconds 8 hr ago High school sports schedule for week of Jan. 2-8 8 hr ago David Ramsey: D'shawn Schwartz wants to deliver 4A state-title banner to Sand Creek gym 8 hr ago Nuggets drop fourth straight, this one in blowout fashion 11 hr ago Chris Berman changing role at ESPN Business 14 min ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags 21 min ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone 27 min ago Apple CEO Tim Cook's pay slumps along with iPhone sales 28 min ago Officials: Foreign government may have breached health data 44 min ago AP source: Aging New York nuclear plant to close by 2021 54 min ago Crews searching Lake Erie find what they believe may be human remains on seat from plane that disappeared a week ago 1 hr ago NOAA plans to open federal waters in Pacific to fish farming Opinion 7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Getting ready for masquerade season 7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Replace Megyn Kelly with former Springs resident 10 hr ago It's time to eliminate the Electoral College Fri, Jan 6, 2017 LETTERS: Thinking outside the box on the Electoral College 20 hr ago LETTERS: Traffic nightmare looms in north Colorado Springs; disagreement with Colorado College professor Yesterday EDITORIAL: Washington Post editor champions school choice Wed, Jan 4, 2017 EDITORIAL: Troubling signs for new Colorado minimum wage Elections Thu, Dec 29, 2016 Presidential vote in congressional districts points to Democratic risks in 2018 Wed, Dec 28, 2016 Trump accuses Obama of putting up ‘roadblocks’ to a smooth transition Around the Web 59 min ago Scientists keeping watch on growing Antarctic crack 4 hr ago FACT CHECK: Trump's slam on Schwarzenegger's ratings 4 hr ago Naked woman steals Arizona deputy's pickup truck and leads police on a wild chase 7 hr ago 50-year-old Janet Jackson gives birth to baby boy 7 hr ago Ryan Gosling: Debbie Reynolds inspired 'La La Land' cast 7 hr ago Schwarzenegger tells Trump to get back to work after 'Apprentice' tweet 7 hr ago PETA wants 'YOU...to go vegan' this Inauguration Day Latest Videos Flash Mob at Colorado Springs Library 21C 10 family fun activities to do in the Colorado Springs area Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Best Hot Springs in Colorado Know before you go: Driving northwest Colorado Springs New guidelines: Babies should eat peanuts sooner Cold run in Colorado Springs on a snowy day A look at the roads in Colorado Springs Snowstorm moves across West into Rockies Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Sports Latest Sports Senior standout Hayden Graham questionable as Air Force basketball heads to Colorado State39 min ago Derrick White scores big, but Arizona State edges Colorado in final seconds6 hr ago High school sports schedule for week of Jan. 2-88 hr ago David Ramsey: D'shawn Schwartz wants to deliver 4A state-title banner to Sand Creek gym8 hr ago Broncos Paul Klee: Plenty of Denver connections to root for in NFL playoffs32 min ago Falcons' Kyle Shanahan 'definitely' ready to be head coachYesterday Woody Paige: Kyle Shanahan is the right choice for Denver Broncos coachWed, Jan 4, 2017 AP Source: Broncos get OK to interview 3 NFL assistantsWed, Jan 4, 2017 Photo Galleries The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 Air Force wins conference opener Air Force Wins Arizona Bowl Chiefs 33, Broncos 10 Doherty boys vs. Vista Ridge Palmer Ridge 58 - Vista PEAK 46 Colorado 75, Air Force 68 Patriots 16, Broncos 3 Cheyenne Mountain Girls Invite Sand Creek 61 - Sierra 59 Doherty vs. Mountain Vista Girls Basketball Widefield 67 - Cheyenne Mountain 48 Titans 13, Broncos 10 37th Annual Harold McCary Invitational Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Replace Megyn Kelly with former Springs resident7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Washington Post editor champions school choiceYesterday EDITORIAL: Troubling signs for new Colorado minimum wageWed, Jan 4, 2017 EDITORIAL: Our list of wonders around Colorado Springs about 2017Sun, Jan 1, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Thinking outside the box on the Electoral CollegeFri, Jan 6, 2017 LETTERS: Traffic nightmare looms in north Colorado Springs; disagreement with Colorado College professor20 hr ago LETTERS: Need for reserve police officers; bill filled with good intentionsWed, Jan 4, 2017 LETTERS: Legalization of pot; a complex international problemTue, Jan 3, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Getting ready for masquerade season7 hr ago It's time to eliminate the Electoral College10 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Energy sabotage costs Colorado jobs and Democrats blue collar supportThu, Dec 29, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Working to address the many threats our country facesWed, Dec 28, 2016 Local News Local News EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colorado mine spill1 hr ago Defense seeks to bar testimony on killer's height in slaying of retired Colorado Springs firefighter1 hr ago Colorado ski train makes return to Winter Park this weekend2 hr ago New plan will cut in half time to widen I-25 between Monument and Castle Rock3 hr ago Local and State Politics Councilman Larry Bagley won't seek re-electionFri, Jan 6, 2017 Colorado congressman plans to challenge Trump's presidencyYesterday Colorado legislators believe this could be the year for construction defects reformYesterday Colorado's law for dealing with those in mental health crisis revisited by task forceYesterday Local Business Manitou Springs store closes, but owners flush with opportunities2 hr ago Woman: Pueblo employer sexually abused and underpaid her11 hr ago Colorado legislators believe this could be the year for construction defects reformYesterday In latest round of retail closures, Colorado Springs to keep its Sears and Kmart storesYesterday More Top Reads Nation and World Crimes against whites equals small percentage of hate crimes7 min ago Police brace for Sri Lanka rally against port lease to China4 min ago EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colo. mine spill10 min ago NOAA plans to open federal waters in Pacific to fish farming1 hr ago Military Cyber experts report 'chasing ghosts' after US warning5 hr ago Yahoo deletes tweet that included racial slur9 hr ago As Obama era closes, goal to end veteran homelessness unmet21 hr ago Coast Guard: Fire extinguished on platform in Gulf of Mexico23 hr ago Blogs Recent CC commit, other future Tigers have big night in juniors23 min ago LIVE BLOG: Colorado College hockey at No. 1 Minnesota-Duluth1 hr ago Former Air Force football assistant returns to recruit's home with new team2 hr ago Meet CC hockey commit and goalie Alec Calvaruso5 hr ago Crime and Justice Local Crime 16-year-old suspect shot as he descended stairwell at east Colorado Springs apartments, residents say0 min ago Man arrested in Colorado for abuse of 23-month-old infant21 hr ago Colorado Springs police: Assailants threatened 13-year-old girl after sexual assault23 hr ago Fort Carson sergeant faces rape charges in attacks on children23 hr ago National Crime Family: Florida airports shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq18 min ago 4 suspects in Chicago beating of disabled man appear in court1 hr ago Hate-crime charges filed in attack on mentally disabled man20 hr ago Suspect in trooper's death shot and killed during encounterYesterday Life Life Andy Griffith's rural hometown hopes Trump will make America great again - like it was in the '50s3 hr ago PETA wants 'YOU...to go vegan' this Inauguration Day7 hr ago 'Our Souls at Night' movie stand-ins, doubles reminisce about time on setFri, Jan 6, 2017 New guidebook ranks Colorado's 14ersFri, Jan 6, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Pikes Pub: 2016 was an 'exponentially exciting year' for craft beer in Colorado Springs3 hr ago Your sequel-free, superhero-less guide to 2017 movies6 hr ago Colorado Springs eatery Provecho serves authentic Mexican food - including breakfast 6 hr ago How the studio behind 'Sing' and 'Secret Life of Pets' had a breakthrough year6 hr ago Religion New Jersey’s first cardinal evokes Pope Francis as he takes helm in Newark29 min ago New head of Catholic Relief Services wants to be a beacon of light in dark places31 min ago Jeff Sessions needs a Sunday school lesson on immigration34 min ago Lessons learned from Huston Smith’s exploration of religious experience36 min ago National National Politics New declassified report: Putin 'ordered' campaign to influence US presidential election2 hr ago Clarification: Marijuana Regulators story2 hr ago 'It is over': Congress certifies Donald Trump's victory4 hr ago Obama makes his mark as first 'social media' president7 hr ago National Business FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone22 min ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags16 min ago Apple CEO Tim Cook's pay slumps along with iPhone sales29 min ago Officials: Foreign government may have breached health data30 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Inside the Apple tax bombshell: Why it's not good for anyone (especially Apple) Tim Cook and Steve Jobs Associated Press Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook, left, shown with his predecessor, Steve Jobs, at a 2010 corporate event, is facing a ginormous tax bill. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook, left, shown with his predecessor, Steve Jobs, at a 2010 corporate event, is facing a ginormous tax bill. (Associated Press) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter Apple investors have seemed to be taking in stride the $14.5-billion tax bill levied on the company by the European Commission on Aug. 30. Apple shares actually have been up modestly in Nasdaq trading in the days following the EC action.  Perhaps there are good reasons for complacency. The EC’s order that Apple pay 13 billion euros to Ireland as back taxes will be appealed by both the company and Ireland, which could mean years will pass before a single euro is paid on the bill, if ever. Even if the full sum were to come due, Apple has the cash. The bill is about one-fourth of the company’s 2015 profits and 6% of its revenue, and it could be paid easily out of the $180-billion cash Apple is holding overseas — out of reach, for now, of the U.S. tax authorities. They put as much energy into tax avoidance policies as they did into industrial design. — USC tax expert Edward Kleinbard, on Apple's tax maneuvering But there also are grounds for Apple investors — and those of other U.S. corporations that have been playing international tax rules like an orchestra for profit — to be worried about the EC investigation and its outcome. First and foremost, the jig is up. Corporate tax scam watch: The 'inversion' craze Michael Hiltzik Apple's done it. Herbalife has done it. Pfizer wanted to do it. What could be wrong with a corporate maneuver eyed by these fine, upstanding American corporations--and nearly 50 others in the last decade? The subject is "inversions," the catch-all name for corporate restructurings to make an American... Apple's done it. Herbalife has done it. Pfizer wanted to do it. What could be wrong with a corporate maneuver eyed by these fine, upstanding American corporations--and nearly 50 others in the last decade? The subject is "inversions," the catch-all name for corporate restructurings to make an American... (Michael Hiltzik) Edward Kleinbard, USC’s peerless corporate tax expert, may have said it best during an appearance Monday on CNBC, a day before the EC issued its widely-anticipated ruling: “The easy days of single-digit tax rates are going to be over.” International corporations have been so brazen about manipulating the rules that the EC and its member countries were already tightening up; Ireland ended some of the practices that benefited Apple last year. But remaking the system is going to be painful for all concerned. Not only will companies be paying higher taxes, but organizations such as the EC will have to undertake a politically-delicate rebalancing of tax rates. In the U.S., Congress and the White House will face more pressure to align the corporate income tax system with international norms, but that will mean closing loopholes long enjoyed by U.S.-based international tax dodgers.  Here are the main points to consider. — Apple stands accused of rank financial dishonesty, and with good reason. Apple’s tax scheme has been described before, including by the U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations in 2013. As we explained the scheme at that time, Apple avoided a substantial amount of its U.S. taxes by vesting a healthy portion of its intellectual property rights in an Ireland-based affiliate, Apple Operations Inc., which claimed to account for 30% of the company's total net profits. AO avoided paying tax to any country on those profits by exploiting the cracks between Ireland and U.S. tax rules: Ireland bases tax residency on whether a firm's management and control resides in Ireland, and the U.S. bases residency on where a company is formed. AO was formed in Ireland, so Apple claimed it wasn’t subject to U.S. tax; but its management and control are in the U.S., so Apple claimed it wasn’t subject to Ireland tax. According to testimony before the Senate panel, this maneuver and others saved Apple $7.7 billion in U.S. taxes in 2011 alone. Apple's Irish deal cheated European countries where it sold products of tax on the sales by funneling them to Ireland, which taxed them at an extraordinarily low rate. European Commission Apple's Irish deal cheated European countries where it sold products of tax on the sales by funneling them to Ireland, which taxed them at an extraordinarily low rate. Apple's Irish deal cheated European countries where it sold products of tax on the sales by funneling them to Ireland, which taxed them at an extraordinarily low rate. (European Commission) The EC found that Ireland gave up a lot, too. Although the republic’s statutory corporate tax rate is 12.5%, Apple’s maneuvers cut its effective rate to 1% in 2003 and as low as five thousandths of a percent in 2014. It did so, the EC said, by treating the profits of Apple Operations and Apple Sales International, two subsidiaries, in a way that “did not correspond to economic reality.” The profits of the two units were “attributed to a ‘head office’ … that existed only on paper.” Therefore the profits were exempt from Ireland tax. Part of Apple’s scheme, the EC says, was to treat all European sales as though they occurred in Ireland — but profits on those sales were largely attributed to a “head office” that was “not based in any country and did not have any employees or own premises. This deprived other European countries of taxes on those sales and ensured that the taxes Apple did pay were rock-bottom. “Only a small percentage of Apple Sales International's profits were taxed in Ireland,” the EC says, “and the rest was taxed nowhere.” — Apple’s defense of this scheme is transparently bogus. Apple CEO Tim Cook’s written response to the EC order ranges from wildly misleading to flatly untrue. That’s not even counting what he said in an interview with the Irish Independent, in which he called the order “total political crap.” Cook says Apple’s tax deal is legal under Irish law, which is true. He says the EC is “effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws with a view of what the Commission thinks the law should have been,” which is questionable. The EC’s position is that Ireland treated Apple differently from other companies in Ireland, which is a violation of European Union rules. Cook says “we never asked for, nor did we receive, any special deals.” This paints its tax arrangement as something that fell from the sky as sort of a lucky meteor. But records of meetings in the 1990s between Apple and Irish officials published by the EC in 2014 tell a different story. They show the company dickering with Ireland over how much tax it was willing to pay, with the size of its Ireland workforce hanging in the balance. (“It was stated that the company is at present reviewing it’s worldwide operations and wishes to establish a profit margin on it’s Irish operations.”) Cook further asserts that “at its root, the commission’s case is not about how much Apple pays in taxes. It is about which government collects the money.” He also says “investment and job creation in Europe” might be at stake. Taken together, these statements are partially true, and wholly fishy. The EC says plainly that Apple reaped as much as $14.5 billion in tax savings from 2003 through 2014, which means no government collected the money. As for where Apple chooses to do investment and job creation, it’s true that the company will seek host countries where that spending will be most tax-advantaged. But that’s very much a zero-sum game. Apple doesn’t invest and hire workers just to create a tax break or to be charitable; it does so to build and service its business. Those jobs will go somewhere, just maybe not in Ireland. The EC’s goal is to end the beggar-thy-neighbor game Apple and Ireland concocted at the expense of other member countries. — Other companies and EC countries are on notice that their tax schemes won’t work either. The EC ordered the Netherlands last year to recoup $33 million in tax breaks it had given to Starbucks, and issued a similar order to Luxembourg related to Fiat. The spotlight now shifts to Amazon, which has a deal with Luxembourg that may have saved the online retailer as much as $450 million, and McDonald’s, which also has a dubious arrangement with Luxembourg. — Giving U.S. corporations a tax break for bringing these profits home is a scam. (Are you listening, Mr. Trump?) The global corporate quest for corporate tax breaks, including U.S. companies’ taste for “inversion” mergers that allow them to pretend they’re foreign companies, has triggered more thinking on how to remake the U.S. tax system to discourage such cleverness. As Kleinbard says of Apple: “They put as much energy into tax avoidance policies as they did into industrial design.” But we should be wary of some ideas being floated by the business lobby. One is an “amnesty” allowing U.S. companies such as Apple to bring their huge stashes of foreign profits home at a one-time preferential rate — a key motivator of inversions. Donald Trump advocates this provision, with a 10% tax. He argues this would inspire U.S. companies to invest in the United States again. The last time this was tried, it turned into a massive scam. In 2004, a repatriation “holiday” setting a 5.25% tax rate on homeward-bound dollars (compared to a 35% statutory corporate tax rate) brought $312 billion home from overseas. To get the lower rate, companies had to pledge to spend the money on jobs and research and development, and not on stock buybacks or executive pay. What happened? Big companies found a way around the rules, a Senate committee discovered. The top 15 repatriating companies cut their workforces by 20,000 jobs over the next three years. R&D spending didn’t budge. Share repurchases rose by as much as 38%; shareholders ended up collecting as much as 92 cents of every dollar brought home. Compensation for the top executives at the 15 major repatriating companies increased by more than 50% by 2007. It’s certainly true that the U.S. corporate tax system needs revision, as do European systems. But beware: the same advisors who cleverly figured out how to exploit the existing rules will be even harder at work figuring out how to make money from the changes looming ahead.  Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. UPDATES: 10:39 p.m., Sept. 1: This post has been updated with further remarks from Tim Cook. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times U.S. intelligence report says Putin targeted presidential election to 'harm' Hillary Clinton's chances Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect carried weapon in his baggage, law enforcement official says 'State of panic' grips Northern California as atmospheric river approaches the Sierra Nevada Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 62°
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You should be excited that Apple’s iPhone 7 is killing the headphone jack Chris Smith BGR NewsAugust 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Plenty of people are complaining about Apple’s rumored decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 even before the device is announced. And there's no question at all that the complaining will continue after the new iPhones debut next week. But the move makes perfect sense to anyone who has been following Apple’s iPhone closely. Now, a new Apple innovation further reinforces the idea that we should be extremely excited to see the 3.5mm headphone jack go away. DON’T MISS: The latest evidence of a 256GB iPhone 7 comes directly from Apple New technology described in an Apple patent application that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office published on Tuesday would allow Apple to create touch-sensing display surfaces using Liquidmetal technology. How is that even remotely interesting beyond the fact that it contains the word "Liquidmetal"? And how is it related to the headphone jack? Well, think about everything you may have heard about Apple’s future iPhone. It’s supposed to offer a curved edge display next year and possibly a wraparound screen in the future. The iPhone of the future will also lack physical buttons, including the home button, whose functionality will be handled by 3D Touch. That means you could have a big-screen, bezel-free iPhone with curved edges and a touch-friendly back. Removing the headphone jack not only frees up space inside the phone for extra components and a bigger battery, but it also eliminates a point of entry for water. More importantly, it lets Apple increase the screen size without making the phone bigger. It’s only a matter of time before battery charging will go wireless in iPhones as well, and when it does, Apple’s iPhone might not have any physical ports at all. Then we'd have the perfect iPhone. With no buttons and no ports, the phone would feature an amazing design. The new patent at hand, first discovered by Apple Insider, doesn’t paint a picture of this future iPhone. But it offers one of the building blocks Apple needs to achieve it. Apple explains that the technology could become "a part of the touch sensing system that senses one or more touches on or near the display." "The present embodiments combine a number of unique features that allow for new applications not before possible," Apple explains. "Because the touch sensor has very low power requirements, it is beneficial for use in battery operated or low power applications such as laptop, portable computers, and PDAs." And yes, the iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV are mentioned in the patent, by name. Again, the use of such a component in an iPhone that has a wraparound display with built-in buttons would make plenty of sense. Just like any other Apple patent, this Liquidmetal innovation might not be found in commercial products anytime soon. But it certainly is an exciting invention, especially if you consider everything else Apple is rumored to be planning for future iPhone models. Trending right now: This is the huge iPhone 7 leak we’ve been waiting for Big Pokemon Go update is about to bring some exciting new features Google is killing the Nexus line and vanilla Android with it See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Excellent Value in Maryland’s #1 Selling Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Nubia Z11 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T Motorola Moto M AIIMS joins hands with MobiKwik to become cashless OnePlus 3, 3T start receiving Android Nougat in India Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 may launch in Q1 2017 Moto G4, G4 Plus now receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update in India Home > Technology > iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus prices for China leaked, hint at possible India prices IndiaToday.in Last Updated: AUG 31, 2016 New Delhi Email Author In a week from now Apple will launch the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Among the markets where it will reach first will be China and it looks like phones dealers there have already started leaking some information. Also Read: What is inside iPhone 7: Here are 7 things to expect from Apple's next phone In a report in PhoneRadar says that the cheapest iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus will have a starting price of 5288 Yuan, which roughly translates to around Rs 53,000. Here is what the report says: iPhone 7 128GB: 6088 Yuan (Around Rs 61,000) iPhone 7 256GB: 7088 Yuan (Around Rs 71,000) iPhone 7 Plus 32GB: 6088 Yuan (Around Rs 61,000) iPhone 7 Plus 128GB: 6888 Yuan (Around Rs 69,000) iPhone 7 Plus 256GB: 7888 Yuan (Around Rs 79,000) The interesting bit to note here is one: No 16GB model. This is something that has been rumoured. Apple is reportedly killing the 16GB version of the iPhone, and that is a good news for consumers. Also, it is adding a 256GB version, which is rather overkill on a phone but hey the internal storage and internet speed are never enough. Once you have 256GB in your phone, you will start finding use for it and in a year or two will be clamouring for 512GB. The iPhone 7, as you would already know, is the smaller phone with the 4.7-inch screen while the 7 Plus will have a 5.5-inch screen. Both phones will come have similar design, which in turn is expected to be very similar to the iPhone 6S design, and both will have a very similar core hardware. The differences will be in two areas: Screen and the camera. While the Plus version of the iPhone always had a bigger screen, this year it is also expected to come with dual-camera setup. The iPhone 7, meanwhile, will come with single rear camera but may have optical image stabilisation and a sharper and brighter lens. Although China prices -- when directly converted into Indian rupees -- seem fairly good, in India expect to pay a little higher for the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. India traditionally has been one of the most expensive markets -- Brazil is another one -- to buy an iPhone and although this year Apple may like to be a little aggressive, chances are that the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus will have a starting price of something closer to Rs 60,000 and not Rs 50,000. Also Read: Yep, iPhone 7 is totally going to have a dual-camera setup For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Legion hackers: Who are they and how they are hacking Indian Twitter celebrities Android malware Gooligan affects over 1 million Google accounts iPhone 8: Everything you need to know about anniversary-special Apple phone OnePlus 3T review: Best phone in India right now Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe review: Making a point Lenovo K6 Note review: Another Note in the wall Coolpad Note 3S Review: Looks good, runs fine LG V20 Review: Android Nougat supercharged Moto Z Play review: Die another day VIDEOS BHIM: The hits and misses of the app Google to strengthen SMB ecosystem Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe Review more Tech Tips Tips to take stunning photos using smartphone Here are 4 tips to use Paytm safely Yahoo hack: Lessons to learn from biggest data breach ever Twitter security for dummies: How to keep your account safe How to use Paytm and other e-wallets? It's easy, very easy more Talking Points Priya PathakDid you hear about Airtel's free data offer? No, it's not free Javed AnwerDear social media users, please don't be stupid in 2017 Javed AnwerDear Indians, have mercy on others and STOP using Truecaller Javed AnwerFlipkart's OnePlus 3 sale screwed Amazon India even if it wasn't nice Javed AnwerJio promised moon, now it is offering consumers FUP and booster packs more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look Outside Trump Tower Live Look at Air Traffic in the Fort Lauderdale Airport Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. RADAR: Southeast Winter Storm Skiers at the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf in Cape May, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #FortLauderdaleShooting Obtained by ABC News 5 Dead, Multiple People Injured in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport 1h ago What We Know About Esteban Santiago, Suspect in Fort Lauderdale Attack President Obama 'Heartbroken' for Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting Top Stories My Stories Pelosi Calls Russian Hacking Report 'Stunning' Kerry Says Mexico Won't Pay for Wall Obama to Back 'Obamacare' Repeal if It's a Better Plan Family's Desperate Search to Find Missing Daughter Trump Certified as President by Congress VP Biden to President-Elect Trump: 'Grow Up' Orca Profiled in 'Blackfish' Documentary Has Died Palestinians, Jordan Warn Trump Over Israel Embassy Former NYC Nightclub Owner Found Strangled Kids Watched Movie as Parents Lay Dead Outside SUV The Daily Rewind Recap the day with these handpicked stories from ABC News 01 Play ABCNews.com POTUS 'Heartbroken' For Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting George Stephanopoulos sat down with President Obama for a final interview at the White House. #FortLauderdaleShooting 1h ago 02 Play ABCNews.com Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooter Checked His Weapon During His Flight Esteban Santiago allegedly went into the bathroom to load his gun before going on a deadly shooting spree. #FortLauderdaleShooting 38m ago 03 Play ABCNews.com President Obama Weighs In on Intelligence Report Obama talks with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos about the unprecedented investigation he initiated. #Russia 42m ago 04 Play ABCNews.com Michelle Obama Delivers Emotional Final Speech as First Lady Obama spoke about hope and the importance of diversity at an event recognizing the 2017 school counselor of the year. #MichelleObama Jan 6 05 Play ABCNews.com Cashier Makes Day of Boy With Cerebral Palsy For a boy with cerebral palsy, a cashier's small and simple gesture — letting him help her scan food items — helped make his day. 3h ago #Russia ABC News President Obama: Russia 'Intended to Meddle' in US Election 39m ago Putin 'Ordered' Effort to Influence US Election: Intel Report Trump Calls Intel Briefing on Alleged Russian Hacking 'Constructive Meeting' #FortLauderdaleShooting Joe Raedle/Getty Images Witnesses Describe Screaming, 'Trail of Blood' After Gunman Opened Fire at Airport Jan 6 What the Rules Are on Flying With a Gun #Chicago Chicago Police Department, via AFP/Getty Images What We Know About the Alleged Hate Crime Streamed Live on Facebook Jan 6 Bail Denied for 4 Suspects Accused in Alleged Facebook Torture Video Facebook Live Victim's Family: 'This Should Never Happen' #Weather Yalonda M. James/The Commercial Appeal via AP Photo The South Braces for Storm of Snow and Ice 2h ago Students Return Home After Snowstorm Traps Them at School Lake-Effect Snow Halts Buffalo Traffic #MichelleObama Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Photo FLOTUS Signs Off: 'I Hope I've Made You Proud' Jan 6 Obama Daughters' White House Swing Set Removed Michelle Obama Through the Years #DonaldTrump Play Getty Rex Tillerson: Everything You Need to Know Dec 12 Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know Jeff Sessions: Everything You Need to Know Politics #DonaldTrump Trump Says US Will Be 'Paid Back' by Mexico for Wall Kerry Calls Russia Hacking a 'Hostile Attack of Major Proportions' #DonaldTrump Democrats Call For Ethics Investigation Into Trump Nominee Stock Trading #DonaldTrump Former CIA Director Leaves Trump Transition Team #Obamacare Paul Ryan Promises Republicans Will Complete 'Obamacare' Replacement Bill This Year #DonaldTrump Former Sen. Dan Coats Expected to Be Named Director of National Intelligence Addressing Email Controversy and Other Challenges, FBI Director Stands By Decisions #Obamacare Inside Obama's Affordable Care Act Meeting With Dems #DemocraticParty Top Dem Would Support Challenge to Electoral Vote Certification #FactOrFake No, President Obama Has Not Said He Is Refusing to Leave Office #DonaldTrump Despite Promise, Trump Divulges No New Election Hacking Details #PaulRyan Congressman's Son 'Grounded' After Dabbing in Swearing-In Photo More News FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols Even During Trial Democrat Warren to Seek Re-Election to US Senate Wis. Tribe Wants Pipeline Moved From Its Reservation No Civil Rights Charges in Police Killing of Paralyzed Man Police Taking Statements on George Michael's Death Deaths of 5 Teens in Crash Reclassified as Murder Divers Search Bottom of Lake Erie for Missing Plane Keurig Building at-Home Booze Maker 2 NY Cops Take Selfie in Front of Burning Home Report: 11 Hurt in Bus Collision at Frankfurt Airport #CharlestonShooting Chuck Burton/AP Photo Charleston Church Shooting Victim Was Considering Retirement, Brother Says at Dylann Roof Sentencing 3h ago FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols Even During Trial Play WCVB Officer Captured Prison Escapee by Chasing Him for 2 Blocks Jan 6 Inmate Who Escaped From Rhode Island Prison Held on Charges In Case You Missed It Army Mom Deployed in Iraq Surprises Daughters at School Leah Remini on Her Fight Against the Church of Scientology #Airlines Grieving Sisters Say 'Rude' Flight Attendant Led to Their Removal From Flight Family's Search for Travel Nanny Garners Thousands of Applications #Amazon 6-Year-Old Mistakenly Orders $170 Worth of Treats While Chatting With Amazon Echo Watch the Beautiful Moment a Girl Asks Her Stepmom to Adopt Her Teen Dresses in Suit to Meet Newborn Niece Experts Warn of Risks of Some at-Home Chemical Peels #BeInspired Boy Grows Hair for 2 Years, Donates to Friend With Alopecia Sisters Reunite With Long-Lost Mother After 4 Decades Police Find Car Lost for 6 Months After Driver Forgot Where He Parked Mom of Twins in Fallen Dresser Accident Speaks Out More News Capitol Hill Art With Pig in Police Uniform Removed Astronauts Upgrade Station With New Batteries Woman Sues University Over Rape Response Pizza Deliveryman Shot by Police Gets $4.4M Troopers Won't Give Grieving Book After Atheist Complains Cellmate: Mother Killed Son, Said He Was 'Soul of Hitler' Power Returns to Vegas' Rio Casino After Week of Issues Blizzards, Icy Weather Grip Parts of Europe Starbucks to Stop Selling Alcohol at 400 Stores Schoolteacher Accused of Asking Teen for Nude Photos Play Nick Ut/AP Photo Why Lyle and Erik Menendez Say They Killed Their Parents Jan 6 What Erik and Lyle Menendez Did After the Murders Erik Menendez Wrote Screenplay About Son Who Kills Parents Chris Pizzello/AP Photo Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Laid to Rest Together 30m ago New Film Reveals Complicated Relationship Between Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher Broadway Lights to Dim Tonight for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Play ABCNews.com 7-Year-Old Saves Baby Sister's Life After Stray Bullet Strikes Family's Car Jan 6 Play NASA Iceberg the Size of Delaware Could Soon Break Off Antarctic Ice Shelf Jan 6 MediaPunch/REX/Shutterstock Viola Davis Remembers Late Father During Tearful Walk of Fame Ceremony Jan 6 Chris Brown to Box Soulja Boy Over Social Media Feud Shannen Doherty Posts Photo of 'Maggie,' Her Radiation Therapy Machine #NewYears Neilson Barnard/DCNYRE2017/Getty Images Ryan Seacrest Weighs In on Mariah Carey's New Year's Performance Jan 6 Naomi Campbell Reveals She Was Almost Robbed in Paris Blake Shelton-Themed Bars to Open in Tenn., Okla. #BarackObama TopTenRealEstate.com See Inside President Obama's Hawaiian Vacation Home Jan 5 Play Brandi Guillet Nonverbal Boy Has Unbreakable Bond With His Deaf Dog Connor Guillet, 6, of Cocoa, Florida, has developed a special friendship with Ellie, a deaf boxer. Up Next: Play Firefighters Save Dog Stranded on Icy Iowa River #Prince Retna/Photoshot/Newscom Prince's Minnesota Properties Are Worth $25 Million, Estate Reports 1h ago 'A Monster Calls' Review: The Film Is 'Cathartic and Thrilling' DeGeneres Says Her Show Is No Place for Anti-Gay Advocates Play ABCNews.com Ed Sheeran Teases New Album on Social Media Jan 6 Inside Amber Rose's and Val Chmerkovskiy's Relationship Man Celebrates 100th Birthday by Skydiving for 1st Time Ever Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Tory Sport Susan Sarandon's Daughter Addresses Critics After Revealing Baby Son's Head Injury Jan 3 Popcorn #Popcorn Octavia Spencer Lacks 'Clear Recollection' of Winning Oscar #Popcorn Adam Driver on 50-Pound Weight Loss, 'Girls' Finale and the Next 'Star Wars' #Popcorn 10 Best and 10 Worst Films of 2016 #Popcorn Damien Chazelle on the Inspiration Behind His Magical Musical 'La La Land' #Popcorn Michael Fassbender Sings Patsy Cline's 'Crazy' #Popcorn Michael Fassbender Cannot Stop Cracking Jokes During Interview #Popcorn John Lithgow on 'Excitement and Fear' of His Latest Role #Popcorn Felicity Jones Spill Secrets About 'Rogue One' #Popcorn 5 Things to Know About Helen Mirren #Popcorn Jeffrey Dean Morgan on His Norman Reedus Bromance and Why His Son Is a 'Little Negan' #Popcorn Tom Ford's 4-Year-Old Son Refuses to Wear Anything but Black #Popcorn Dev Patel Says He Struggled to Find Roles After 'Slumdog Millionaire' Play ABCNews.com Beautiful View of Swiss Alps 3h ago Iceberg the Size of Delaware Could Soon Break Off Antarctic Ice Shelf #Travel Karisma Hotels Hotel Suite of the Week: Pineapple Suite at Nickelodeon Punta Cana Jan 6 Frigid Northern China Hosts Snow and Ice Sculpture Festival Ice and Lights Wow Crowds at Annual Snow Festival Michael Kovac/Getty Images Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel Hit the Town 3h ago Boomer Phelps Hangs by the Pool With a New Toy Mariah Carey Performs on New Year's Eve Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos Most Popular Nine shot, one dead at Ft. Lauderdale airport - 00:45 Michelle Obama gives final speech as first lady - 01:22 'Show me' says Obama to Republicans about a replacement for Obamacare - 01:22 Florida governor called Trump, not Obama after shooting - 01:34 Incoming Trump press secretary heckled in Chicago - 01:18 U.S. tanks sent to eastern Europe deployment - 01:43 "Mass chaos" after Florida airport shooting: passenger - 00:58 Congress certifies Trump's Electoral College victory - 01:47 Airport shooter unharmed, interviewed by officials: Sheriff - 01:28 Nigerian army rescues Chibok girl kidnapped by Boko Haram - 00:43 Faraday Future unveils electric SUV - 01:40 Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to CES - 02:10 Apple launches bigger iPhone Tuesday, September 09, 2014 - 02:24 Apple unveils larger iPhone, which analysts say is likely to help Apple gain market share. Rough Cut (no reporter narration). ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: Apple unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper and larger displays, confirming longstanding speculation it will move into a market segment dominated by arch-rival Samsung Electronics. The pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino. The prospect of Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook unveiling the first device developed under his reign attracted a broader swathe of attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1wkHnq8 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=341820465"></iframe> Close Apple launches bigger iPhone Tuesday, September 09, 2014 - 02:24 Top News » Florida governor called Trump, not Obama after... 6:06pm EST - (1:34) "Mass chaos" after Florida airport shooting:... 5:44pm EST - (0:58) Airport shooter unharmed, interviewed by... 4:08pm EST - (1:28) 'Show me' says Obama to Republicans about a... 2:40pm EST - (1:22) Congress certifies Trump's Electoral College... 2:23pm EST - (1:47) Michelle Obama gives final speech as first... 12:46pm EST - (1:22) Nine shot, one dead at Ft. Lauderdale airport 1:48pm EST - (0:45) SeaWorld killer whale Tilikum dies 12:22pm EST - (0:45) Breakingviews TV: Driving forces 12:00pm EST - (4:33) South braces for massive snow storm 11:16am EST - (1:07) Obama: Facebook Live beating "despicable" 9:51am EST - (1:13) Astronauts take spacewalk to replace ISS... 10:23am EST - (1:14) U.S. tanks sent to eastern Europe deployment 10:24am EST - (1:43) Ex-Soldiers seize control of Ivory Coast's... 9:44am EST - (0:48) Family of victim tortured on FB Live speaks... 9:52am EST - (0:39) Biden to Trump: "Grow up" 9:04am EST - (1:01) Winter weather wallops U.S. 8:53am EST - (1:00) Family, colleagues bid farewell to victim of... 7:29am EST - (1:08) Orthodox Christians mark Epiphany with icy... 7:28am EST - (1:05) North Korea holds massive rally to pledge... 6:37am EST - (1:06) Trump: Obama's envoys out by inauguration day 5:19am EST - (1:03) Texas unveils 'bathroom bill' critics say... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:09) Obama "confident" in unvarnished intelligence... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:27) U.S. spy chief "even more resolute" on Russia... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:54) Explosion hits Turkish city amid manhunt Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:22) Migrant Crisis » More than 100 migrants rescued off Libyan... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:25) Stranded migrants in Serbia face cold winter... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:42) Serbia's migrant centers are full, U.N. says Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:57) Surge in migrants voluntarily leaving Germany Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:02) Mediterranean death toll is record 5,000... Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (0:48) Austria searches freight trains in illegal... Sat, Dec 17, 2016 - (1:21) U.N warns of migrant influx from South Sudan... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:32) Over 1,000 migrants rescued in the... Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (0:58) Migrant bodies wash up on Libyan beach Sat, Dec 10, 2016 - (0:44) Migrants cheer as they reach Europe Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (0:44) Italy's coast guard rescues some 500 migrants,... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:03) Pope Francis meets Kerry ahead of Rome talks Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (0:40) Afghan refugee boy's wish fulfilled by... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:05) Merkel offers hand and wish to Afghan refugee... Mon, Nov 28, 2016 - (1:13) Greek migrant camp fire kills two Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (0:36) Migrant camp under attack in Greece Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (1:07) Greek migrant camp set on fire as tensions... Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (0:49) Migrants and police scuffle at border between... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:45) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Liam Neeson visits Syrian refugee camp as... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:56) Almost 700 migrants arrive in Italy following... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (0:39) Italian coastguard rescues migrants Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (0:58) Italian coastguard rescues 130 migrants in... Sat, Nov 05, 2016 - (0:43) Last child migrants leave Calais camp Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:10) France moves Calais child migrants, row with... Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:20) Editors' Picks » SeaWorld killer whale Tilikum dies 12:22pm EST - (0:45) Nigerian army rescues Chibok girl kidnapped by... 4:53pm EST - (0:43) Michelle Obama gives final speech as first... 12:46pm EST - (1:22) Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to... 2:04pm EST - (2:10) Veteran Indian actor Om Puri dies at 66 9:42am EST - (1:09) Winter weather wallops U.S. 8:53am EST - (1:00) Biden to Trump: "Grow up" 9:04am EST - (1:01) Two years on, Charlie Hebdo remembers victims Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:07) Toyota's AI concept car and Sony's OLED TVs... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:34) VR Auschwitz helps police uncover Nazi crimes Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (2:14) Letters by Princess Diana sell at auction Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:05) Thai baby elephant gets hydrotherapy for... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:05) Lebanese artist turns war shrapnel into... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:56) Golden Globes kick off Hollywood awards season Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:36) Tuna fetches over $600,000 at Tokyo fish... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:40) Storms and floods hit Argentina and Uruguay Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:37) Thousands of Iraqis flee Mosul daily as... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:47) Selfie drones, personal robots, VR, centre... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:38) Janet Jackson announces the birth of her first... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:51) China's Harbin gets ready for its annual ice... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:54) Autonomous aircraft that goes where no... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:58) Start-ups take aim at errant drones Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (2:08) Cave bacteria could lead to new antibiotics Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:16) Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) Innovations » Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to... 2:04pm EST - (2:10) VR Auschwitz helps police uncover Nazi crimes Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (2:14) Toyota's AI concept car and Sony's OLED TVs... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:34) Selfie drones, personal robots, VR, centre... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:38) Start-ups take aim at errant drones Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (2:08) Cave bacteria could lead to new antibiotics Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:16) Autonomous aircraft that goes where no... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:58) Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:56) World Cup labourers to stay safe with cooling... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (1:20) Negative emotions hurt Type 2 diabetics'... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (2:43) Coding schools aim to fill tech job demand Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:36) Delft team seeks Hyperloop prize Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:52) Winter run better for the body, say scientists Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (2:02) Robotic sommelier decants wine to your taste Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (2:16) Mini-factories could allow drug production on... Wed, Dec 21, 2016 - (2:11) Researchers find neuron protein triggers... Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:45) Security drone 'to replace manned guards' Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:41) NYC dirt has scientists digging for antibiotic... Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - (2:25) Artificial skin harnessed from algae Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - (1:54) Starfish larva timelapse wins science video... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:15) NASA's Mars rover finds new clues about life... Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:18) Satellite images help scientists predict sea... Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:19) All terrain wheelchair made from bike parts... Tue, Dec 13, 2016 - (2:01) UK scientists search for life on Mars evidence Tue, Dec 13, 2016 - (2:16) Entertainment » The love story of Debbie Reynolds and Carrie... 5:29pm EST - (2:17) Ed Sheeran unveils two new singles 10:08am EST - (1:57) London menswear fashion week gets a new name 4:33pm EST - (1:28) Veteran Indian actor Om Puri dies 8:28am EST - (1:09) Inside China's booming online film industry 7:21am EST - (1:43) Andrew Garfield talks faith at "Silence"... 7:03am EST - (1:36) Viola Davis gets Walk of Fame star Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:41) Sunny Pawar predicts long acting career Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:24) Letters by Princess Diana sell at auction Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:05) Golden Globes kick off Hollywood awards season Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:36) “La La Land" wins big at New York Critics... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:58) China's Harbin gets ready for its annual ice... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:54) Janet Jackson announces the birth of her first... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (0:51) Stars to dine on sea bass, filet mignon at... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:12) 2017's award seasons kicks off in Palm Springs Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:13) Thousands watch annual Key West Dachshund Walk Sat, Dec 31, 2016 - (0:41) Fireworks, music herald New Year in Hong Kong,... Sat, Dec 31, 2016 - (1:23) Crystal Ball drops in Times Square for test Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:55) Tennis star Serena Williams says she's engaged Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:35) Police say George Michael autopsy... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:50) Adorable panda twins make public debut at... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:00) Serena Williams announces her engagement Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (0:58) Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds remembered... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (1:54) Star Wars fans pay tribute to Carrie Fisher Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (0:58) Elephants at German zoo spurn belated... Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:08) Rough Cuts » Florida governor called Trump, not Obama after... 6:06pm EST - (1:34) "Mass chaos" after Florida airport shooting:... 5:44pm EST - (0:58) Airport shooter unharmed, interviewed by... 4:08pm EST - (1:28) The love story of Debbie Reynolds and Carrie... 5:29pm EST - (2:17) London menswear fashion week gets a new name 4:33pm EST - (1:28) Mexicans celebrate Epiphany with a huge cake 3:16pm EST - (0:55) Congress certifies Trump's Electoral College... 2:23pm EST - (1:47) Nine shot, one dead at Ft. Lauderdale airport 1:48pm EST - (0:45) Ducks are culled in southwest France due to... 11:37am EST - (0:44) South braces for massive snow storm 11:16am EST - (1:07) Bavarians race down snowy slopes on horned... 11:17am EST - (0:57) Thai PM visits flood-battered south: six dead,... 10:41am EST - (1:09) Obama: Facebook Live beating "despicable" 9:51am EST - (1:13) Astronauts take spacewalk to replace ISS... 10:23am EST - (1:14) Pope Francis offers Epiphany gift to Vatican... 10:00am EST - (0:55) Ex-Soldiers seize control of Ivory Coast's... 9:44am EST - (0:48) Biden to Trump: "Grow up" 9:04am EST - (1:01) Pope gives Epiphany Mass at Vatican 7:23am EST - (1:17) Family, colleagues bid farewell to victim of... 7:29am EST - (1:08) Orthodox Christians mark Epiphany with icy... 7:28am EST - (1:05) North Korea holds massive rally to pledge... 6:20am EST - (1:06) Turkish PM visits Izmir wounded in hospital 5:46am EST - (1:20) Obama "confident" in unvarnished intelligence... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:27) U.S. spy chief "even more resolute" on Russia... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:54) Ryan: Trump won the election 'fair and square' Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:55) Moving Pictures » Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (1:00) Venezuela's state of misery Wed, Aug 03, 2016 - (2:06) Images of July Fri, Jul 29, 2016 - (1:01) The interfaith memorial for Dallas police... Tue, Jul 12, 2016 - (1:27) Images of June Wed, Jun 29, 2016 - (1:49) Images of May Wed, Jun 01, 2016 - (1:01) The last Republican standing Wed, May 04, 2016 - (1:01) Images of April Mon, May 02, 2016 - (1:01) Afghanistan's first female orchestra Mon, Apr 18, 2016 - (0:46) Images of March Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (1:33) Who has nuclear weapons? Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (0:46) What America really thinks about torture Wed, Mar 30, 2016 - (1:38) A floating school for a slum on stilts Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:55) Thirst for clean water Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:59) World recognizes International Women's Day Tue, Mar 08, 2016 - (1:24) Images of February Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:01) What makes a city a great place to live? Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:06) Girls train to box their way to glory for... Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:05) What's so super about Super Tuesday? Mon, Feb 29, 2016 - (1:07) The road to Super Tuesday Sun, Feb 28, 2016 - (1:01) FIFA rogue's gallery Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (1:11) A history of the Oscars' best actors Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (0:23) Pope Francis makes headlines Thu, Feb 25, 2016 - (0:47) Assange’s lawyers call for court to overturn... Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (1:19) London Fashion Week Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (0:47) Will Blatter’s ban be lifted? Tue, Feb 16, 2016 - (1:31) New York Fashion Week: The Shows Mon, Feb 15, 2016 - (0:52) Zika can’t stop carnival Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:08) Who is John Kasich? Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:00) Washington’s baby panda scales tree Wed, Feb 10, 2016 - (0:19) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) How elite corporate lawyers dominate the U.S.... Fri, Dec 05, 2014 - (3:17) Where the sea is closing in Thu, Nov 20, 2014 - (3:42) "You just can't beat the ocean": Watching the... Thu, Sep 04, 2014 - (8:11) Re-homing victim: "I could have been dead" Wed, Feb 19, 2014 - (8:24) Cops and loggers in the Amazon rainforest Fri, Jan 10, 2014 - (4:02) Billions in Pentagon spending down a black... Thu, Nov 14, 2013 - (4:37) The economic empire behind Iran's supreme... Mon, Oct 14, 2013 - (2:16) "Passed around like a dog" Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (6:32) Adopted, then abandoned online Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (13:22) How the DEA keeps its secrets secret Mon, Aug 05, 2013 - (1:37) An inside look at the Taliban's bankers -... Wed, Dec 12, 2012 - (5:20) How education lost its role as the great... Mon, Dec 17, 2012 - (7:53) Jihad Jane: From abused child to American... Sat, Dec 08, 2012 - (10:02) Dateline Asia » Hong Kong's helpers embrace their day off 4:20am EST - (1:53) Investigators call for wider MH370 search Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (2:00) Chinese rush to get money out of the country Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:49) South Korea's bird flu alert hits highest... Fri, Dec 16, 2016 - (1:52) Betting big on China's thirst for clean milk Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:54) Vietnam starts dredging on South China Sea... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:26) China to punish mystery U.S. carmaker Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:54) Japan vote puts big-time casinos on the cards Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:59) Duterte comments raise questions over his... Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:48) Hong Kong leadership race heats up Tue, Dec 13, 2016 - (1:57) China luxury spending makes a comeback Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:26) Where China's high rollers go to splurge Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:48) S. Korea's president impeached in... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (2:22) Casino stocks tumble on fears of Macau ATM... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (1:43) Where South Korea's national scandal stops Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:09) Hong Kong's growing garbage epidemic Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:05) China urges U.S. to block Taiwan leader's... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:56) HSBC lions spark divisive LGBT debate in Hong... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:52) South Korea's Park willing to resign or be... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (2:09) Torture and detention in China's corruption... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (1:42) Shock resignation by New Zealand's Prime... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (1:53) Hong Kong connects to China's booming tech... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (2:03) A first public appearance for Thailand's new... Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (2:02) Giant statues on North Korea's new sanctions... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:55) Sharp rise in HIV/AIDS cases among China's... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:59) Beijing unusually quiet over South China Sea... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (1:55) Lawmakers vow to impeach South Korea's... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (2:15) Pentagon aims for Afghan Black Hawk fleet Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (2:04) Mobile wallet apps cash in on India's money... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:52) Samsung Electronics considering split: report Mon, Nov 28, 2016 - (1:59) Climate change deepens Thailand's fish crisis Sun, Nov 27, 2016 - (1:53) Ex-PM trashes Modi's cash crackdown plan Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (2:12) Yum China in $200 million talks with delivery... Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (1:47) Big machines, small signs of recovery in China Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (1:54) Viagra and a fake name: Park's political... Thu, Nov 24, 2016 - (2:13) China sets world record for patent... Thu, Nov 24, 2016 - (1:47) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Taking a bite out of Apple's Irish profits - Irish Sun Issue 07/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Taking a bite out of Apple's Irish profits The National Thursday 1st September, 2016 Purchasers of Apple products will be familiar with "sticker shock", the feeling of surprise at seeing quite how much a product costs. This week, Apple executives must have experienced something similar, after the European Commission, part of the European Union, declared the company must pay back taxes to Ireland of €13bn (Dh53bn).The reason for the decision is a complex story that goes back to 1991, when Apple Ireland its European headquarters, meaning that all its profits across the EU went through Ireland. The company negotiated a deal with Dublin that it would pay low tax rates becau... Read more Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all property owners paid taxes last year. The tax authorities have said they collected as much as 463 million euros from tax last year.  Astonishingly, a huge number of people have already paid the taxes for this year. However, this wasn’t without prompting owners to do so: The tax collection authorities had to send as many as 300,000 warning letters telling owners to pay up, or face consequences. Further, those who are yet to pay up their taxes can do so via an electronic cheque, also called an annual debit authority by the Revenue Department. Owners doing so must inform tax officials about the same by Wednesday. All the tax shall be hence withdrawn from their accounts in March. Michael Gladney, Collector General, has stated that since the Revenue Department took charge of tax collection in 2013, as much as 64 million dollars have been collected.  Moreover, as many as 360,000 properties have been taken over by the department following non-payment of taxes on the owner’s behalf. The collector general said in a statement, “The vast majority of property owners fully comply with their local property tax payment obligations, either in a single payment or with phased payments. As long as payment obligations are being met, Revenue will automatically roll over existing payment methods for property owners who pay by direct debit or by deduction at source from pay/pension.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures DUBLIN, Ireland - The Central Statistics office has released figures that show a rise of ... Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers DUBLIN, Ireland - It has been found that exactly 7,651 drivers, that are disqualified to ... Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all ... Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 DUBLIN, Ireland - According to new figures released by the Central Statistical Organization, the number ... Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years DUBLIN, Ireland - The Met Eireann released its annual weather summary based on observations made ... Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Applegreen proposes acquisition of 50 percent of Dublin Fuel terminal Pedestrian killed in rush hour traffic on M50 Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Ireland News Breaking International News Iraq War veteran in custody over mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport Trump team wants to build Mexican wall with American taxpayers' money Vice president Biden's advice to Trump: Grow up, be an adult In last press conference as Secretary of State, John Kerry defends Obama on Syria New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Trump threatens to impose hefty fee on the Japanese automaker, Toyota Honda Motor reports 3.2 percent increase in U.S. sales for 2016 Most Fed policymakers believe U.S. economy could grow more quickly Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Jaap Stam not after Manchester United nostalgia on return to Old Trafford Millwall may have to move if council land purchase scheme goes ahead Holger Badstuber loan move perfect for Bayern Munich and Manchester City German FA opposes World Cup expansion - Reinhard Grindel Chelsea to rotate but backlash from Spurs should see off Peterborough More Europe Sports News Dublin News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Dublin News Economics News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Cuba starts first exports to United States in half a century Texas Unveils Bathroom Bill That Critics Say Targets LGBT Rights Inflation for lower-income families reaches 6.22 in 2016 Trump Fiscal Boost Poses Inflation Risk Fed Policymakers Agree More Economics News Belfast News Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Wylie preparing Northern Ireland for historic chance Evans confident ahead of Ulster clash Former Chelsea F.C. boss ‘Big Phil’ Scolari calls into Belfast pub for a Guinness Tough market behind closure of six Jamies Italian restaurants More Belfast News Breaking Internet News New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome Sanders brings giant poster of Trump's May 2015 tweet to Senate Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund Apple removes New York Times app from China store BBC's ‘Real Housewives of ISIS’ skit comes under fire for being insensitive More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Creative agencies combine to amplify offerings can we expect to see more quirky Austin murals WD slims down SSD to squeeze into little Black drive range BOOST LEGOs computing future and its ground-breaking past Microsoft goes retro with Vista Zune-style Windows Neon makeover 3... 2...1... and 123-Reg hit by DDoSers. Again More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Study US Could Be Net Energy Exporter Use water carefully winter is coming - sanitation dept BSP Ask Borisov If BGN 2 B Has Been Stolen From Budget Surplus Northern Cape municipality may soon run out of water Mexico Gas Protests Looting Leave 1 Dead 600 Arrested More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World AT&T Is Offering Internet of Things Kits For AWS and Raspberry Pi LG Robots Will Keep Airports Clean And Make Sure You Don't Miss Your Flight More Interview Exposes How We Got Those Two Digital Cameos in 'Rogue One' 'Mute', Looks Like a Colorful Dystopian Adventure What Will be January’s Schlockiest Movie? MovieBob Reviews: A MONSTER CALLS More Super Mario Land Gets Recreated in Mario Maker Resident Evil 7’s “4D VR Candle” Will Let You Smell th... Nintendo Will Show Switch Launch Games on January 13 Game of the Year: Strong Bad’s Cool Game for Attractive People More 10 Essential Sketches from Portlandia Expect Familiar Faces in Better Call Saul Season Three 'The Man in the High Castle' Gets New Showrunner for Season Three The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 More Commissioner Gordon, a Cornerstone of Batman’s Life Buy This Comic! Unstoppable Wasp #1 Trillions of Tribbles Tribute Art Aubrey Sitterson Talks G.I. Joe, Transformers, and Everything in Between More The Worst And Weirdest Shrek Fan Art These Titanfall 2 Lego Models Need To Be On Store Shelves NASA Has Its Biggest Year Ahead of It Lego Boost Is a More Wallet-Friendly Robotics Kit More Tech How kids really use the Apple Watch By Jordan Minor 08.31.2016 :: 12:45PM EST @JordanWMinor Is the Apple Watch a failure? I mean, not yet, right? When I wrote about the anemic state of Apple Watch games I noted how other smartwatch manufacturers would love to have sold the over 13 million units Apple moved with Apple Watch. Maybe the problem was that the product category itself had yet to make an impressive leap forward. There’s a real gulf in quality between the initial incarnations of iPods, iPhones, and iPads and their more successful later revisions. Maybe Apple Watch is still at the start of that path. But regardless of the reason why, over a year later, Apple Watches aren’t the trendiest Apple products, right? Imagine how confused I get then whenever I see kids with Apple Watches. Regardless of age appropriateness, I get why kids want iPhones and iPads. There’s a real popular demand for them, and their actual functionality is appealing. But Apple Watch? Are children really just dying to know how long they’ve been sitting or what someone else’s heartbeat feels like on their wrist? I couldn’t fathom what a kid could possibly get out of an Apple Watch, but I was recently enlightened. The real reason kids, or at least the smart ones, want Apple Watch is actually pretty clever. The revelation came to me a few weeks ago, at my family’s Fourth of July BBQ. I like to talk to my cousins about games about technology because they’re interested in the subjects, and it’s a quick and easy way to feel like a knowledgeable, admired journalist under the guise of family bonding. So when I saw my middle school/high school-aged cousin sporting an Apple Watch Sport, I had to ask him what value he saw in the wearable device. He explained it to me like this. Apple Watches have to be paired to iPhones but can function somewhat independently of them. In class, students aren’t allowed to use their phones. However, with an Apple Watch, my cousin can discreetly perform some phone functions right on his wrist without having to technically break any rules. Much like the real legal system, schools haven’t caught up to the wild new technology rebellious youth is into. It blew my mind how simple but totally cunning this idea was. How could I have not realized this before? Well, I didn’t get a smartphone until the end of high school when teachers stopped caring about students with phones. I never had to adapt to a phone-phobic learning environment like my poor cousin. Also, my phones have always been reasonably sized, so pulling them out without drawing attention isn’t as difficult as it is with the bloated half-tablets that pass as phones these days. I didn’t grow up being fed the notion that you need a separate portable device to go with your mobile phone. But think about how slick and sneaky that Apple Watch tactic is. It’s the modern equivalent of sneaking a comic book (or whiskey flask) between the pages of your Bible at Sunday School. It’s like telling your parents you need a computer to run math programs but you’re really just installing DOOM. Kids can make the pitch for Apple Watch by saying sitting is the new cancer, and then spend their school days laughing as they use those oh-so-exciting Apple Watch features in the middle of class. Of course, those same kids also have to convince their parents to spend at least like a thousand dollars (and as much as five figures!) on both the iPhone and Apple Watch, but after that, it’s all smooth sailing. Maybe this was already super obvious, and I’m just Andy Rooney-level late to the party. Maybe I just totally ratted out my cousin and other Apple Watch-owning kids as clever as he is. So, uh, parents? Forget everything you just read. And when the next new technology comes out that seems worthless to me, the first thing I’m going to do is figure out how kids are using it to keep their minds free from education. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Apple Apple Watch Kids smartwatches wearables Speak Your Mind More in Tech 01.06.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Daniel Starkey Tech Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv Tech 01.06.2017 :: 3:00PM EST :: Jordan Minor Tech CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World Tech 01.06.2017 :: 2:15PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech AT&T Is Offering Internet of Things Kits For AWS and Raspberry Pi Tech 01.06.2017 :: 12:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech LG Robots Will Keep Airports Clean And Make Sure You Don't Miss Your Flight Tech 01.05.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Build Your Own Arcade Joystick With Raspberry Pi Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World Tech 01.06.2017 :: 5:15PM EST Super Mario Land Gets Recreated in Mario Maker Games 01.06.2017 :: 4:30PM EST Interview Exposes How We Got Those Two Digital Cameos in 'Rogue One' Movies 01.06.2017 :: 3:45PM EST Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv Tech More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Gaming 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Ben Stegner Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Android Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Dropbox Hack Affects 68 Million Users, You Too Can Sue Apple… [Tech News Digest] Tech News Dropbox Hack Affects 68 Million Users, You Too Can Sue Apple… [Tech News Digest] Dave Parrack August 31, 2016 31-08-2016 5 minutes Dropbox Hack Affects 68 Million Users, You Too Can Sue Apple… [Tech News Digest] Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google It turns out Dropbox WAS hacked in 2012, Apple faces a Touch Disease class action lawsuit, Amazon brings its Dash Buttons to Europe, Google helps you search in Android apps, and Russia reveals its Guardians. Dropbox Admits It Was Hacked In 2012 Dropbox was hacked in 2012, with the login credentials of 68 million users stolen. Which explains why Dropbox suddenly and inexplicably forced millions of users to change their passwords WhatsApp Is Getting Ads, Upgrade Your iPhone Right Now... [Tech News Digest] WhatsApp Is Getting Ads, Upgrade Your iPhone Right Now... [Tech News Digest] WhatsApp is changing for the worse, your iPhone is at risk, Sony adds two-factor authentication to PSN, Dropbox is resetting million of passwords, and what happens when two artificial intelligences have a deep conversation. Read More last week. This may be an old intrusion, but it still has the capacity to affect anyone reading this. Resetting passwords to keep your files safe https://t.co/YmG4uGUeHQ — Dropbox (@Dropbox) August 25, 2016 In 2012, Dropbox was hacked, with 68 million of its 100 million users having their email addresses and passwords stolen. Dropbox maintains all of the passwords were hashed and salted. However, although Dropbox has already acted to safeguard its users, if you use the same password across multiple sites, you should change it immediately just to be on the safe side. There were initially some doubts as to the veracity of this story, but security expert Troy Hunt has since confirmed the hack did happen. The man behind Haveibeenpwned.com used his and his wife’s login credentials to check the truth behind the claims. He then confirmed in a blog post that, “There is no doubt whatsoever that the data breach contains legitimate Dropbox passwords,” before (thankfully) concluding that “all but the worst possible password choices are going to remain secure even with the breach now out in the public”. Still, it’s always better to be safe than sorry, and in a year when 32 million Twitter passwords were leaked How to Check If Your Twitter Password Has Leaked & What to Do Next How to Check If Your Twitter Password Has Leaked & What to Do Next Apparently over 32 million Twitter accounts and passwords have been leaked, according to TechCrunch. Learn how to see if your account is affected, and secure your account before it's too late. Read More , and 177 million LinkedIn credentials What You Need To Know About the Massive LinkedIn Accounts Leak What You Need To Know About the Massive LinkedIn Accounts Leak A hacker is selling 117 million hacked LinkedIn credentials on the Dark web for around $2,200 in Bitcoin. Kevin Shabazi, CEO and founder of LogMeOnce, helps us to understand just what is at risk. Read More were put up for sale on the Dark Web, please don’t take any chances. Ads by Google [Update: Dropbox has published a blog post in which it claims there is “no indication that Dropbox user accounts have been improperly accessed”.] Join the Touch Disease Class Action Apple is facing a class action lawsuit over the Touch Disease allegedly affecting thousands of iPhones The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] Apple has a serious iPhone problem, Google hates interstitials like the rest of us, Woz likes his headphone jack, Adult Swim brings ToeJam & Earl back, and what happens when the Pokemon fight back? Read More . People have been complaining of touchscreen issues with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus The iPhone 6 Bends In Your Pocket, Blizzard Cancels Titan MMO, And More... [Tech News Digest] The iPhone 6 Bends In Your Pocket, Blizzard Cancels Titan MMO, And More... [Tech News Digest] Also, Samsung in Europe, Microsoft bug hunting, Google in-app purchases, texting while driving, and the Windows Phone cat. Read More for months, but the complaints have only recently coalesced into an identifiable issue. And now, a few days later, three iPhone users have filed a class action against Apple. Thomas Davidson of Pennsylvania, Todd Cleary of California, and Jun Bai of Delaware are accusing Apple of committing various sins related to fraud and misrepresentation. As a result, they are seeking damages, as well as a commitment to repair or replace all affected handsets. And, as is standard with class actions, everyone affected by the issue is invited to join in. The complaint alleges: “Apple has long been aware of the defective iPhones. Yet, notwithstanding its longstanding knowledge of this design defect, Apple routinely has refused to repair the iPhones without charge when the defect manifests. Many other iPhone owners have communicated with Apple’s employees and agents to request that Apple remedy and/or address the Touchscreen Defect and/or resultant damage at no expense. Apple has failed and/or refused to do so.” Anyone who believes their iPhone is suffering from Touch Disease should get in contact with McCuneWright LLP, the Californian law firm handling the case. Apple has yet to address the Touch Disease issue in any official capacity. Amazon Dash Buttons Land In Europe Amazon Dash Buttons are invading Europe, initially launching them in the U.K., Germany, and Austria. Amazon launched its Dash Buttons The Best April Fools of 2015, Facebook Riffs with Friends, & More... [Tech News Digest] The Best April Fools of 2015, Facebook Riffs with Friends, & More... [Tech News Digest] Celebrating April Fools' Day 2015, Facebook's Riff app, the ASUS Chromebit, Amazon's Dash buttons, HBO on Sling TV, and homeless people reading mean tweets. Read More , thumb-sized buttons which allow you to order products with just one click, in the U.S. on March 31, 2015, leading many to suspect they were a sophisticated April Fools’ Day joke. They weren’t, and have actually proven so popular Amazon is expanding their footprint. Each Amazon Dash Button will cost £4.99 in the U.K., and €4.99 in Germany and Austria. However, the initial cost is refunded the first time you use it, effectively making them free. In the U.S., 150 brands have signed up to the scheme, while in Europe, Amazon is launching with just over 40 brands on board. I’ll be honest and admit I still think these are a dumb idea Crappy Crowdfunding: 10 Dumb Kickstarters We Did Not Support [Weird & Wonderful Web] Crappy Crowdfunding: 10 Dumb Kickstarters We Did Not Support [Weird & Wonderful Web] The success of crowdfunded innovations has attracted the brilliant...and also the inane and insane. Here are 10 of the absolute worst Kickstarter campaigns we could find. Watch them because they are comedy gold. Read More , but obviously not everyone agrees with that assessment. Android Adds In Apps Search Function You can now search for information 4 Steps to Find Information on Someone Online 4 Steps to Find Information on Someone Online Hunting for someone online is never as shown in the movies. Like the real world, there's a lot of spadework involved. If you have legitimate reasons to check on someone, here are some tools. Read More lying dormant in one of the many apps you have installed on your Android handset. This is thanks to Google adding an In Apps search option, which will search through apps for specific contacts, messages, songs, videos, tasks, or notes. To make use of this feature, just open the Google app and find the In Apps tab. Now that SETI may have found proof of extraterrestrial lifeforms, maybe they can search for the existence of an Android update. — not Jony Ive (@JonyIveParody) August 31, 2016 The In Apps search option initially only works with Gmail, Spotify, and YouTube. However, Google will be adding more apps, including Facebook Messenger, LinkedIn, Evernote, and Google Keep, in the future. All searches are conducted entirely on your phone, so it’s available whether or not you’re connected to the internet. Russia Has Its Own Superheroes And finally, despite what Hollywood would have us believe, not all superheroes are American. In fact, one particularly nasty looking bunch of badasses are Russian. They’re the Guardians, the Russian answer to Marvel’s comic book heroes Bam! Pow! 8 of the Best Ways to Read Comics Online for Free Bam! Pow! 8 of the Best Ways to Read Comics Online for Free There are plenty of places you can read comics for free online. These eight websites let you get into comics for the first time, catch up on older issues, or look for hidden treasures. Read More , with obvious similarities to Guardians of the Galaxy. A trailer for Guardians has been floating around the web for a while, but now that it has been dubbed in English, we can truly appreciate it. After all, where’s the fun in watching a bear-man thing shooting everything in sight unless we can also hear what’s being said? OK, that’s a bad example because it’s awesome regardless. [H/T The Verge] Your Views on Today’s Tech News What steps should websites take to prevent these large-scale hacks? Will you be joining the Touch Disease class action against Apple? Do you use Amazon Dash Buttons? Have you got any plans to do so? Will you make use of Android’s new In App search tab? Would you pay to watch Guardians with anything other than Monopoly money? Let us know your thoughts on the Tech News of the day by posting to the comments section below. Because a healthy discussion is always welcome. Tech News Digest is a daily column paring the technology news of the day down into bite-sized chunks that are easy to read and perfect for sharing. Image Credit: Christiaan Colen via Flickr Previous PostMicrosoft Attacks Apple Macs, Work For Google For Free… [Tech News Digest]Next PostSamsung Recalls the Galaxy Note 7, Google Kills Project Ara… [Tech News Digest] 1 comment Write a Comment SofySunnyRay August 31, 2016 at 9:29 pm djhgfnbvc v bdbdzbbdbdfb Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1626 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway James Bruce January 3, 2017 03-01-2017 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Trending 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Gaming 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Ben Stegner January 4, 2017 04-01-2017 Free Games for PS Plus & Xbox Live in January 2017 Gaming Free Games for PS Plus & Xbox Live in January… Ben Stegner January 3, 2017 03-01-2017 The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing Insurance Fraud Buying Guides The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing… Moe Long January 2, 2017 02-01-2017 Advertisement Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Apple travesty is a reminder why Britain must leave the lawless EU Ambrose Evans-Pritchard 31 August 2016 • 7:55pm Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief, exercises powers that would not be tolerated in a democracy Europe's Competition Directorate commands the shock troops of the EU power structure. Ensconced in its fortress at Place Madou, it can dispatch swat teams on corporate dawn raids across Europe without a search warrant.  It operates outside the normal judicial control that we take for granted in a developed democracy. The US Justice Department could never dream of acting in such a fashion. Known as 'DG Comp', it acts as judge, jury, and executioner, and can in effect impose fines large enough to constitute criminal sanctions, but without the due process protection of criminal law. It misused evidence so badly in pursuit of the US chipmaker Intel that the company alleged a violation of human rights. Apple is just the latest of the great US digital companies to face this Star Chamber. It has vowed to appeal the monster €13bn fine handed down from Brussels this week for violation of EU state aid rules, but the only recourse is the European Court of Justice. This is usually a forlorn ritual. The ECJ is a political body, the enforcer of the EU's teleological doctrines. It ratifies executive power.   Watch | Tax expert: all the talk from Apple is 'bluster' 01:04 We can mostly agree that Apple, Google, Starbucks, and others have gamed the international system, finding legal loopholes to whittle down their tax liabilities and enrich shareholders at the expense of society. It is such moral conduct that has driven wealth inequality to alarming levels, and provoked a potent backlash against globalisation. But the 'Double Irish' or the 'Dutch Sandwich' and other such tax avoidance schemes are being phased out systematically by the G20 and by a series of tightening rules from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The global machinery of "profit shifting" will face a new regime by 2018. What is really going on - as often in EU affairs - is a complex political attack on multiple fronts We can agree too that Apple's cosy EU arrangements should never have been permitted. It paid the standard 12.5pc corporate tax on its Irish earnings - and is the country biggest taxpayers - but the Commission alleges that its effective rate of tax on broader earnings in 2014 was 0.005pc, achieved by shuffling profits into a special 'stateless company' with its headquarters in Ireland.  "The profits did not have any factual or economic justification. The “head office” had no employees, no premises and no real activities," said Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief. This may be true but that does not empower the Commission to act arbitrarily, retroactively, and beyond the rule of law. What is really going on - as often in EU affairs - is a complex political attack on multiple fronts. It is a reminder of why Britain must remove itself entirely and forever from the clutches of this Caesaropapist construction. Apple's chief executive, Tim Cook, has a €13bn axe to grind, but he is almost certainly right in arguing that Mrs Vestager is making up state aid rules as she goes along, and has yet to produce evidence that Dublin granted Apple a sweetheart deal on taxes. "This claim has no basis in fact or in law," he said. Place Madou in Brussels, home to the EU's shock troops "The Commission’s move is unprecedented and it has serious, wide-reaching implications. It is effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws. This would strike a devastating blow to the sovereignty of EU member states over their own tax matters, and to the principle of certainty of law in Europe," he said. Ireland is now in the odd position of being told that it must claw back €13bn of back taxes from Apple even though it categorically rejects the legal arguments of Mrs Vestager. "They're overreaching their competence. The European treaties say the individual states are responsible for taxation policy. This is an approach through the back door to try and influence tax policy through competition law," said Ireland's finance minister, Michael Noonan.  We have to see this for what it is - a highly politically-motivated targeting of a small member state along with a clear bias against US multinationalsMichael Hayes, Fine Gael MP The EU authorities are trying to subvert the sovereign prerogative of the elected Dail to determine Irish tax and fiscal policies, and some are clearly hoping to shut down Ireland's special low tax model and end its role as an off-shore aircraft carrier for US companies. "We have to see this for what it is - a highly politically-motivated targeting of a small member state along with a clear bias against US multinationals," said Fine Gael MP, Michael Hayes. Washington is outraged. The US Treasury Jacob Lew warned Brussels earlier this year that it was seeking "to impose penalties retroactively based on a new and expansive interpretation of state aid rules,” and that it appeared to be "targeting US companies disproportionately". Last week the US Treasury accused Mrs Vestager of "chilling" Transatlantic ties in a blistering report on the EU's campaign of state aid probes. It said Brussels was deviating from established case law and had "collapsed the concepts of 'advantage' and 'selectivity'. The report came within a whisker of alleging outright chicanery, deception, and lies. US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew has accused the EU of picking on US companies and breaching legal doctrines Needless to say, there is Treasury money at stake. American companies are allowed to deduct their payments to foreign tax authorities, so such fines cut US tax revenue dollar for dollar. "That outcome is deeply troubling, as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the US government and its taxpayers,” said the report. Washington has invited the problem by failing to reform the US corporate tax system. The US rate is badly out of line with the rest of the world at 35pc - and higher under some effective rates - and this is compounded by the effects of its world-wide tax code. "American companies feel squeezed by the new rules coming and that is why they do these complex tax deals in Europe. If the US tax rate came down to the low 20s, they wouldn't bother any more," said one official. "Obama didn't grapple with this issue because it is a can of worms, but it is a can that has to be opened," he said. Apple tax avoidance graphic Behind the shadow boxing is a strong suspicion that powerful forces in the EU are trying to use state aid probes to break the global dominance of America's technology giants, vainly hoping to nurture its own 'Silicon Valley' behind a digital wall. Amazon, Facebook, Google, as well as Apple, are all under fire, and Microsoft has fought an epic battle. The view in Washington is that Mrs Vestager's probe of the Russian gas giant Gazprom is being conducted with kid gloves, and that she is strangely accommodating over the Nord Stream pipeline so favoured by Germany. It is almost as if some in Brussels view America as the real enemy. The US has in the past played down the episodic outbursts of anti-Americanism, but patience is wearing thin and the strategic calculus is shifting. Donald Trump has already warned that he is willing to "walk away" from NATO altogether. Others question ever more loudly exactly why the US should continue to guarantee the EU's eastern border against Vladimir Putin's Russia if Brussels is behaving in such an unfriendly fashion - and without the American security blanket a disarmed Europe is almost completely defenceless.  The EU needs to watch its step. Apple tax row   Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Apple European Court of Justice European Union Europe Show more Business latest 06 Jan 2017, 9:30pm FTSE 100 records longest run of weekly gains since Brexit vote and Dow Jones eyes historic 20,000 mark after US jobs data 06 Jan 2017, 8:00pm Comment: Why Paris is not a real rival to the City of London Allister Heath Premium 06 Jan 2017, 3:44pm Game of Thrones fans help Gatwick Airport hit record number of passengers in 2016 06 Jan 2017, 3:32pm US wage growth accelerates as Trump prepares to take office 06 Jan 2017, 3:14pm Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management retreats from UK retail market 06 Jan 2017, 1:27pm Japan rallies around Toyota after Donald Trump's criticism of Mexico car plant 06 Jan 2017, 1:22pm Jamie Oliver closes six of his Italian restaurants blaming collapse in sterling and tough trading  06 Jan 2017, 1:16pm UK productivity edges up but growth still flounders below pre-crisis levels 06 Jan 2017, 12:51pm Shares in engineer Fenner soar as oil and gas market shows glimmer of life 06 Jan 2017, 11:10am Mountain Warehouse shakes off the high street chill with record sales 06 Jan 2017, 11:01am TP Icap soars after Trump trading boost 06 Jan 2017, 10:10am Promising L&G and bombed-out Next: two additions to Questor's income portfolio Premium 06 Jan 2017, 9:27am Samsung brushes off Note 7 catastrophe as profits set to hit three-year high 06 Jan 2017, 9:05am The app that warns investors when Donald Trump tweets about companies  06 Jan 2017, 8:28am Passenger numbers on the rise at easyJet despite turbulent year 06 Jan 2017, 7:40am Barclays' Japan chief quizzed by Libor squad 06 Jan 2017, 6:00am Comment: Business is ready to get to work to make the most of Brexit Carolyn Fairbairn Premium 05 Jan 2017, 8:37pm Comment: The post-Brexit mini-boom has defied the economist 'monoculture'  Allister Heath Premium 05 Jan 2017, 7:31pm Comment: Why trade doesn’t need trade deals –as Sir Ivan Rogers seems to believe Juliet Samuel Premium 05 Jan 2017, 6:38pm Comment: Before running for president, Mark Zuckerberg should grow up and admit the damage Facebook does to democracy  Jeremy Warner Premium 05 Jan 2017, 5:59pm FTSE 100 enjoys longest run of record closing highs since 1997 If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
HOT TOPICS Trump Brexit Feminism Free speech Sections Politics Spiked Review Culture Science & Technology Archive About Events Donate Follow Spiked Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Get The week @ Spiked by email every Friday! Sign up! EU EC: taking a bite out of Apple Rob Lyons columnist The European Commission’s tax-bashing of Apple is nothing to celebrate. Y 31 August 2016 Get spiked by email Yesterday, the European Commission unveiled a ruling that could mean tech giant Apple is forced to pay as much as $13 billion in back taxes to the Irish government. That is just slightly more than the annual cost of Ireland’s health service. If the ruling sticks, the money could be used to make a significant dent in Ireland’s massive national debt. Sounds like a wonderful windfall for Ireland. So why does the Irish government want the ruling overturned? In the early 1980s, Ireland was shockingly poor in comparison to its near neighbours, stuck on the periphery of Europe with few natural resources. New policies aimed to encourage investment from abroad. Ireland became attractive thanks to a combination of English-speaking workers, membership of the EEC (forerunner of the EU), and, most importantly, low taxes. Technology companies, in particular, piled in, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs and spurring a wider economic revival. Ireland became the ‘Celtic Tiger’. Ireland’s low-tax policies made a lot of sense. Why else would big firms invest there rather than in better developed countries like the UK, Germany or France? The ability to set its own taxes allowed Ireland to make itself more attractive in the marketplace for investment. Ireland’s corporation tax rate of 12.5 per cent is among the lowest in the EU for precisely that reason. The Commission’s ruling threatens Ireland’s reputation as a low-tax European base for companies from the US and other parts of the world. It offers a windfall in the short term, but threatens Ireland’s long-term economic strategy in the longer term. The Commission isn’t just neutrally implementing the rules of the EU. There is a long-running tax war going on, with high-tax, high-income countries like Germany and France increasingly irritated by the likes of Ireland, Luxembourg and even the Netherlands, which use low tax rates or tax loopholes to attract companies. That tax war intensified after the 2008 economic crisis, with governments looking harder at ways to jemmy more cash out of big firms to shore up their budgets. More importantly, these firms were a soft target for governments looking to deflect criticism away from their own failed economic policies. These initiatives were helped by so-called radicals like UK Uncut – a campaign group that became a stage army of placard-wielding tax collectors demanding that corporations cough up more. In reality, big firms like Apple, Amazon and Starbucks already pay many other forms of tax, from payroll taxes to VAT and business rates. In a letter to customers following the Commission’s ruling, Apple claimed it was already Ireland’s single biggest taxpayer. Moreover, realistic estimates for the amount of tax that could be clawed back wouldn’t, in most cases, make a huge difference to government finances. Only the combination of a small country, Ireland, and the world’s biggest company, Apple, makes this tax ruling look relatively impressive — and that’s based on a one-off clawback of tax due in a period spanning over a decade. And once the European courts get involved, that $13 billion figure is sure to be slashed. Must-reads from the past week Mick Hume Press freedom Leveson II: revenge of the freedom-snatchers Naomi Firsht Health New Year, same old nanny state Bridget Yuill Education The teaching assistants who took on the system Tim Black Free the press In defence of dirt-digging journalism Related categories Economy Europe For Europe, Against the EU Ireland The EU authorities are hardly the guardians of poor Ireland’s interests, either. It was the European Central Bank, after all, that demanded that the Irish government bail out failing banks like Allied Irish to the tune of €64 billion, before imposing austerity on Ireland in exchange for bailing out the Irish state. (The real beneficiaries of these harsh terms were the big banks in France and Germany who were on the hook, one step removed, for much of that Irish debt.) The Commission ruling is perverse and worrying. As Apple pointed out in that customer letter: ‘We never asked for, nor did we receive, any special deals. We now find ourselves in the unusual position of being ordered to retroactively pay additional taxes to a government that says we don’t owe them any more than we’ve already paid.’ Firstly, the ruling is another threat from the EU to Irish sovereignty. Secondly, it’s a threat to natural justice, applying additional taxes long after original taxes were agreed. It’s one thing to say that rules should apply moving forward; it’s another to say they should be applied retrospectively. Such arbitrary actions are hardly conducive to encouraging investment in the future. Despite the hype in the press, the real problem here is not powerful multinationals getting away with murder — it’s the moribund state of Europe’s economies. If those economies were growing strongly, governments would be far less interested in cracking down on one particular form of taxation or trying to find easy scapegoats among the few sectors that are thriving. If governments really want to balance their budgets and improve the living standards of their peoples, they need to start looking for solutions closer to home. Rob Lyons is a spiked columnist. For permission to republish spiked articles, please contact Viv Regan. Make sure you read these Phil Mullan Economic renewal after Brexit Phil Mullan EU No, Remain has not won the economic argument Jason Walsh There’s more to economics than tinkering with tax Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Spiked - humanity is underrated Site Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Monthly archive Free Speech Now! spiked review Log in RSS Selected categories Free speech Environment British politics USA Middle East View all categories... Selected writers Frank Furedi Naomi Firsht Mick Hume Brendan O'Neill Tom Slater Ella Whelan Joanna Williams spiked Ltd 27 Holywell Row London EC2A 4JB United Kingdom +44 (0)207 40 40 470 Email spiked © spiked Ltd 2000 - 2017. All rights reserved. See terms and conditions. spiked is not responsible for the content of any third-party websites. spiked uses cookies. Continued use of this site will be deemed to be acceptance of cookies.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2015 AAPL: 110.49 -1.99 How-To: Setup Photos and iCloud Photo Library with external storage + Time Machine backups Zac Hall - Dec. 15th 2015 12:18 pm PT @apollozac iPad Mac iPhone iOS how to Comments (45) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Over the weekend a good friend of mine shared a screenshot of a really scary error message from Photos for Mac. Every photo and video taken over the last two weeks failed to open, saying instead that ‘An error occurred while downloading a larger version of this video for editing.’ The solution? ‘Please try again later.’ and press OK. What’s worse is he was relying on the app’s Optimize Mac Storage setting to fit the library on his local storage and trusting iCloud not to screw things up along the way. And he didn’t have local copies backed up, a mistake he for obvious reasons regretted. Stories like these aren’t rare, which is why my colleague Jeremy wrote earlier this year that “iCloud Photo Library still isn’t worth the hassles,” despite Apple lowering iCloud storage costs. But I still recommend Photos and iCloud Photo Library, new features that topped my “favorite new Apple things from 2015 that will last for years” list, just not with the default setup. As with any cloud service, the one major caveat is ensure you have a reliable local backup (followed by plenty of patience at the start). While there’s no turning back data loss, I shared my personal Photos plus iCloud Photo Library setup with my friend, which he’s moving to now for a hopefully better experience. Below I’ll detail each step, which required a little research before I figured it all out, so you can hopefully have a positive experience with Photos and iCloud Photo Library as well. iCloud Photo Library Benefits First, let’s discuss the benefits of even bothering with Photos and iCloud Photo Library. Using iCloud Photo Library lets you shoot or import photos and videos from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, or the web and have them all go to a single library that you manage. Delete a photo or video from any signed-in device and it goes to a trash folder for 40 days and can be recovered from any device before it’s fully deleted. Edit a photo’s color or light or crop it and apply a filter and the changes appear everywhere and can be reversed. Create an album from any signed-in device and it appears everywhere else without syncing with iTunes. Select the heart icon on any photo or video and it appears in a Favorites album on all your devices. This is how I find the 200 photos that I really like the most out of 13,000 that I’ve taken over the years, which comes in handy when it’s time to make a Christmas calendar at the end of the year. Finally, iCloud Photo Library (with a subscription to a proper storage tier) lets you access huge sets of photos and videos from iPhones and iPads (and Macs) which would otherwise have too low storage. Using the ‘Optimize Storage’ option lets you see thumbnails of your whole library and selectively download only the photos and videos you open. My iPhone 6s Plus is 128GB and it can’t comfortably store my photo library plus apps and offline music; even using the free Photo Stream feature on a 16GB iPad Air meant installing very few apps to accommodate the storage needs. Turn on iCloud Photo Library and you may still see the occasional low storage warning, but Photos will respond in the background by removing full images and videos stored in iCloud to free up space. iCloud Photo Library Risks But any number of things could go wrong with iCloud Photo Library or your iCloud account in general. So I do not recommend using Photos and iCloud Photo Library with Optimize Storage turned on anywhere without a Mac using the Download Originals option somewhere. The problem is your Mac may not have enough internal storage to hold your entire photo library either, but Photos on OS X lets move your Photos library from the default Photos folder to cheaper and higher capacity external storage with little work. But even with photos and videos downloaded locally either internally or externally, it’s possible something could go wrong with iCloud Photo Library and even your local files could get hosed in the process. OS X features a system backup tool called Time Machine that “automatically makes hourly backups for the past 24 hours, daily backups for the past month, and weekly backups for all previous months. The oldest backups are deleted when your backup drive is full.” By default, external drives are excluded, but you can easily change this in the Time Machine settings within System Preferences. Having at least one Mac with Photos setup to download original photos and videos that backup to Time Machine greatly minimizes the risk that something will get hosed in iCloud Photo Library. (I understand not using the service if you have a bad experience somewhere else along the way, but these steps should help iCloud Photo Library work for you.) My Setup Here’s exactly what I use plus recommendations: Always-on Mac mini (this is my desktop setup, MacBooks, iMacs, and Mac Pros are fine too but being connected often is key) Samsung 840 EVO 250GB SSD internally to speed things up Seagate Expansion 2TB HDD externally to hold my Photos and iTunes libraries (although I’d opt for a Thunderbolt G-Drive if buying today) Apple AirPort Extreme + Seagate Expansion 5TB HDD for Time Machine backups (Apple also offers 2TB and 3TB Time Capsules which are Extremes with internal drives) 200GB iCloud storage for $2.99/month to sync my 13,080 photos and 1,015 videos and counting, plans go up to 1TB for $9.99/month. The Mac is always on and regularly syncs and downloads my iCloud Photo Library to Photos even when the app is closed. I upgraded the slow hard disk drive that came with my Mac for a faster solid state drive (guide here), sacrificing storage for speed. I keep a larger external drive connected over USB 3 which works fine, although a faster Thunderbolt drive will eventually replace that for me. Apple’s AirPort Extreme is pricey but I use Apple’s AirPort Utility app enough that it’s worth it for me, plus I connect a larger external drive to it to hold all my Mac’s Time Machine backups. Finally, Apple’s $3.99/month plan gives me 200GB of iCloud storage and I’ve got about 80GB free so there’s room to grow for me. Your specific needs will vary, but you should get the general idea. Once you’ve got all the pieces in place, there are a few settings that differ from the defaults you’ll want to know about. If you’re Photos library won’t fit on your internal drive, you can move it from the Pictures folder in Finder to your connected external drive. The trick here is to remember to set the new location as your system library in the Preferences for Photos. Only the System Photo Library can sync with iCloud Photo Library, although you can create additional libraries stored internally or externally that backup if you have the need. The Download Originals to this Mac option in the Preferences for Photos should be checked on for the whole process to ensure this is the true version of your photo collection. This means your photos and videos are fully saved locally and not relying on iCloud for access. Next, if you’re responsibly using Time Machine backups, keep in mind that the default system setting is to ignore external drives. You can change this in the System Preferences app under Time Machine > Options > Select drive > click – (minus) > Save. This step is key and took some initial Googling on my part when I first had the thought to go this route. Knowing I have my whole iCloud Photo Library saved locally and backed up with my desktop Mac allows me to use the Optimize Storage option on my MacBook, iPhone, and iPad, giving me full access to my photos and videos regardless of local without worrying about losing data. Additionally, you could add online backup with services like Backblaze or CrashPlan for added peace of mind (just check how external drives are handled). If you’re Mac and external hard drives are stolen or destroyed in a fire, you’re back to relying on iCloud alone to recover your photo library. Budgets and bandwidths will vary, obviously, so consider this piece a non-essential add-on to the equation. For me, I consider external storage and Time Machine backups essential to using iCloud Photo Library with Photos. No matter how good iCloud got at being a reliable cloud service, it’s solely my responsibility to ensure that my personal photo collection of my daughter growing up doesn’t disappear one day. Have you own Photos and iCloud Photo Library setup that you trust? Let us know in the comments. Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide Mac View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Bruno Fernandes (@Linkb8) - 1 year ago Reply Spend the money, buy Lightroom and forget about any software from Apple having anything to do with Photos. They’ve been trying for almost 15 years now and it’s obvious they still don’t get photo storage, locally, let alone in “the cloud.” Then just use Time Machine the way you always do and your backups are taken care of. No worries. Use as many external or other disks as you want. LikeLiked by 3 people jramskovk (@jramskovk) - 1 year ago Reply “Then just use Time Machine the way you always do and your backups are taken care of. No worries. Use as many external or other disks as you want.” Just make sure you have a remote backup as well. No local backups will do any good if your house burns or someone breaks in and steals all your hardware. LikeLiked by 1 person Junaid Kureshi - 1 year ago Reply Lightroom, looks very difficult to manage one have to go full tutorial, its not easy like Photos app. LikeLike Stephanie Booth - 8 months ago Reply spent weeks tinkering with both Lightroom sync and Apple Photos — Apple Photos won hands down, and I’ve been using Lightroom for years and love it. Lightroom sync on macbook, iPad, iPhone resulted in duplicate mismanagement which was worse than anything I’ve seen with iCloud Photolibrary. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago Reply Great article. I’ll be getting a RAIDed NAS in the new year and photos and iTunes are the first things I’m moving out of my Mac. I have enough space for them (a 1 TB boot drive and a 500GB as a backup for critical stuff) but my next system probably won’t be so endowed. Better to get things sorted out now. Plus it will add an additional layer to my backup strategy. I’ll be bookmarking this article for future reference. LikeLike jramskovk (@jramskovk) - 1 year ago Reply Remember that RAID != backup. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago -sigh- Yes it is if you know how to use it. I agree that a striped RAID is in and of itself not a backup. But if you use a RAID volume as a backup then it is a backup volume. My TimeMachine destination will be going to the RAID so it will be a backup. If you have a RAID with redundancy built in, like the RAID 1 I’m going to be using, that’s two copies. If one drive goes down I can replace it and it will restore from the other. It’s all how you manage your volumes. My iTunes and Photos libraries will be on the NAS, so they’ll be copied on both volumes and can be restored from either. Then I’ll be doing periodic backups from the RAID to an external USB drive kept offsite. I ran servers for too long to trust just one level of backup. LikeLike jramskovk (@jramskovk) - 1 year ago You are correct that with something like RAID1, you’re creating a mirror and effectively have two copies of the same data. What you are forgetting is that there can be many errors besides a harddrive failure. If you write corrupted data to your drive, you’ll end up with two copies of the same corrupted data and no backup. Striped RAID or RAID0 really isn’t RAID. RAID should only be used as a way to minimise the problems causes by disk failures. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago Correct, but that’s true of any system. Write errors are always a risk. That’s why multiple layers of redundancy are needed. Even then you still could lose it all. LikeLike Marc Orcutt - 1 year ago Reply Please be aware that you cannot use iCloud synching if the photos library is on a NAS. I moved mine to a Drobo unit on my network and wasn’t able to enable iCloud synching afterwards as Apple prohibits that with network drives/NAS. Of course, that sucks as, if you have a lot of photos/videos, you naturally want to move it to external storage and NAS is a great way to go. LikeLike borasahinoglu - 1 year ago Reply For the error part just change the DNS to google 8.8.8.8 LikeLike Kevin (@kcmhflyer) - 1 year ago Reply iPhoto is the worst program. Fails constantly on my MAC. Apple really died with Jobs. LikeLike taoprophet420 - 1 year ago Reply They don’t have iPhoto anymore. iPhoto was one of most raved applications when Apple still did the iLife suite. I do think Photos is neglected and should get regular updates and feature improvements. iTunes also needs regular updates like it used to get. I agree under Jobs the software would not get neglected like it does now. I think for one the designers are moved to much between projects and platforms. They are moved between designing IWatch software, Apple TV, iOS, OS X and Apples apps for iOS and OS X. The departments should be more clearly defined or Apple should higher way more software engineers. Apple needs to focus on its software again. I preferred when Apple did the yearly major iLife updates since new features and bugs were squashed quickly. Photos has not seen a major update since Apple first released it. LikeLiked by 1 person ericisking - 1 year ago Photos was only launched about 7 months ago. Seems a bit too soon for a “major update”. You said yourself that they used to do major iPhoto updates once a year. LikeLike SKR Imaging - 1 year ago Apple still does iLife.. it just replaced iPhoto in iLife with Photos… as for the major update part, Apple will surely announce Photos to version 2.0 along with the OSX 10.12 announcement at WWDC 2016… in El Capitan, they added Photos Extensions to the mix.. though I personally feel they missed the ball by not allowing users to round trip edited photos to a higher res filetype like TIFF instead of the compressed to hell JPEG.. maybe they will add an option in the next update.. It’s time to leave iPhoto behind.. it was slow when you had a lot of photos and Photos handles large libraries like a charm. LikeLike Louie Tran (@thegeeksoffice) - 1 year ago Reply Just use Google Photos and call it a day. Too many moving parts here LikeLike ericisking - 1 year ago Reply The whole point of the article is not trusting a cloud service with all your photos – i.e. configuring a set-up which includes local copies, and backups of those local copies. Whether or not you then use Google Photos or iCloud or Dropbox or whatever to store copies in the cloud is irrelevant to the article’s premise. LikeLiked by 2 people nathanwise - 1 year ago Reply Exact setup I use and works like a charm. Highly recommend. LikeLike ennol - 1 year ago Reply can anyone explain the difference in deleting using the backspace key – and in deleting using the cmd+backspace key? it asks if you want to remove from all devices on the latter – but in my tests it did so even when simply using the backspace key… anyone knows? LikeLike SKR Imaging - 1 year ago Reply my workflow resembles the author’s with one difference.. NO CLOUD…. External drive is a must and because I don’t want to use iCloud Photo Library, I have the option to have my photos on the external drive in a folder structure I manage… the Photos Library only “references” to the external drive.. So if for some reason I want all my RAW photos to be used in another app like say DXO Optics Pro, I don’t lose my Photos app albums and keywords and I can use any app I want with my photos… just uncheck “Copy items to the Photos library” in the Preferences of the Photos app if you wish to organize your pics in a folder structure. LikeLike Bryan O'Malley (@bryanomalley) - 1 year ago Reply Has anyone tried this with a NAS instead of an external HDD? I’d like to get a Synology to hold all of my local files (across multiple computers). Since it will be RAID and have tons of storage I’d like that to be the main storage location for my Photos Library. Does putting the Library on a Network Attached device add enough trouble to make it unusable? LikeLiked by 1 person Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago Reply That’s exactly what I’m hoping to do. With a Sinology NAS even. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago Synology LikeLike jramskovk (@jramskovk) - 1 year ago Reply I don’t use Apple Photos so I don’t know whether it will work with a NAS, just make sure to have a good backup of your NAS as well if you go this route. LikeLike Marc Orcutt - 1 year ago Reply You can’t use the iCloud synch/backup feature if you move your Photos library to a NAS. Apple prohibits that. LikeLike Dmitry Avramenko - 1 year ago Reply Great article, I was planning this for a while. I would like to ask everybody’s opinion on having two separate external storage devices as author suggests for TimeMachine and for external copy of the photos library. My setup is slightly different. I just bought 12Tb Lacie hardware raid and set it up as RAID 1 (6 TB X 6TB ). So I have redundancy on the data. Then I created two partitions: Partition 1 is – 2TB just for TimeMachine backups and Partition 2 – 4TB for external storage to which I am moving my photos library. Now, obviously at the end this is still the same hardware and should Lacie RAID fail, I potentially could lose both TimeMachine Backup and photos backup. But having two separate devices attached at the same time seem like a bit of an overkill. What is your opinion, separate hardware device for each purpose or what I described would pass your level of paranoia about data-loss? (I would still have iCloud copies of data as well in addition to the RAID) LikeLike Adrian Sanchez - 1 year ago Reply Do i just drag the Photo Library Icon into the external? LikeLike prius3 - 1 year ago Reply Apple should, first of all, provide iCloud space at least as big as the iPhone you buy, for free. And add that to any other portable device you have. That for starters. 5GB of Cloud space for free is ridiculous. You cannot even backup your 700€ (!!) phone on it. That said, the Cloud library is a great idea. But considering upload speeds at home (in <10Mbit ranges) makes the setup a burden as soon as you have something in the order of a GB or more. I have about 70GB…and even if I have 120Mbit DL speed, I have only 6Mbit UL speed and my provider is not changing that anytime soon. No other chance available yet. I live in Munich in Germany, not in some lost village in the middle of nowhere. Maybe other cities/countries have better UL speeds available from their providers. It would take me 1.5 days to upload the whole thing (with no breaks). Similarly to iCloud Photo Library, Apple Music iCloud Music library would be nice. Too bad it presumptuously destroyed years of work in building my library, by changing artwork, substituting songs you rightfully own with DRM versions of them (in case you accidentally delete a file from your Mac and press the "download" button to get a new copy it matched to; the DRM copy will disappear if you disable Apple Music…), or does not even match correctly its own iTunes music you bought from them (either because the song is not available anymore, for some reason; or not available as a single anymore, etc; or because for some magical reason the song you bought is now 1 sec longer or shorter than what they have now in their library and doesn't match anymore). So, I think this all works really well if you start from scratch or very little library, no ripped CDs, no previously bought songs at iTunes or elsewhere. And you saved money buying a 16GB iPhone – with the 100€ you save, actually a bit more, you can get Apple Music, OR, a bit more storage on iCloud… Otherwise, better stay local, if you want to stay with Apple. This time, sorry, it just DOESN'T work. LikeLike Renée Mineart - 1 year ago Reply Good article. My housemate has lost SO many photos over the years to iCloud (or is it iBlackHole?) Anyway, I’d love to set this up on my computer and hers. I have a nice, roomy NAS drive I’m going to configure with Time Machine. You show a number of configuration screen shots, but where did you go for these? They look nothing like the iCloud settings on my Mac. I’m not normally this thick, but can’t find it. LikeLiked by 1 person Stephen Chininis - 1 year ago Reply confused me too – he is in the preferences of Photos, not system preferences ; ) LikeLike Ladislav Jonaštík (@lasloslav) - 12 months ago Reply Really? Fortunately, I haven’t lost a single photo so far.😀 LikeLike Brad Burke - 1 year ago Reply I use the same setup Zach! Too bad I had to figure it out myself through trial and error first. For those that don’t understand RAID, use FolderWatch with another attached drive. It keeps the folders synced as long as the program is running. I do agree with others on here that the Photos app is sometimes sticky. I have to go check on it now and then and restart the program because photos are not coming down from iCloud. A simple restart or re-open of the program seems to fix the issue but it’s still a bit frustrating. LikeLike G. Gabriel G. (@Manchi_) - 1 year ago Reply How exactly one does transfer the Photos library to an external drive? I dragged and dropped it into the drive, it copied it, but the Photos preferences still references the original folder location, not the copied one. Should I simply delete it after copied and then close and open the app, crossing my fingers it will automatically find the new location? Sounds too risky for me! LikeLike G. Gabriel G. (@Manchi_) - 1 year ago Reply this was left out of the instructions to move your Photo library (macworld had the answer): “Remarkably, you can just move it! Quit Photos. Copy the Photos Library by dragging it from the startup volume to your external volume. When complete, hold down the Option key and launch Photos. In Photos, select Photos > Preferences, and in the General tab, click Use as System Photo Library.” LikeLike Abberin - 1 year ago Reply Am I missing something about removing photos from my iPhone? All the photos I take clutter my storage and I haven’t found an easy way to get the photos OFF my device and securely on my Mac. Do tell. LikeLike Jill Barker - 1 year ago Reply is there a way to just back up my photos using time machine and my external hard drive? LikeLike Junaid Kureshi - 1 year ago Reply This article is referring to put the Photos file to external drive and use it to turn on photos iCloud, but when i did that i got this message “iCloud features for photos are only available in the system photo library” why is that so. LikeLike Junaid Kureshi - 1 year ago Reply Sorry my bad, I got it LikeLike Ladislav Jonaštík (@lasloslav) - 12 months ago Reply I would like to have my Favorites always stored locally. For example there are videos I use to show to my friends but they took so long to download everytime. LikeLike Scott Lepich (@scottlepich) - 9 months ago Reply Awesome. Good set up option. Thanks for putting this together. One note: the AirPort Extreme has only a USB 2.0 port, so it’s just a slow backup and there is no point in paying extra for a USB 3.0 drive. My guess is this is to make you buy a time capsule instead. Instead of an airport disk, I’m going to to go with a NAS solution that has AFP/time machine backup options: https://www.qnap.com/i/en/tutorial/con_show.php?op=showone&cid=58 On a personal note, Apple makes backups difficult seemingly just to sell the extra cloud space, or a more expensive product to stay within their ecosystem. This is unfortunate considering the upfront cost of all their devices and the less-than-upfront manner that most of us encounter these problems months after purchase. Thanks again for your tutorial, great information. LikeLike Paul Dawsey - 9 months ago Reply I don’t quite follow the article. I thought it was going to address my problem, but I don’t think it does. I have a 1TB airport Timecapsule. I have a Mac Book Air with a 128GB hard drive, which is connected to the Timecapsule via WIFI. I have an ever expanding Photos library which is 119GB already. The library is stored on the Timecapsule. I would love to get all of my photos onto Photos on iCloud and have it synch, but it cannot do it because the photos are on an external drive. I would like to achieve (a) a good way of backup up my photos, and (b) a way of synching them so that i can access them across all devices and my wife can do this too. Can anyone recommend how I’d do this? Thank you in advance. LikeLike Paul Dawsey - 9 months ago Reply And if it is impossible with a networked hard drive, could I use an SD Drive instead? I’ll happily invest in the additional drive, but only if I have the confidence to know that it’ll work. LikeLike Stephanie Booth - 8 months ago Reply This is pretty much the setup I have been using since December. I also backup to crashplan. For crashplan to “see” inside the photolibrary package, I created a simlink to the masters folder. LikeLiked by 1 person Jeff Lake - 6 months ago Reply Nice sharing! I believe that transferring photos from iPhone to an external hard drive is always a wise choice. For one thing, it helps prevent permanent loss of your iPhone pictures. For another, it saves your computer when you find available storage is starting to wane, assuming that you plan to transfer iPhone photos to computer at first. Better yet, by copying photos from iPhone/iPad to external hard drive, you can view these photos on any computer since it is very convenient for you to bring the external drive everywhere. So I recommend you FonePaw iOS Transfer, you can transfer photos from iPhone to computer directly. I think it’s much better to backup my files and easy to use. LikeLike Brian Ramage (@BJMRamage) - 4 months ago Reply Super-Way-Late here….but can someone help answer a question about this setup. I have a Xfinity Modem/Router (yes leased, I know I could save money by buying…) In the steps it says to use the Airport Extreme and External Drive. Could I just hook up the External drive to my always-on computer? what benefit does hooking it up to the Router/Airport Extreme provide against just using the computer? THANKS!!! LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 6845 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Dear Tim Cook: Please surprise us with cool innovation Tech columnist wants to see a return of "One More Thing" excitement at Apple event. Post to Facebook Dear Tim Cook: Please surprise us with cool innovation Tech columnist wants to see a return of "One More Thing" excitement at Apple event.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2cf6KJ8 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 15 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow Dear Tim Cook: Please surprise us with cool innovation Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY Published 2:16 p.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 | Updated 9:24 a.m. ET Sept. 1, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham calls on Apple CEO Tim Cook to bring back the innovation that once wowed us. Apple CEO Tim Cook addresses the crowd at an Apple event in 2015, holding a new iPad Pro (Photo: Jefferson Graham) LOS ANGELES — Dear Tim Cook: I write this as a longtime Apple fan and tech enthusiast with a very simple request. Please wow me again on Wednesday, Sept. 7.   You know, like Apple used to do. Apple is staging another one of its mega press events in San Francisco next week to tout new products. And according to the analysts I’ve spoken to, this year we’re not going to get any breakthroughs, any radical redesigns, anything groundbreaking or jaw-dropping from the company that for many years had been considered among the most innovative in Silicon Valley. Instead, we're said to be seeing updates to existing product lines, highlighted by a minor update to the iPhone — with a faster processor and better camera. Yeah, yeah, we've heard it all before. You’re the CEO; please say it ain’t so. Tell me you’ve been holding everything so close to the vest and that all those folks who usually know what is going to happen before it happens — are just wrong. The tech press, the bloggers, the fan boys, they insist Apple has decided to wait for 2017 — the 10th anniversary of the iPhone — for a major redesign of the device, which Apple has historically done every two years, most recently with the iPhone 6 in 2014. I understand the thinking. But as Google, Facebook and Amazon clean your clock with new innovations in artificial intelligence, machine learning, virtual reality and augmented reality this year — areas where Apple has yet to be heard from in a big way — how long are we supposed to wait for Apple to catch up? Most of your events since you took over as CEO in 2011 have, with the exception of that one new product under your administration, the Apple Watch, just offered upgrades to existing products: a bigger iPad, a more powerful iPhone, a smaller MacBook laptop. Who can even remember any of the updates from last year? You know, for the phone, of which Apple said, "The only thing that's changed is everything." OK, I do. There was 3D Touch, a shortcut key I used once and forgot about. Live photos offered a video snippet with your photo. It was cool, the first time around, but hard to share. Finally, 4K video recording was added to the iPhone camera. That one I like, but the files are too big. Apple iPod Shuffle.  (Photo: Apple) Look what Samsung just did with the recent upgrade to its Galaxy Note smartphone, the 7. Waterproof design. You can unlock the phone with your eyes. Wireless charging. Now that’s forward-thinking. Don't get me wrong, I love last year's iPhone 6S; it's arguably Apple's finest iPhone to date. The extra power and the beauty of the improved iPhone camera are amazing. But for the buying public, a new camera for the iPhone clearly wasn't enough, as two successive down quarters on Wall Street prove. For the first time, a new iPhone didn't outsell the old iPhone, because consumers weren't given a good enough reason to buy. The old phones are so good most folks were happy to just hold onto them. I don't know how many extra devices got sold from the showmanship of your old boss, the late Steve Jobs, but it was sure fun to sit in the audience then. We loved those “One more thing,” moments, when he would surprise us with one ultra-cool announcement. It was the one more thing that showed us FaceTime for video calls on the iPhone, iMacs in color and that little iPod Shuffle. Remember those? Looking back now, none of these sticks out as rather innovative, but they sure seemed cool and cutting edge at the time. Yes, I know, you've done "One More Thing," too. But only once, in 2014, easily your best event to date, when you showed us a preview of the Apple Watch after already sneak-peeking the iPhone 6 and the Apple Pay mobile payment system. Your OMT moments have been rare, but welcome. So one more thing: I challenge you Tim Cook. Trump the analysts this year. Exceed expectations. Go bigger and better. Wow us again, like Apple used to. Please. Sincerely yours, Jefferson Graham USA TODAY Graham is a USA TODAY tech reporter, based in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @jeffersongraham 6845 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cf6KJ8 NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 3 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / January 06, 2017 Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. THE FRONT PAGE   IBM Predicts 5 Life-Changing Innovations for the Next 5 Years   In the next 5 years, IBM says we may see advances such as diagnostics for brain disorders based on speech pattern analysis and imaging devices that show the entire electromagnetic spectrum. Continue Reading... HAPPENING NOW World Wide Web Amazon Plans To Sell Its Own Line of Workout Clothes Cloud Computing New BlackBerry Smartphone with QWERTY Keyboard Ahead Apple/Mac Apple App Store Breaks Another Sales Record Government Lawsuit Seeks To Ban Google from U.S. Government Contracts Personal Tech Samsung Shows Off IoT, Entertainment, and Gaming Devices AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture   Government Test Hacked into Drones   T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option   MORE NEWS Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES Intel, Dell Show Off New Products New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Here Come Smart Stores With Robots The Big Thing in TV Sets is Big TVs An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Intel's New Chips May Appeal to Biz CES 2017: Five Things To Watch Lenovo Updates Enterprise Laptops Dell's XPS 13 Notebook Now a Hybrid Mark Zuckerberg To Visit All 50 States NEWS BY TOPIC Enterprise I.T. CES 2017: Wireless Charging Ahead An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Mobile Tech Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option Applications AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture What You Can Expect at CES 2017 Hardware Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts World Wide Web Amazon Readies Workout Clothing Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Network Security Norton Unveils Secure Wi-Fi Router Leery States Examine Cybersecurity Cloud Computing What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? IBM Intros Serverless Cloud Features Microsoft/Windows How Microsoft Embraced the Cloud Skype To Translate Calls in Real Time Apple/Mac Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit Personal Tech The Big Thing in TV Sets is Big TVs Samsung Focuses on IoT, Gaming Big Data AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture IBM: 5 Tech Advances for Next 5 Years CRM Systems Oracle Exec Quits in Trump Protest Better CRM Tech Helps Biz Up Sales Government Government Test Hacked into Drones Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Communications State Wants Broadband Cash in Pa. Cell Service May Come to Mt. Rainier Contributed Content Kensington Ups Device, Data Security Kensington's ErgoSoft Wrist Rests BITS & BYTES RANDOM BYTES Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit NEWS PICK Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 JUST THE FACTS Facebook Goes After Rival Snapchat THE LAST WORD What You Can Expect at CES 2017 NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Auto Deals Entertainment Gadgets Gaming Mobile Reviews Tech Web & Social Auto Deals Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Exclusive Featured Gadgets Guide Interview Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Netflix Opinion Podcast Preview Review Roundup Science Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Video Wearable Tech Web & Social Viral COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. New Apple App: Snapchat-Like Video Sharing App from Apple in 2017 Apple is reportedly working on a video-sharing app similar to Evan Spiegel's successful app by Usha Bhavani • August 31, 2016 August 31, 2016 in Apps & Software Apple's own Snapchat? There is a new Apple app on the horizon. Apple is reportedly developing a Snapchat-like video creating and sharing app, to be released next year. Snapchat has become so popular that everyone wants to copy it. Instagram couldn’t resist Snapchat’s Stories feature, Facebook is adding the augmented reality selfie filters – a very Snapchat-esque feature, and now Apple, the biggest tech company, is getting on the Snapchat video-sharing train. ADVERTISEMENT New Apple App Similar to Snapchat News of the latest Apple app first came VIA Bloomberg, which states that Apple “is starting to develop a video-sharing app” that will allow users to record videos and use a variety of doodles and filters to beautify them. Not just that, those videos can also be shared with contacts or on social media platforms. With the new video sharing app, users will be able to shoot, edit and upload videos less than 60 seconds. This Apple app is intended to be easy to use and can be operated “mostly with one hand and with the intention that video could be shot, edited, and uploaded in less than one minute.” While Snapchat is the main inspiration behind the new Apple app; the report states that Apple is also looking at offering video in a square format, a la Instagram. According to Bloomberg, Apple is targeting young users “growing up with Snapchat and Instagram.” This is said to be a stand-alone Apple app that may be featured into the existing Camera app. That means this will not be part of Apple’s Messages app, which is getting ready for the addition of new new graphics-rich features in iOS 10 soon. ADVERTISEMENT Self-Destructing Videos? No news on whether the videos will destroy themselves the way Snapchat and Instagram stories do. If they do, it will be a great feature that users might find more interesting as there is no fear of permanency to the videos they share on social media. Apple and social media haven’t gelled well so far. It is left to be seen if this new Apple app changes that; especially with the Final Cut Pro and iMovie team said to be behind this new video sharing app. Tagged in: Apple App / Apple Apps / New App / New Apps / Video Sharing App Share Tweet Usha Bhavani All Usha's Posts Comments Be The First to Comment Related Reads Android, Apple, Apps & Software ‘Best Fitness Apps’ of 2016: for Android and Apple Devices Neletha Skelton • February 13, 2016 Apps & Software, Tech ‘Facebook Apps’, News, Updates, New Features and More! MandaMartinotti • December 12, 2015 Android, Apps & Software, Mobile, Tech ‘Adobe Update’: Adobe Releases ‘Premiere Clip’ ‘Video Editor App for Android’ Stefan Simonovic • December 5, 2015 Apps & Software Get Your Videos Down To A Shareable Size With Video Shrinker JT Teran • December 9, 2013 Video BlackBerry 10 Calendar Sharing via Tag (Video) Ross Cheriton • December 5, 2012 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     IPhone 6 Users Sue Apple Posted: Aug 31 2016, 12:33pm CDT | by Noel Diem, in News | Apple   Photo Credit: Getty Images   There are dozens of angry iPhone 6 users posting complaints on Apple forums, they claim that there expensive phones have succumbed to "touch disease," a problem that makes them useless and unresponsive. The iPhone owners are upset because Apple will not replace or fix the phones because they are no longer under warranty. Don't Miss: NES Classic Alternatives are Cheaper The complaints started a year ago, but they went mostly unnoticed. That was until iFixit, a site that explores devices to see what happened to them, saw the problem pop up repeatedly. They named it touch disease. Just a few days later, Apple was hit with a lawsuit. "Apple has long been aware of the defective iPhones," states the suit, which was filed in federal court in San Jose, Calif. "Yet, notwithstanding its longstanding knowledge of this design defect, Apple routinely has refused to repair the iPhones without charge when the defect manifests." According to the analysis, the problem is a design fall in both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus that can result in the failure of a soldered internal connection. When that connection fails, users will see a flickering gray bar at the top of their screens and there will no longer be a response to touch commands. Some have had the problem come and go while others have had their phone rendered completely useless. Apple won't even confirm whether or not the problem exists, and the company has offered no solutions. It appears though that they acknowledged the problem, changing the designs on the newer version of iPhone 6s. Apple won't confirm whether or not touch disease exists, and the company offered no comment to the media. It also appears that newer versions of the iPhone 6s have a different design, and they are not affected by touch disease. One customer who goes by the screen name Esosnoski wrote on Apple's forum: "I don't think it was incorrect of me to assume that my $600+ phone would last for more than a year and a few days. I never dropped it, it doesn't have a scratch on it. Apple didn't sell me a phone that would possibly die in a year, what I mean is, if they had advertised their iPhone 6 Plus as only lasting a year I definitely would've paid for Applecare, however, they did not." Another user called Walmark looked at it form a different angle: "Does Apple have OBLIGATION to replace all the iPhone 6+ that are failing due to obvious manufacturing defect immediately after warranty expires? - Legally, no. But in my opinion they should still have the decency to do so, just to show that the customer loyalty is important to them." Apple is facing tons of competition, and there have been many signs that the quality of their phones is slipping. Could this be the start of the end of the company? Don't Miss the CES 2017 Highlights: Comments You May Like The Author Noel Diem Noel passion is to write about geek culture.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CST Apple Confirms $1 Billion Investment in SoftBank 1 day ago, 2:25am CST Apple iOS 10.3 Beta to Come with Theater Mode 3 days ago, 3:18am CST What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 4 days ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 6 days ago, 12:09pm CST Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 4 hours ago, 3:28pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CST CES 2017 Begins With Next-Generation Innovations 7 hours ago, 12:35pm CST CES 2017: Xiaomi Makes CES Debut With Mi TV 4 7 hours ago, 12:17pm CST Golden Globes 2017: What You Need to Know 7 hours ago, 12:13pm CST Killer Asteroids? The White House Has a Plan 8 hours ago, 11:23am CST Xiaomi Unveils World’s Slimmest And Compact TV At CES 2017 8 hours ago, 11:23am CST CES 2017: Here Is A Six-Inch Touchscreen Windows Desktop 8 hours ago, 11:06am CST Scientists Use Light to to Control Proteins Inside Live Cells 8 hours ago, 11:04am CST CES 2017: We will Eventually See A Haptic Display That May be Worthwhile 8 hours ago, 10:53am CST Featured News Lego Boost Is Hottest Toy of 2017 Sony XBR-A1E BRAVIA OLED 4K HDR Dolby Vision TV with Acoustic Surface Unveiled at CES 2017   CES 2017: Lenovo Unveils Windows Holographic VR Headset Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order Apple Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CST Apple Confirms $1 Billion Investment in SoftBank 1 day ago, 2:25am CST Apple iOS 10.3 Beta to Come with Theater Mode 3 days ago, 3:18am CST What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 4 days ago, 12:06pm CST More Apple Stories Latest News Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 4 hours ago, 3:28pm CST How to Find a Nintendo NES Classic in Stock in 2017 5 hours ago, 2:14pm CST Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Review: Hasselblad True Zoom Camera for Moto Z subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 08.31.16. 08.31.16 Time of Publication: 2:30 pm. 2:30 pm Review: Hasselblad True Zoom Camera for Moto Z Motorola The first rule of smartphone photography is don’t ever, ever zoom. (The second rule is “When in doubt, selfie.”) Phones don’t use optical zoom, which re-focuses a camera on a smaller frame, helping preserve image quality. They use digital zoom, which is just cropping. When you fling your fingers apart to see the band bigger on your phone screen, all you’re doing is chopping your photo down to a teeny-tiny rectangle. It won’t get sharper, or brighter. It will just suck. Don’t do it. Optical zoom is what you want, but optical zoom also requires a lot more lens hardware. Which would mean a bigger camera. Which would mean a bigger phone. Which you don’t want, most of the time. But “most of the time” is exactly what the Moto Z is trying to do away with. The modular phone lets you click on accessories when you need them, and yank them off when you’re done. Moto’s newest mod? The Hasselblad True Zoom, which adds a big lens with 10x optical zoom, a shutter button, and a flash to the back of your phone. It costs $250 if you buy it at a Verizon store, or $300 straight from Motorola, which makes no sense at all. When you attach the True Zoom, it actually covers the Z’s internal camera — it uses your phone’s software, but its own hardware. It turns your phone into something much more versatile than your average Android. WIRED As soon as you put on the True Zoom, it just becomes part of the Moto Z. It’s black and gray and looks like a camera, rather than the crazy phone-accessory contraption it really is. Having a dedicated shutter button, and a physical button for launching the camera app, is amazing. The True Zoom launches the camera app automatically as soon as it’s attached, so you’re up and firing quickly. Somehow Motorola resisted the urge to add a million settings to its software, so the Moto Camera app is clean and simple. You can control the camera manually if you like, and even shoot RAW, but things are automatic. Having 10x zoom (25-250mm, in 35mm terms) for smartphone photos is fantastic. It’s the difference between capturing the whole mountain, and the cool house at the top. The zoom is fast and smooth. It’s not just the zoom, either. All my photos look better through the True Zoom. All the specs are roughly equivalent to a decent point-and-shoot camera, but with this one you get access to Instagram, Google Photos, and every editing app you love. TIRED Your fancy new camera only shoots 1080p video, whereas the phone itself can capture in 4K. The True Zoom’s aperture range goes from f/3.5-f/6.5, which means your photos are going to look darker than you expect through this lens. A lot darker, in some cases, especially when you zoom all the way in. Don’t use this in low light. The shutter button’s a little mushy, and the image stabilization’s a little subpar, which together means I have a dozen otherwise in-focus photos that became blurry when I smashed the shutter trying to get it to work. Half-pressing the shutter to focus is nice, but it’s sloooow. When you flip the Moto Z around to take a selfie, the True Zoom turns off. Then you want the rear camera again, and the True Zoom has to whir back to life. Everything about the operation—the zooming, the turning on, the capturing a photo—is a little slow and a lot loud. Both phone and mod are thin and light, but put the two pieces together and your phone’s barely pocketable at all. Also, regardless of how good the True Zoom is, you have to be truly committed to Motorola to be able to use it at all. RATING 6/10 – Your phone deserves a better camera. This is a better camera, even if using it doesn’t always feel great. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cameras Hasselblad modular phones moto z Motorola Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email cameras Hasselblad modular phones moto z Motorola Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.17.16. 12.17.16 Time of Publication: 6:30 am. 6:30 am Review: Bragi Headphone Wireless Earbuds Bragi Ambition is the enemy of success. At least if you’re Bragi, the headphone maker whose first product, the Dash, did a thousand things without doing any of them particularly well. The Dash in-ear headphones slash head-mounted computer tried to tackle fitness, translation, gesture control, mixed-reality audio, and more. Which all might have been fine, except the Dash could barely hold a Bluetooth connection long enough to finish a song. This time Bragi’s back with a pair of headphones that do a lot of headphone things and not much else. As if to prove the point beyond all doubt, they’re even called The Headphone. For $149, these truly wireless earbuds pop out of their charging case and into your ears, where they’ll connect to almost any device. And, praise be, they tend to stay connected. The Headphone may not be the ear-puter of the future, but it’s a perfectly good set of truly wireless headphones. And that’s no small feat. WIRED If you’ve never spent a day with truly wireless earbuds, you’re missing out. The Headphone, like a lot of the good models in this space, are just small and light enough that you forget they’re there. Eventually it feels like beautiful music is just playing inside your head. The quarter-sized Headphone buds are much easier to hide or disguise than the long AirPods or the large Beats Solo. They fit snugly in my ears, and the tips create a nice seal. (You should experiment a bit, though, to find which of the included options fits best in your ears.) Bluetooth connection is solid, if not quite flawless yet. Once you get them working, these buds have reasonably dynamic, powerful sound, certainly more than I expected from a gizmo this small. Their neat audio-transparency feature lets you decide how much real-world sound you want to hear, You control playback with three buttons on the right earbud, which takes some getting used to but is much easier than the Dash’s inscrutable set of swipes and taps. TIRED Connecting the Headphone via Bluetooth is as simple as any pair of headphones, even if doesn’t have the one-touch magic of the new Apple devices. The Headphone’s battery doesn’t always hold up to the advertised six hours, and because the case doesn’t double as a charger you’re hosed if even one bud dies while you’re out. And oh, by the way, they don’t turn off when you put them in the case. I learned this the hard way. It can be awkward to know where to put these headphones when they’re not in your ear, which is why Bragi put the case on a lanyard so you can have it with you always. (Don’t wear the case, folks.) The membrane buttons don’t click, they smush. All of the Headphone’s parts, from the case to the buds themselves, feel a little cheaper than I’d like from a $150 set of earphones. Like the Dash, the Headphone’s microphone isn’t even good enough to dictate text messages accurately. They’re water-resistant enough for a run, but not a swim. RATING 7/10 – Their build doesn’t inspire much confidence, and some of the advanced tech needs some work, but The Headphone proves this kind of truly wireless earbud really can work. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. bragi Headphones Wireless headphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email bragi Headphones Wireless headphones Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.16.16. 12.16.16 Time of Publication: 6:20 am. 6:20 am Review: Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless Headphones Beats You wouldn’t think there would be that many different ways to make a wireless headphone. But in recent months, as every company with an Amazon profile has scrambled to put something in your ears with fewer cables and more capabilities, every imaginable color, shape, and size has been tried. Most of them are so big they’re hard to wear, or so small their batteries only last through half a Brian Eno track. But Beats, which has been making wireless headphones a lot longer than most, knows what it’s doing. The new Powerbeats3 Wireless earphones look just like the Powerbeats you already know from all those commercials. They’re not exactly understated; nothing from Beats ever is. And they don’t have the same sort of futuristic vibe you get from the totally wireless AirPods, either. But if you’re looking for a pair of headphones you can wear all day, every day, no matter the weather or your activity, these are pretty tough to beat. WIRED In addition to the buds that jam into your ear canals, the Powerbeats3 have big adjustable hooks on both sides that wrap over your ear to keep everything secure. As a result, they’re the most stable, comfortable wireless headphones I’ve ever tried. I can wear them all day without pain. The in-line remote is handy and useful, and the microphones in both buds are excellent for phone calls and Siri. Beats If you use Apple devices, the included W1 chip makes pairing absurdly easy and rock-solid, just as it does with AirPods and the Solo3 on-ear headphones. In two weeks of using the Powerbeats3, I’ve only had the audio drop out once, and only for an instant. The extra Bluetooth power means I can walk three rooms away and still be connected. The battery lasts at least the 12 hours advertised, which means I’ve only been charging them about once a week. They sound a little Beats-y, with big highs and lows that make everything a little more dramatic than it needs to be, but the mids come through really nicely and even out the sound a bit. TIRED Pairing the Powerbeats3 is really easy, but sort of opaque: you press the button on the headphones, hold them close to whatever device you’re pairing, and… wait for something to happen. It almost always works, but it’s still too much mystery. (If you pair it with any non-Apple device, it’s just like any other set of headphones.) The play/pause button on the remote is just mushy enough that I can never tell if I’ve actually pressed it. If you’re looking for true sound isolation, look elsewhere: the Powerbeats3 go into your ear, but not quite far enough to drown out the world. In Apple’s world of USB-C and Lightning, it’s dumb that these headphones charge with Micro USB. And, like all Beats products, the Powerbeats3 are both very expensive ($199) and very conspicuous. RATING 8/10 – You’re paying a little too much for the Beats brand and getting a little too much of that Beats sound, but these are fantastic workout headphones—and great for everything else, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Beats Bluetooth headphones Headphones Wireless headphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Beats Bluetooth headphones Headphones Wireless headphones Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 6:26 am. 6:26 am Review: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Typing on a mechanical keyboard is like driving a car with a manual transmission. It’s unwieldy at first and not for everyone, but there is no substitute for the immediacy and control. Sure, most people get by with the squishiness of those membrane keyboards Apple and Dell throw in the box, but those sheep live in a blissful state of unawareness. Mechanical keyboard people are woke. Yes, they are noisy. That only makes typing more fun. Sentences flow like music. Rhythmic lines blast by in quick succession. Tempos ebb and flow, each percussive phrase punctuated by the sharp thwack of the Enter key—which, on a quality keyboard, sounds like a gunshot. Passages express the range of human emotion, from the crack of an angry email to the pitter-patter of a gossipy Slack. Das Keyboard is among the premiere manufacturers of mechanical keyboards. Its latest, the Prime 13, is priced near the middle of the range at $149, but the Cherry MX Brown switches help it perform like a higher-priced model. These are quality German key mechanisms—the good shit. Under the keys, lies a soft backlight system powered by pure white LEDs. The black keycaps sport glowing white letters in a chunky typeface, and they’re nestled within a plate of matte-black anodized aluminum. In a product category that tends to skew garish and geeky, it’s refreshing to see something so austere. Just black and glowing white. So smooth. Even the 6-foot black braided cable looks the business. The Cherry Browns are renowned for a tactile “bump” at the point where the keystroke registers. The keys provide just the right amount of friction under the fingertips, and just enough clack-clack-clack to stimulate the brain’s pleasure center. This choice of switch makes the Prime 13 eminently approachable. If you’re looking for a place to start with mechanicals, you won’t find a better point of entry. WIRED A comfortable and smartly designed mechanical keyboard that’s a joy to type on; one of the best I’ve tried. Fast typists will love that tactile Cherry brown action. Key clicks are quiet enough not to totally annoy cubemates, but can get satisfyingly loud if strokes are delivered with authority or emotion. Rugged build—the entire top of the shell is a nice, thick aluminum plate. USB pass-through cable for connecting a mouse or another peripheral. TIRED It’s heavy (nearly three pounds) and not at all compact. Mechanicals are always on the larger side anyway, but the girth here clashes with the minimal aesthetic of the black-on-black, backlit design. Desktop ergonomics are mostly good, but there’s no getting around the bulk. Properly mapping the function keys and media keys on macOS took some trial and error. RATING 8/10 – Excellent. Your fingers deserve better than whatever you’re using right now, and this is a great upgrade. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. accessories mechanical keyboards Product reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email accessories mechanical keyboards Product reviews Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 04.23.16. 04.23.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 am. 5:48 am Review: Libratone Zipp The Zipp comes in two sizes. This is the larger one. Josh Valcarcel/WIRED The first Libratone speaker I remember testing was the company’s debut product from 2011, an AirPlay sound bar called the Lounge that mounted on the wall. After that there were other speakers, all covered in cloth, all rather large, and offering premium sound. There was the Loop, the Live, and the smaller, portable Zipp. Now, Libratone has redesigned the Zipp from the inside out, and the speaker is currently the company’s only product. Libratone doesn’t sell any of those old, big speakers anymore—just portables. Consider this a rebirth, I guess. The new Zipp is small, cylindrical, and battery-powered, all things that are very much in vogue. The speaker actually comes in two sizes, the 10-inch tall Zipp ($299) and the 8.8-inch tall Zipp Mini ($249). Both have little leather straps for handles, and both are covered in cloth. In fact, you can buy additional mesh cloth covers for $29 each, and you just (yep) zip them on. This portable boombox has a couple of cool tricks that set it apart from other wireless speakers. First, you can link up to six speakers together via Wi-Fi and place them around the house to spread out the sound. You can make them all play the same music, or play different tracks in each room and control it all from a single phone app, sort of like Sonos. Second, it supports multiple wireless options: you can use it as a Bluetooth speaker, or (once you connect it to your Wi-Fi network using Libratone’s app) you can stream music via AirPlay, DLNA, or Spotify Direct. WIRED Great sound for a small speaker. Inside the larger Zipp, there’s a 100-watt Class D amp, a 4-inch woofer, two 1-inch tweeters, and two 4-inch passive radiators. These are all placed around the face of the cylinder so the sound spreads out in a circle. It gets very loud, and while some small speakers sound like a car horn when you crank them, the Zipp sounds pretty natural at higher volumes. I played a lot of bass-heavy jams (Erykah, Nicola Cruz, Peter Tosh) and the little thing really thumps. The Zipp Mini (60 watts, 3-inch woofer, and one tweeter) doesn’t sound nearly as good, and I can’t recommend it—spend the extra $50 and get the bigger one. App makes connecting to your Wi-Fi network easy. Battery lasts longer than the quoted 10 hours; more like 12 in my testing at moderate volume. Also the speaker can charge your phone via a USB port in the base. TIRED The on-board controls are a mess. All interactions—changing volume, skipping tracks, linking multiple speakers together, favoriting songs—are accomplished via a big button on the top. There’s a capacitive metal ring on the outside of this button that you run your finger around to change the volume, but it’s garbage. Swipes and taps simply would not register half the time. One thing that does work is the “Hush” feature: hold your hand over the button for a second and the sound mutes. But that’s not enough to make me feel better. I wound up using my phone for skipping songs and changing volume, which is actually just fine because that’s how most people interact with a wireless speaker anyway. Charging is accomplished with a proprietary, wall-wart-style charger. This means you have another chunk of plastic to pack with you on vacation, and it means you can’t charge it with a USB cable like every other gadget in your home. RATING 6/10 Nice sound, nice features, but tough to really love. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. AirPlay Speakers bluetooth speakers libratone portable audio wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email AirPlay Speakers bluetooth speakers libratone portable audio wireless speakers Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 04.21.16. 04.21.16 Time of Publication: 4:00 am. 4:00 am Review: Beoplay A1 The Beoplay A1 speaker from Bang & Olufsen Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Danish consumer electronics maker Bang & Olufsen has a new Bluetooth speaker, the Beoplay A1. The aluminum sound-dome comes pre-accessorized with a quaint leather strap. Loop it through your belt, hang it on a door knob. Cute! The A1 is the smallest Bluetooth speaker in B&O’s Beoplay line of mobile products. It’s about 5 inches in diameter and about 2 inches tall, or about the size of a Quarter Pounder with cheese. Inside you’ll find two drivers: a 3.5-inch aluminum cone for lows and mids, and a 3/4-inch dome tweeter to handle the tippy-top end. A pair of 30-watt class D amps powers them. The rest of the A1 is seemingly all battery (it weighs a hefty 1.3 pounds)—a 2200 mAh cell that B&O claims gives you 24 hours of playback. The bottom half is rubberized, and you place the A1 on a table perforated side up so it fills the room with a fountain of audio waves. It doesn’t look like a big silver hockey puck, but rather a beautiful big silver hockey puck. As I carried it around the office, colleagues showered it with an unbroken stream of praise. “Oh, it’s gorgeous” and “That’s too pretty to be a speaker” and “I don’t know what it is exactly, but I want it.” That’s the nut of it. Smart design always has been the primary reason to buy a Bang & Olufsen product. You can find scads of excellent Bluetooth speakers for less than the $249 you’ll pay for an A1. But none of them will turn heads like an A1. Credit that to Cecilie Manz, who also designed the slightly larger Beoplay A2, and the lunchbox-like Beolit 15. The A1 and the A2, of course, share the same design language, right down to the leather strap and the perforations on the speaker grill. They display a visual sophistication that elevates these speakers above the slew of products that perform the same functions. So yes, if you want a speaker, there are many. If you want a beautiful speaker, this one’s among the beautifulest. WIRED Superb sound. B&O applies some gentle digital signal processing to keep the audio distortion-free as you crank it up, though it succeeds in keeping things crisp at all volumes. Music rarely sounds overly processed. The low end is far more powerful than expected from something this small; the fuzz bass in Ty Segall’s reading of “Diversion” rumbled the whole table. Gorgeous industrial design with a noticeable attention to detail. Leather strap makes it simple to mount on a wall, or anywhere really. Battery life is great—I got five days of heavy use out of it between charges. The USB-C charger blasts electrons to the battery with unmatched fury, bringing it from fully depleted to fully ready in less than 100 minutes. Works as a speakerphone. Choose between matte silver and mossy green. TIRED At $249, too pricey for most people. You’re buying this speaker because it sounds great and runs for a long time, but you’re mostly buying it because you like the way it looks. The cheaper UE Boom 2 ($200) doesn’t have the big bass or the big battery, but it is excellent in its own right and it’s waterproof. The Beoplay A1 is not waterproof—don’t hang it in the shower. The USB-C cable means that you can’t charge it with any of the 641 USB-not-C cables already in your home. What, no rose gold? RATING 8/10 Great sound, great design, but that’s a lot of Satoshis. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Bang and Olufsen bluetooth speakers Reviews wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Bang and Olufsen bluetooth speakers Reviews wireless speakers Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Gear Date of Publication: 04.06.16. 04.06.16 Time of Publication: 9:01 am. 9:01 am Review: Moleskine Smart Writing Set Moleskine Tons of people still prefer paper. Moleskine is living proof of this as a successful journal company whose revenue still chiefly comes from its paper products. But we live in a world where digital rules, and Moleskine knows it needs to participate. The Smart Writing Set ($200) caters to that segment of the population who still like jotting down ideas in an honest-to-goodness journal, but also want the convenience of automatically digitized notes. Pen, paper, and an app technically make up the writing set, but your smartphone provides much of the operating power needed to make the system work. Yes, there are other products that bridge the gap between analog and digital, letting you draw sketches or take notes then creating a shareable, editable version. (So many of them.) But how many can claim to be from a legendary brand? WIRED Moleskine has waded into digital products before, but it leveraged partnerships with other companies who already own a piece of that world (Evernote, Livescribe). The Smart Writing Set represents the company’s first effort to brand an entire pen-paper-and-app set by itself, and it’s clearly picked up a few smart things from experience. The black aluminum pen (a Neo smartpen) feels solid and sleek compared to Livescribe’s bulkier versions, and it incorporates some cool tech: a hidden camera that traces and digitizes your every stroke of the pen. The notebook itself—which Moleskine calls a Paper Tablet—is a big part of the offering, too, and it’s every bit a pleasure to write in as the company’s other journals. The app, meanwhile, lets you liven up your notes and sketches with colors or even erase portions of your notes. (It’s iOS only for now, with Android coming soon.) You can tag, search, or export each page, and sharing is compatible with a plethora of applications and devices, including iCloud, Google Drive, Evernote and Adobe. Oh, and the thing digitizes everything—and can even capture audio—as you write. There’s still something oddly hypnotizing about watching your pen strokes appear instantly on your mobile device, as if by magic. TIRED As a longtime Livescribe user, my biggest beef with Moleskine’s Smart Writing Set is that its recording capabilities are limited. There’s no way to hook up microphone earbuds, so I couldn’t use the paper tablet and pen to record phone calls—a crucial part of my job as a reporter. The system actually outsources much of its functionality to the smartphone. It relies on your smartphone’s mic to record audio, for one, and digitized notes take up smartphone memory—which is clever, since it allowed Moleskine to keep the pen’s design slim and sleek. But for $200, there isn’t a lot of tech on the pen itself. That also means constant fussing with the app to make sure your notes are being digitized properly. (Personally, I ran into problems with my notes going accidentally unrecorded when I forgot to power on the pen.) The pen’s battery lasts for five hours of continuous writing, which is pretty good—but it may have you running out of juice unexpectedly after a full day of note-taking. Basically, if you’re the kind of person who just wants to have fun occasionally digitizing or sharing your notes or drawings (a student, an artist), Moleskine’s Smart Writing Set will work just fine. But if your profession relies on your ability to take down highly accurate notes, you’ll be better off exploring other options. RATING 7/10 – Will make you look like a serious design nerd—but the emphasis is on creative fun, not meticulous function. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Moleskine notebooks pens Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Moleskine notebooks pens Reviews Author: Molly McHugh. Molly McHugh Gear Date of Publication: 03.13.16. 03.13.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Review: Fade Task Lamp Box Clever Box Clever, the San Francisco design firm that created the Fade Task Lamp, is obsessed with detail. Just take a look at its configurations for the table-top light: Everything from the patterns cut into the hardware to the font used on its packaging are deliberate choices. Why so much work for just a lamp? Probably because the Fade Task Lamp isn’t just a lamp, it’s a functional piece of furniture that happens to be beautiful, and actually fun to use. Yes, a lamp that’s fun to use. The LED array is perched at the end of an articulated arm you can bend without any cranking or prodding. A thick metal ribbon serves as the structural backbone. It’s flexible, so you can bend and reposition the arm with a smooth, gliding action. Once you find a position you like, magnets hidden inside the arm’s body hold it in place. The base has a control that lets you not only dim or brighten the light, but also change hues, just by sliding around a toggle on the base. Of course, such attention to detail and build quality translates into dollar signs! WIRED It’s beautiful. The Fade Task Lamp has a super simple, utilitarian design, which makes the fact that this lamp has “features” even better. On the base, there’s an x-y controller that you push around with one finger to change the temperature of the light from warm to cool, and the strength from dim to bright. It’s surprisingly pleasing, much more so than twisting a sticky knob. Seriously: You think pushing a small circle around inside of a bigger circle won’t be that fun, but watching it transform the light in the room is hypnotizing. The armature has a ton of movement, so you can angle the lamp however you want, for whatever surface you put it on. And it’s not so big that it looks ridiculous on a desk, but not so small that if you had it totally vertical it couldn’t sit on the floor. Oh, and there’s a USB port in the base for charging a mobile device, which is the clincher. TIRED $250 is a lot to spend on a lamp that doesn’t take up a corner of your home. Sure, like I said, if it’s totally vertical, the lamp could take residence on your floor. But then, you lose the purpose of the base’s swivel function to dim and brighten and change warmth. The lamp’s only con is it’s fairly high price—but anyone willing to spend a little extra on the ultimate desk companion will be happy to spend it. RATING 8/10 – There’s a higher end version of everything, right? Even lamps. This is that lamp. You will love lamp. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews review Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews review Reviews Author: Molly McHugh. Molly McHugh Gear Date of Publication: 03.10.16. 03.10.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Review: DxO One DXO Your iPhone camera is pretty damn good, but it’s not as good as dedicated camera with a big lens. A smartphone rig earns you convenience and portability, but you give up quality and utility. That’s where the DxO One comes in. It’s a palm-sized camera assembly for iPhone and iPad that plugs into your Lightning port and gives your mobile photos a serious performance boost. The 1-inch, 20-megapixel sensor sits behind a nice lens with an f/1.8 aperture. The software offers a suite of shooting modes and gives you full manual control over the camera’s operation. Plug the $499 DxO One into your iPhone and fire up the companion iOS app, and all of a sudden, the photo frame on your phone’s screen suddenly looks closer to what you’d see in the viewfinder of a Nikon D. WIRED The photos it takes are stunning, and the tiny device is discreet enough to carry on any outing. The build feels sturdy and the device is comfortable to hold when attached to the phone. The app is incredibly easy to use, and within moments of downloading, plugging the camera in, and firing it up, you’re shooting photos that simply could not have been taken with an iPhone. TIRED It’s a $500 iPhone accessory, which is really steep considering you could get a capable pocket camera for around $600. But of course, that camera isn’t going to let you use your smartphone for everything, and it’s not going fit in your pocket as easily. We ran into some performance issues with the DxO One. It’s slower than our testing committee liked, it crashed several times, and it was prone to overheating. At one point, it overheated, shut down, and we weren’t able to wake it back up. Clipping it in easy, though I found it a little awkward to get it to switch on so it could be plugged in. You have to slide the panel covering the lens on the side down, hold it, and then the Lightning plug will swing out—don’t try to force the plug to pop up! RATING 6/10 – The DxO One was super fun to use, and the photos we took with it are beautiful. But it’s a little expensive and a little crashy. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cameras DxO one iPhone mobile photography Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email cameras DxO one iPhone mobile photography Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 02.18.16. 02.18.16 Time of Publication: 5:30 am. 5:30 am Review: Klipsch Reference X6i Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Throughout its 70 years, the American audio company Klipsch has carried a reputation for innovation in design. From the famous Klipschorn design to the company’s signature copper-colored “Cerametallic” speaker cones, its products have swagger. The company’s new crop of excellent in-ear headphones, with their zinc flourishes and unique ear tips, carry the tradition. These in-ears are branded as “Reference” products—a term that, to audio nerds, signifies a flat frequency response and an un-messed-with sound free of the bass-boosting and audio-sweetening so prevalent today. The Klipsch Reference X6i in-ears cost $179, the least expensive of the new line. The most expensive, the X20i, are $549. I’m almost always attracted to the most affordable option, so I tried these for a few months. Even for the “budget” end of the line, they’re phenomenal. The X6i are my new go-to recommendation for reference in-ear headphones under $200. They’ve unseated my previous pick, the $150 Etymotic hf3. The Klipsch’s have comparable sound, but better cables, better ear tips, and better overall design. WIRED The sound is pretty much perfect; crisp without being sterile and loud without being fatiguing. The unique oval ear tips (Klipsch holds a patent on the design) provide an excellent, no-fuss seal within the ear canal. That seal is what enables an in-ear headphone to deliver good bass, and in this case, the bass is clear and dramatic. The box includes tips of many sizes, including flange tips that also create an excellent seal. Light and comfy; all-day wear is no problem. The cable is thick and coils easily. It never tangled or knotted, even when jamming the headphones into my back pocket and sitting through a meeting, or balling them up and tossing them into my carry-on when it came time to board the plane. The remote is large and forgiving. $180 is a great price for in-ears this nice. TIRED That big thick cable means lots of microphonic cable noise. You’ll need to use the clothing clip to keep your Rachmaninov from being smothered by rubbing noises. There are zinc elements in the earpieces, but otherwise there’s just a lot of plastic here. Anyone looking for bling will be disappointed. The wallet-like carrying case is interesting—you coil up the headphones then slip them into a pouch that folds in half—but I miss a fully-closing zipper case. These are all teeny quibbles! They sound great. Rating 9/10 Nearly flawless, buy it now Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Headphones In-ear headphones Klipsch Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Headphones In-ear headphones Klipsch Reviews Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 12.21.15. 12.21.15 Time of Publication: 6:50 pm. 6:50 pm Review: Mi In-Ear Headphones Mi The Chinese company Xiaomi is probably best known to people in the West for making phones that look a lot like iPhones. And while that’s true (look!), the manufacturing giant produces much more than handsets. There have been a steady stream of TVs, routers, and audio products released over the last couple of years under the company’s consumer-facing Mi brand name. This November, Xiaomi released a new set of Mi in-ear headphones. They debuted in China for 99 yuan, which means they’ll be priced at around $29 when they make their way to US consumers in the new year. Not a bad price for a nice set of metal earbuds. WIRED The fit and finish is exemplary for something this inexpensive. The sound chambers of the buds are made of machined aluminum and not only feel sturdy, but look really nice. Visually, they’re restrained and sophisticated. Even the plastic pieces feel like quality. Inside each chamber are two drivers: one balanced armature driver for the highs, and one traditional dynamic driver for the lows and mids. This design gives them a walloping low end—if you’re always aching for more bass, these might make you happy. But unlike other bottom-heavy earbuds, the vocals and the high end of the mix have their own driver, so they’re not obliterated by all that low-frequency muscle. There are a few different sizes of rubber tips in the box, so you can find a comfy fit pretty easily. The cables are Kevlar-reinforced, in case you need to take a bullet for a friend. TIRED Kudos to the dual-driver design for keeping things tidy on the high end. But that low end is so big and boomy, it’s overwhelming—most music ends up sounding murky. I found myself rolling off the lows inside my iPhone’s EQ settings during testing, and I still couldn’t clean up that bass. The hardware is smart, but it’s tuned in a way that diminishes the design. The tiny and oddly-shaped buttons on the inline remote make it difficult to manage. The cables are coated in rubber from the ears to the Y-joint in the middle, but from there down to the plug, the cable is protected by a braided sheath. The result is a cable with two different weights and textures, which I found odd. For $29, they sound good, but there are better cheap in-ears for the same money (Mrice, JLab, Soundmagic) as long as you’re OK with a lower-quality build. RATING 6/10 – A solid product with some issues Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews cheap earphones Headphones Reviews xiaomi Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews cheap earphones Headphones Reviews xiaomi Author: Eric Steuer. Eric Steuer Gear Date of Publication: 12.21.15. 12.21.15 Time of Publication: 5:12 pm. 5:12 pm Review: TIME Hi-Top Leather Slippers These sweet hi-tops are slippers, even though they look like sneaks. TIME TIME’s new line of footwear began as a Kickstarter project to make high-end slippers designed to look like sneakers. They’re now available for sale to the public in three styles: lows, mids, and high-tops (I tried out the highs). They look quite a bit different than the Kickstarter prototypes (much better, in my opinion), but the basics are pretty much what the designers had in mind at the outset of their crowdfunding campaign: Super soft leather uppers that are both flexible and strong. Insoles made out of the same material as yoga mats. Linings that are cozy but don’t cause sweaty feet. Stretch laces that make the shoes easy to slip on. The results are pretty great. TIME’s slippers are convenient, durable, and super comfortable. And while they’re pricey—you probably haven’t ever spent over $100 on slippers before—they look enough like outdoor shoes that you can easily get away with wearing them to hit the gym or go do errands. So you’ll get more use out of them than you would with standard house shoes. WIRED Straight up, these are just about the most comfortable things I’ve ever had on my feet. The soles are super flexible, but not flimsy. The wool lining is warm but breathable. And TIME’s designers made lots of smart choices that make these extra easy to wear. For instance, there’s a small slot above the heel that you grip with your thumb and use to take the slippers on and off. That might sound superfluous, but having the feature on these has made me want something similar on all of my high-tops. TIRED I really like these. And I don’t mind spending a little extra money on things that I really like. But $150 is a lot for high-top slippers! Even the low-tops are $95. If you do decide to wear them out into the real world, you’ll notice that the bright white midsoles will begin to look dirty pretty quickly, and that they’re a little difficult to scrub clean. I wish there was an option to get these in all-black. I’d like the look better, and black midsoles would keep the slippers looking fresher a little longer. Rating 8/10 Excellent with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. footwear Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email footwear Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.14.15. 12.14.15 Time of Publication: 9:16 pm. 9:16 pm Review: SteelSeries Nimbus Controller SteelSeries If you buy a new Apple TV this holiday season, or suspect you’re about to unwrap an iPad Pro, there’s just one other accessory you need: a gaming controller. Both devices are meant for playing games, and that cheap little glass remote isn’t going to cut it when you really get going in Disney Infinity. Apple doesn’t make an official controller, and you can use lots of Bluetooth-enabled accessories, but the SteelSeries Nimbus is the unofficial controller of choice. It’s the one they’ll tell you to buy at the Apple Store. For $50, you get a black controller that looks just like an Xbox or Playstation controller. The Nimbus has two analog sticks, a diamond of colored buttons, shoulder and triggers on each side, and a giant all-purpose Menu button. It doesn’t feel like a console-quality object; it feels like an add-on, not a critical piece of the experience. Still, it’s a solid controller, and it’s a whole lot better than mashing your fingers on the screen trying to thread your pass in FIFA. If you’re going to game on your new Apple device, this is a must-have. WIRED If you’ve ever played on a console—any console—you’ll figure the Nimbus out quickly. It works with iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and even Mac, so one controller will work for everything. Setup is insanely easy, just turn it on and pair it via Bluetooth. Charges via Lightning, so you almost certainly already have its charger plugged in to an outlet somewhere. Joysticks and buttons are solid and comfortable, and incredibly responsive in almost every way. You’ll finish Final Fantasy V long before the battery runs out. Companion app offers a running list of games that support the controller. TIRED The controls aren’t consistent across games, and it can be hard to figure out what does what. Many iPad and iPhone games don’t extend controller support through menus, so you’re still going back and forth to the touchscreen. The companion app is handy, but not optimized for the new devices. Shoulder buttons and triggers are mushy. The four numbered lights on the front are totally inscrutable—sometimes they mean battery, sometimes they show you’re connected, but you never know what you’re seeing. RATING 7/10 – Very good, but not quite great Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple apple tv controllers gaming ios iPad Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple apple tv controllers gaming ios iPad Author: Gordon Gottsegen. Gordon Gottsegen Gear Date of Publication: 12.08.15. 12.08.15 Time of Publication: 7:39 pm. 7:39 pm Review: iPhone Smart Battery Case Apple Seemingly out of nowhere, Apple created a battery case for the iPhone 6/6s. It may seem weird that Apple would release a new type of product unannounced, and it may also seem weird that the company chose to enter the competitive market of battery cases. But given Apple’s track record of trying out new things, and the fact that anything with that logo will sell, maybe this isn’t that surprising. Sure, you could speculate that Apple created the Smart Battery Case to supplement the unimpressive battery life of the iPhone 6s, but don’t mistake this as an admittance of failure. It’s more likely an attempt by Apple to branch out into a potential new market—right in time for the holidays. But is it worth your money? WIRED This case is designed to be forgotten about. Just put it on and enjoy the extra battery life. There are no indicator lights that show the case’s battery, and no on/off switch that will initiate charge, instead the case acts like it’s part of your battery. If you put your phone in the case when it has less than 100 percent, the case will start to charge it. When the case’s battery is gone, your iPhone will use its own battery. How do you know what percentage the case is at? Pull down the Notification Center and an icon will appear near the top telling you how much juice is left in your phone and case. It’s a cool little detail that shows off Apple’s inter-device compatibility, but it’s also the only way you can gauge the case’s battery. The case has a Lightning port for charging, which means you can plug in your iPhone in its case and charge both at the same time. This adds to the illusion that your case becomes one with your iPhone, and you never have to take it off. Besides performance, the material is quite nice. The silicone is super soft and feels like much higher quality than a lot of cheap silicone cases on the market. The case also manages to walk the middle ground between the slipperiness of a naked iPhone 6s, and those high-friction cheap silicone cases that are hard to pull out of tight pockets. It isn’t too bulky either, like a lot of battery cases out there, so you might get accustomed to the way it feels in your front pocket (depending on how tight your skinny jeans are). TIRED OK, so there’s no ignoring that hump. Apple was so focused on making their new iPhones as sleek as possible that it seems comical that their battery case has a strange-looking growth on its backside. Personally, it reminds me of an Almond Joy, except Almond Joys are delicious. But even if you get over the hump, the performance of the case isn’t that great. The 1,877 mAh battery won’t even give you a full charge from zero percent. Even if you don’t need that much charge, it puts the Apple case at a distinct disadvantage compared to other battery cases. And compared to other battery cases, this one is not cheap. The Smart Case sells for $99, which can get you a Mophie Juice Pack Air case with much better battery life (and no hump). Or you can buy a Mophie Juice Pack Reserve for $60 that has a comparable 1,840 mAh battery. It may seem harsh to keep bringing up Mophie, but you have to consider your options. The lack of buttons and indicators on the battery case also mean you don’t have any say in when your phone should be charging. If you’re used to other battery cases, this lack of control may be unsettling. If you like to your battery case on and off to give it a little bit of juice when needed, this case isn’t for you. But if you just want a case to put on once and never think about, then maybe this is worth the $99. RATING 6/10—A solid product with some issues Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Apple iPhone battery case capsule reviews iphone smart battery case Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Apple iPhone battery case capsule reviews iphone smart battery case Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.23.15. 11.23.15 Time of Publication: 11:36 am. 11:36 am Review: Beats Pill+ Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Remember the Beats Pill? Of course you do—the speaker was a hit a few years ago, and it was everywhere. An extension of the headphone brand, it came with that brash sound, that brash red “b” logo, and of course it fit inside this thing, which is certainly the silliest accessory in the history of mobile audio. Oh yeah and also, that Pill didn’t sound very good. Now that Apple has bought the company, we’re starting to see some of Cupertino’s product design savvy rub off on the Beats hardware. This new speaker, the Pill+, features not only a revamped design, but also a revamped audio engine and feature set. It’s too pricey at $230, but if you’re all-in on Apple hardware, the Pill+ is a nice companion to your iOS devices. WIRED Sound is very good, and on par with the best of the Bluetooth speakers of this size. New design is sharp—it comes in white or black, and the “b” logo is now much more subtle (and no longer red). Mobile app to control it works on iOS and Android. It has that now seemingly ubiquitous feature where you can pair multiple devices so you and your friends can take turns playing songs. Works as a speakerphone. Wirelessly join two speakers into a stereo pair. Charges over Lightning, so the 12-hour battery rejuices quickly, and the speaker’s battery can be used to charge your iPhone—just flip the cable around. TIRED It’s too expensive. There are a few speakers with better battery and comparable sound (some fully waterproof) for $30 less. The inclusion of the Lightning cable and 12.5-watt Apple charger is probably the reason for this, but if you don’t own any iOS devices, those things don’t matter as much. The sound can get kinda crunchy if you turn it up to levels sufficient to be heard in a small gathering of chatty friends. It’s the same with many small speakers, but here it’s more noticeable. RATING 7/10 – Very good, but not quite great Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Beats bluetooth speakers capsule reviews wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Beats bluetooth speakers capsule reviews wireless speakers Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.22.15. 11.22.15 Time of Publication: 12:38 pm. 12:38 pm Review: Wacom Bamboo Spark Bamboo Spark with Phone Pocket Wacom The iPad Pro is an amazing device, and a big step forward for visual artists. But many artists still prefer to use a pen and paper to draw or sketch. Wacom’s latest product is something that might be a better fit for them. The Bamboo Spark ($160) bridges the divide between the analog sketchbook and the digital sketchbook by tracking your pen strokes on real paper, then transmitting the results to your device. It’s three pieces: a folio with a receiver inside, a ballpoint pen with a transmitter inside, and a pad of regular paper. We’ve seen devices like this before—products that let you write or draw something on a piece of paper, then create a digital copy—but few have been executed this successfully. WIRED The device pairs to a mobile phone via Bluetooth, and transfers take only a few seconds per page. (Wacom’s app works on iOS and Android.) Within the mobile app, you can “replay” each line in your drawing, undoing each pen stroke and stopping at any time to export the page in that particular state. The case’s memory holds 100 pages, so you can sync in batches. Wacom offers cloud storage for Bamboo Spark pages, and the files are easily shared to Dropbox, to Evernote, or as PDFs. The feel of the pen is nice; better than a cheap ballpoint pen, with a nice girth and weight. (Wacom knows pens!) Battery in the folio lasts weeks between charges. Folios come in three configurations to hold a phone, a small tablet, or an iPad Air 2. TIRED The system tracks each stroke with perfect accuracy—as long as you don’t accidentally bump your pad of paper. In that case, the digital copy of the drawing will be off. If you anticipate this happening, I recommend securing the pad with a binder clip or rubber band. Not ideal, but it keeps the thing put. If you don’t like the pen, there isn’t much for you here. The company is positioning the product not only as an artist’s tool, but also as a platform for visual thinkers in the business world. So, while the pen is ideal for sketching flowcharts and brainstorming concepts, those looking for a more refined drawing tool may feel constrained. Same with the size of the paper—there’s a slot in the case where you can insert a backing board for a tablet of standard A5 paper, but bigger pads won’t work, and neither will those thicker than 50 pages. If the battery runs out mid-drawing, Welp! RATING 8/10 – Excellent, with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. artists capsule reviews pens Wacom Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email artists capsule reviews pens Wacom Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.21.15. 11.21.15 Time of Publication: 2:32 pm. 2:32 pm Review: Soundfreaq Sound Kick 2 Soundfreaq Sound Kick 2 Soundfreaq This is Soundfreaq’s second go-around for its Sound Kick compact Bluetooth speaker. The first version had an expandable back. When you popped out the box-like extrusion, it increased the interior volume of the speaker enclosure and improved the sound. It also changed the footprint of the speaker, allowing you to tip it back so the drivers were facing at an upward angle. This new Sound Kick 2 doesn’t expand or blow up or anything, but it does still tip back. The expanding enclosure has been replaced by a fixed enclosure that has a little kickstand. Overall, the updated speaker is more portable and has excellent sound, and it remains one of our favorite options at $100. WIRED Sound is crisp and well-balanced, and exemplary for a speaker of this size. New design is 1.5 inches thick, and has rounded edges. It’s also water resistant—I left my test unit out in the rain for two downpours and it still plays fine. There’s a USB port on the back that lets you use the speaker’s battery to charge up a dying mobile phone if needed. The kickstand on the back gives the speaker box some added stability. Touch controls on the top are convenient. Handsome looks. TIRED Doesn’t get that loud. It’s also not as small as other speakers at this price that tout portability as a primary feature. Battery lasted about 8.5 hours in multiple tests; fine, but over ten hours is standard within this category. Not fully waterproof (though it seems to handle wet environments just fine). RATING 8/10 – Excellent, with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. audio bluetooth speakers Reviews Soundfreaq Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email audio bluetooth speakers Reviews Soundfreaq Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 11.12.15. 11.12.15 Time of Publication: 4:24 pm. 4:24 pm Review: Logitech Create Keyboard Case for iPad Pro Logi Logitech (or is it Logi?) is the ruler of the realm when it comes to iPad keyboards. So it shouldn’t surprise you that it’s the first out of the gate with an add-on to support the new, bigger iPad Pro, where these keyboards are more important than ever. The $150 Logi Create Backlit Keyboard Case with Smart Connector is cheaper than Apple’s Smart Keyboard, and adds a lot more functionality. (Logi also offers a virtually identical case, sans keyboard, for $80.) It’s not quite as sleek and well-integrated as Apple’s own case, but if you’re looking to buy an iPad Pro to replace your laptop, this is the keyboard accessory you want. WIRED The row of shortcut keys—for changing volume, going home, launching search, and the like—is unbelievably useful. The backlit keyboard will let you work even in dark rooms. If you’re not typing, the case folds almost flat for a better touchscreen experience. The clacky keys will feel familiar to anyone used to a laptop keyboard. Since it works with the iPad Pro’s Smart Connector, getting the keyboard set up and working takes no time at all, and you’ll never need to charge the accessory. Just close the magnetized case, and the tablet turns off too. TIRED Getting the iPad Pro into the case requires an uncomfortable amount of shoving and pushing. Keys are a little mushy. The rubbery design takes away from the sleek polish of the iPad Pro. Tablet plus case is a pretty heavy package to toss into your backpack. The case covers up the power and volume buttons with harder-to-press rubber ones, and obscures the speaker holes a little bit. The connector can be finicky, disconnecting for no reason sometimes. A few of the buttons are inscrutable; why are there two ways to switch to the on-screen keyboard? RATING 7/10—Very good, but not quite great. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews ipad pro logitech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews ipad pro logitech Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder Bitcoin Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder 13 hours Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 14 hours Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics Security Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics 3 hours Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President social media Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President 2 days Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 14 hours Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise physics Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise 11 hours The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia CES The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia 14 hours More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech This Is the Year Gadget Makers Finally Fix Battery Life 9 hours video Meet LG’s Adorable Voice-Activated Robot for Your Home 10 hours gadgets Carnival’s High-Tech Cruise Wearable Knows Your Every Need 2 days Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 14 hours David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 14 hours Recommendations Delicious Non-Boozy Beer, Wine, and Spirits for Dry January 2 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Share 16 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple’s $14.5 Billion Tax Fine Imposed By E.U. Sparks U.S. Outrage News 16 0 0 August 31, 2016 Apple’s $14.5 Billion Tax Fine Imposed By E.U. Sparks U.S. Outrage Edwin Mejia Vargas Apple’s tax fine recently imposed by the European Commission’s anti-trust regulator in favor of Ireland to the tune of $14.5 billion must have gone too far, according to the U.S. Treasury Department. “As we have said, we believe that retroactive tax assessments by the commission are unfair, contrary to well-established legal principles, and call into question the tax rules of individual member states,” a U.S. Treasury spokesperson said, as quoted by BBC News, in view of the Apple’s E.U.-imposed tax fine. Such a surprising move by the European Union has been greeted by outrage in the United States, particularly among other government officials. Understandably, the first to express outrage in response to the Apple’s tax fine, as reported by Patrick Seitz of Investors Business Daily, was CEO Tim Cook, who maintained that Apple has been “a responsible citizen” who complied with Ireland’s tax laws. Insisting that the European Commission’s move “has serious, wide-reaching implications,” Cook pointed out that it “is effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws with a view of what the commission thinks the law should have been. This would strike a devastating blow to the sovereignty of EU member states over their own tax matters and to the principle of certainty of law in Europe.” “Using the commission’s theory, every company in Ireland and across Europe,” Cook went on to say, “is suddenly at risk of being subjected to taxes under laws that never existed.” The U.S. Treasury Building as seen from the Bank of America offices in Washington, D.C., September 29, 2014. [Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] The report was likewise greeted with anger by U.S. government officials, one of whom, according to BBC News, was Democratic Senator Charles E. Schumer. “This is a cheap money grab by the European Commission, targeting US businesses and the U.S. tax base,” Sen. Schumer said. “By forcing their member states to retroactively impose taxes on US companies,” the senator added, “the E.U. is unfairly undermining our ability to compete economically in Europe while grabbing tax revenues that should go toward investment here in the United States. This is yet another example of why we need to reform the international tax system to ensure these revenues come home.” For his part, White House spokesman Josh Earnest opined that such an unprecedented Apple’s tax fine imposed by E.U. could be unfair to American taxpayers, given the company’s prerogative to claim the cost as a tax deduction in the United States. “We are concerned about a unilateral approach… that threatens to undermine progress that we have made collaboratively with the Europeans to make the international taxation system fair,” Earnest told reporters, as quoted by BBC News. European Union flags outside the European Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, on July 15, 2016. [Photo by Darko Vojinovic/AP Images] Ironically, the Irish government itself has expressed its “profound disagreement” with Apple’s tax fine, insisting that the iPhone, iPad, and MacBook maker has fulfilled its duty in good faith to pay its taxes in full without the benefit of any favorable tax treatments. According to BBC News, European Parliament Vice President Mairead McGuinness, who is also a leading member of Ireland’s ruling Fine Gael party, took the European Commission’s unprecedented move as a matter of great concern, because taxation should be left for E.U. state-members to decide. For his part, Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said that he disagrees profoundly with the Commission. “The decision leaves me with no choice but to seek cabinet approval to appeal,” Noonan said, as quoted by Reuters. “This is necessary to defend the integrity of our tax system; to provide tax certainty to business and to challenge the encroachment of E.U. state aid rules into the sovereign member state competence of taxation.” Should Noonan succeed, which, according to some observers, may take many years, it would clear Apple’s tax fine unprecedentedly imposed by the European Commission, which claims, based on its two-year investigation, that the American company must pay Ireland back in illegal tax benefits plus interest. Taken from a broader perspective, Seitz noted that E.U.’s case against Apple is part of a wider “crackdown on tax treatment of multinationals by E.U. member nations. The E.U. is still investigating Amazon and McDonald’s. And the E.U. has also had longtime tax battles with Alphabet [Google] and Facebook.” [Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Politicians Vote To Weaken Ethics Committee Now Read This: Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro Share 16 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Edwin Mejia Vargas Tags: Apple, European Union, ireland, US Treasury January 6, 2017 ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers: Liz Sandoz’s Connection To Nick Viall Sparks Drama, How Long Will She Last? January 5, 2017 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ Spoilers: Quinn Opens Up To Ivy, Liam’s Frustrations Over Steffy’s Decision Grow, And Ridge Pressures Eric View full timeline 2 hours ago As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay 14 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype Comments LATEST HEADLINES Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos News McDonald’s Opens On Vatican Property News Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Turkey Nightclub Shooting News Mid-air Plain Collision Kills Three In Texas News Queen Elizabeth II Misses New Years Service , Recovering From “Severe Cold” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Report leaks early details on new iPhone 8 with curved OLED screen Chris Smith BGR NewsAugust 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Next year's new iPhone will feature the massive redesign that some Apple fans wanted this year, and more reports indicate that Apple’s next phone – or at least one version of it – will feature a curved display just like Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge or Galaxy Note 7. Apple will, therefore, not be the first company to make handsets with curved screens, but next year’s iPhone 8 is already generating plenty of excitement. News from Asia indicates that work on the next iPhones has already started, and several companies are getting ready to enter Apple’s supply chain for the new handset. DON’T MISS: This is the huge iPhone 7 leak we’ve been waiting for Mirle Automation is one of the suppliers in question, and it has developed forming equipment for the 3D curved glass chassis. Parsed by Digitimes, the report comes from the Chinese publication Commercial Times. Apparently, Mirle has obtained orders for the newly developed equipment from Foxconn and Lens Technology, with shipments expected to start next quarter. Digitimes further notes that Foxconn’s glass chassis technology has gone through Apple’s verification process, and the company will supply 3D curved glass for the 2017 iPhone as well. Bern Optics and Lens Technology are two other companies that will supply the same type of display glass for next year’s iPhone. Recent reports claimed that Apple might launch three new iPhones next September, including one spotlight model that features a curved OLED display. The device would be Apple’s first OLED iPhone, and the first iPhone to feature a curved screen. Apple is celebrating the iPhone’s tenth anniversary next year, so it’s likely that Apple would want to mark the occasion with a very special new iPhone. Trending right now: This is the huge iPhone 7 leak we’ve been waiting for Samsung suspends Galaxy Note 7 shipments after phones explode while charging Google is killing the Nexus line and vanilla Android with it See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PLUGGED IN The next iPhone won’t have a headphone jack, new leaked photos indicate Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging August 31, 2016 Those won't fit. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging August 31, 2016 Rumors about the demise of the 3.5mm headphone jack are not, it appears, exaggerated. Leaked images of the packaging of the iPhone 7 Plus—to be unveiled at Apple’s Sept. 7 event—signal that headphones will share the iPhone’s charging portal, 9to5 Mac reports. Apple is reportedly packaging “EarPods with Lightning connector” with the upcoming device. iPhone 7 Plus packaging shows Lightning EarPods, 3.5mm headphone jack adaptor bundled https://t.co/NkqXnDQ7Ic pic.twitter.com/Rkx2g1UhrO — 9to5Mac  (@9to5mac) August 31, 2016 This is an indication that Apple probably isn’t going all in on wireless AirPods with the new phones—it’s instead modifying the existing cable to fit into the lightning jack. This news may trouble audiophiles who’ve tended to trade Apple’s lower quality headphones for superior brands. (Even Apple’s own Beats headphones won’t fit.) There are limited third-party Lightning earphone options, and the converter dongle required to use traditional headsets in the lightning port is unsightly and cumbersome. Pushback from users is expected, but it may not damage sales severely, as Quartz’s Mike Murphy explains: The last time Apple swapped a major port, replacing its decade-old iPod dock connector for Lightning on the iPhone 5 in 2012, there were months of whining about buying new cables or newly obsolete speaker docks. But Apple, of course, survived the blowback. The company has already sold almost twice as many iPhones since switching to Lightning than it had sold before. And now Lightning is being used across other parts of Apple’s product lineup, including as a charging port for the new Apple TV remote control, Mac keyboard, and trackpad. Previously, the Cupertino giant has sold such ancillary accessories separately. But this time, Apple is reportedly making an effort to ease the transition by including a Lightning-to-headphone-jack adaptor in the box with the new phone. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Michael O'Leary Ryanair boss says Apple tax decision is 'bizarre' Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary says Irish government should not appeal decision ordering Apple to pay back tax to Dublin Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary said he thought the decision had no chance of surviving a court ruling in Europe. Photograph: Hannah Mckay/EPA Rob Davies Wednesday 31 August 2016 14.19 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 31 August 2016 17.47 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 4 months old Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary has described the European commission’s decision to order Apple to pay €13bn (£11bn) in back tax to Dublin as bizarre and suggested the Irish government should politely tell the European Union to “fuck off” . The EU ruled on Tuesday that Ireland had provided illegal state aid by allowing the US firm to pay very little tax. “It’s not because I’m Irish but I think the state aid ruling was bizarre,” said O’Leary. “The Irish government shouldn’t even appeal the decision. They should just write a letter to Europe and tell them politely to fuck off with themselves. Which is what they need to be told.” O’Leary said he didn’t think the ruling would withstand a legal challenge. “I think it has no chance of surviving a court ruling in Europe,” he said. “The idea that the state aid mob, who have had more court verdicts overturned than any other department in Europe in the past 20 years, can come along 10 years after the event and say ‘We didn’t like that, we think you should have done something else’ is frankly bizarre.” “Will they tell the UK you can now start charging all the Russian billionaires who are here on non dom tax schemes ‘Sorry, you’re providing state aid to Russian oligarchs, you should tax them all at 55%?’” “There are certain things Europe has no competence in and no rights in.” More news Topics Michael O'Leary Ryanair Apple Tax and spending Europe Ireland Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Michael O'Leary Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › Republic of Ireland Irish government fails to reach agreement over Apple tax ruling Published 31/08/2016 0 Comments Share Irish government fails to reach agreement over Apple tax ruling BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Government talks on whether to accept an eye-watering 13 billion euro in unpaid tax from Apple have ended without any agreement. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/irish-government-fails-to-reach-agreement-over-apple-tax-ruling-35010493.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/article35010492.ece/c0e1e/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-6a784fe0-d6a0-4408-a284-49b0988da50a_I1.jpg Email A map of Ireland beside the Apple logo Government talks on whether to accept an eye-watering 13 billion euro in unpaid tax from Apple have ended without any agreement. The Cabinet said it would meet again later this week as it puzzles on what to do over the unprecedented windfall ordered by the European Union. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Speculation is mounting about disharmony within the minority government, which is made up of a shaky alliance between Fine Gael and some Independents, and which depends on the backing of the Opposition. Several Fine Gael government ministers had insisted Ireland would fight the EU's ruling that Apple got illegal state aid from the country over two decades, effectively turning down the billions. But Independents on the Cabinet are reportedly demanding a recall of the Dail to hold a national debate on what the country should do about the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. An hours-long Cabinet meeting about the unprecedented EU ruling on Wednesday broke down without any agreement. In a statement, the government said it would resume its talks on what to do on Friday. "The Government had a thorough discussion of the European Commission decision with regard to Apple, based on a Memorandum from the Minister for Finance proposing that Ireland lodge an appeal to that decision," a government spokeswoman said. "Cabinet received a detailed briefing from Minister Noonan. "Ministers also had an opportunity to examine the full text of the European Commission decision, which is a lengthy and complex document. "Following the discussion, it was agreed to adjourn the meeting to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Attorney General's office and with officials." A spokeswoman for the Independent Alliance, of which Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Shane Ross is a leading figure, said there were hopes agreement would be reached on Friday. "The Independent members of Cabinet are asking questions and getting more detail," she said. "There's a considerable amount to get through and discuss." Sinn Fein, the third largest party in the parliament, has also demanded a recall to debate the issue while leftist groupings have insisted the billions should go towards public services. Controversy has raged across the country on whether to pursue the unpaid tax and risk the wrath of multinationals, which the Irish economy depends heavily upon, or to fight the EU finding. Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager's landmark ruling into the iPad and iPhone maker's tax affairs found it paid just 1% tax on its European profits in 2003 and 0.005% in 2014. Two years ago that worked out at 50 euro on every million in profit, she said. Apple chief executive Tim Cook dismissed the EU's three-year investigation and went directly to his customer base with a message on apple.com and a vow to fight the order in what will likely be years of courtroom battles. He also claimed: "We have become the largest taxpayer in Ireland, the largest taxpayer in the United States, and the largest taxpayer in the world. "In Ireland and in every country where we operate, Apple follows the law and we pay all the taxes we owe." Meanwhile, Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary has weighed into the tax dispute saying the Irish government should write a letter to the EU telling them to "f*** off". Dubbing the EU's ruling "bizarre", the outspoken Irishman said: "One of the fundamental principles of the European Union is that each country has its autonomy to make its own tax decisions. "Frankly the Irish government should turn around - they shouldn't even appeal the decision - they should just write a letter to Europe and tell them politely to f*** off. "The idea that you have the state aid mob - who've had more court verdicts overturned than any other department in Europe in the last 20 years - come along 10 years after the fact and say, 'no we didn't like that, we think you should have done something else', is frankly bizarre." Read More Politicians to visit Irishman Ibrahim Halawa on 'hunger strike' in Egypt jail  A cross party delegation of Irish politicians will travel to Egypt on Monday to visit jailed Irishman Ibrahim Halawa. Irish transgender woman 'incredibly touched' by amazing letter from colleagues after...  A transgender woman said she was “incredibly touched” by a kind gift she received from her colleagues to welcome her back to the workplace for the first time since her transition. Nama defends social housing efforts as campaigners demand action  The state's bad-bank Nama said it has delivered 2,378 social houses and apartments a mid renewed calls for it to make more property available for the homeless. Appeal for witnesses after teenager stabbed to death  A teenager has been stabbed to death, gardai said. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Recruitment for British Army soars in Republic of Ireland  Republic of Ireland Appeal for witnesses after teenager stabbed to death  Republic of Ireland Pressure mounts on Gerry Adams over Brian Stack murder  Republic of Ireland Nama defends social housing efforts as campaigners demand action  Republic of Ireland Number of passengers using public transport increases by 10 million  Republic of Ireland Video: Abandoned sick puppies left in a bucket make remarkable recovery  Video News Bicycle courier wins fight for employment rights at tribunal  UK Hundreds pay their respects to prominent city solicitor  Northern Ireland Amazon email scam could cost you up to £750 - here's what you should look out for  Technology Eddie Rocket's taking on Ed's Easy Diner in Belfast and its 10 staff  Business News Belfast International passenger numbers surge with new US route on cards Plan for charity shops to lose rates exemption in Northern Ireland Meet the corporate high-flyer who cut back on long hours and constant travel for a better quality of life - writing science fiction books Ulster suffer controversial defeat to Scarlets in Guinness Pro 12 Amazon email scam could cost you up to £750 - here's what you should look out for Revealed: Northern Ireland's best selling cars 2016 Free Titanic Belfast tickets as 'thank you' to NI public Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: New Year's Eve at The Limelight 2016 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Christmas parties at Box Nightclub, December 26, 2016 [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph UK Queen 'almost shot' on late night walk  Northern Ireland Poll: Arlene Foster's leadership rating plummets from 49% to 29% in wake of RHI  World Gerry Adams and US star Roseanne Barr clash over Jesus Christ's nationality  Video News Video: Hilarious moment 'thief' caught on CCTV  Politics Poll: If election called who would you vote for?  Northern Ireland Watch: Horrifying moment car speeds in wrong direction along NI dual carriageway  Technology CES 2017: 5 highlights from Vegas tech show  Health Mesentery: New organ discovered inside human body by Irish scientists  Motoring Faraday electric car that does 0-60 in 2.39 seconds revealed  Sunday Life New evidence suggests iceberg wasn't sole cause of Titanic sinking, claim experts  Northern Ireland Full list of Northern Ireland new year honours recipients  Archive Video: Lighter side of 1963 Big Freeze in Northern Ireland revealed  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple What Apple’s tax bill tells us about capitalism ‘The message to Apple is very simple: if you want to deliver your products using public roads, you can’t,’ writes Neil Holmes. Photograph: Mark Lennihan/AP Letters Wednesday 31 August 2016 14.00 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 31 August 2016 17.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close I am outraged that Apple is outraged by its tax bill (Apple rages at EU’s €13bn tax demand, 31 August). Apple has hundreds of stores in Europe to sell its products. The message to Apple is very simple: if any of your stores catch fire, don’t bother to call the fire service. If you are burgled, don’t call the police. If you want to deliver your products using public roads, you can’t. If someone falls off a ladder in one of your stores, don’t call the medical services. If you do not want to pay your taxes, fine. But do not expect to use the infrastructure paid for by our taxes. Neil Holmes Bromsgrove, Worcestershire • It is counterintuitive that Ireland should benefit from the €13bn tax, given that the Irish government knowingly set up the scheme to reduce the taxes paid to the rest of the EU. With the current solution, Ireland gets the historic benefits of employment and the unexpected future benefit of the tax. Sharing the €13bn across the countries where Apple products were sold and profits made would correct the wrong that is implied by the ruling. Paul Morrison London • The Irish government has been told to collect €13bn from Apple. But it is to appeal against the decision. Can someone please explain why? Ian Reissmann Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire • Even before the crash it was possible to see weaknesses in the Irish economy. Any economy that grows at the runaway rate that Ireland did for many years usually suffers a major damaging correction in due course. And when you have a freakishly high proportion of GDP being given to property speculation (higher even than the UK’s), you have a recipe for disaster. In addition the OECD points out that Ireland’s GDP (national output) is significantly greater than its GNP (national income) due to the repatriation of profits and royalties by multinational firms – to say nothing of the nameplate presences in Dublin, there merely for tax purposes and with a skeleton staff. Ireland may well have a skilled, hi-tech workforce, but this is no use if the country goes into boom and bust and you have paid for your workers’ training only to lose them abroad. What a pity that the country didn’t have some skilled economic advisers as well. They could have pointed out that copying the UK’s model merely leads to disaster and a race to the bottom. Forget the Apple tax squabble for the moment. Ireland might be advised to take an economic health check and ask whether the Anglo-Saxon model is the way to go. David Redshaw Gravesend, Kent • Had Apple not offshored and arranged a sweetheart deal with Ireland to avoid US and EU taxes, thus amassing a huge cash pile, it would not be in this situation. And had the US tax authorities chased it aggressively, we would all be much better off. Apple is very greedy. It makes 40% gross profit from overpricing its products, exploiting their designer-label status, and all on the backs of underpaid Chinese workers. This is the true face of neoliberal global capitalism. Michael Miller Sheffield • The story of Apple’s sweetheart Irish tax deals shows that something is deeply flawed in the way we currently do business. While we should not tar all multinationals with the same brush, we have undoubtedly seen a concentration of power and profit in fewer and fewer hands, allowing companies to set the rules and play the system. How the UK government acts now is crucial is establishing what kind of nation and economy we want to be. In the face of increasing pressure to turn the UK ever more into a tax haven, Theresa May needs to note that there are alternatives. The UK is home to about 70,000 social enterprises. They are growing faster than other businesses, reinvest profits to tackle social and environmental challenges, and contribute over £24bn to the economy. They are keeping money in local communities and creating employment opportunities. There is even a social enterprise alternative to the iPhone, the Fairphone. For every bad Apple there is a social enterprise showing how business can act responsibly. Peter Holbrook Chief executive, Social Enterprise UK • Of course Apple is protesting about having to pay proper tax. It is in the nature of large corporations to do so. But thank goodness it looks as though the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership may be ditched, with Germany, France and both US presidential candidates against it. If TTIP were in operation then Apple could take the EU to a court biased in favour of the corporation merely on the grounds that EU policy was reducing its profits. Michael McLoughlin Wallington, Surrey • Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com More letters Topics Apple Computing TTIP Corporate governance Corporate social responsibility More… Tax and spending Tax havens Ireland Europe European Union Economics Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Irish government split over immediate appeal against Apple tax bill Cabinet meets amid divisions as to correct response to European commission ruling ordering company to pay back €13bn Michael Noonan, the Irish finance minister, favours an immediate appeal over the tax bill, which could rise to €19bn. Photograph: Cathal McNaughton/Reuters Henry McDonald in Dublin and agencies Wednesday 31 August 2016 13.58 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 September 2016 08.08 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 4 months old Ireland’s governing coalition is split over whether or not the state should immediately appeal against the European commission ruling ordering Apple to pay €13bn (£11bn) in back tax to the Irish government, and will hold further talks later this week before reaching a decision. As the cabinet met in Dublin on Wednesday, it emerged that the Independent Alliance, some members of which are government ministers, was not prepared to back an appeal. The group of TDs helps shore up the minority Fine Gael administration. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Why Apple is facing a €13bn tax bill in Ireland There was also a suggestion that the bill could be as much as €19bn after interest is added. Speaking on RTÉ Radio, Eamonn O’Dea, the head of Revenue’s international division, said the total tax to be paid “could be at that figure, at max[imum].” The Irish finance minister, Michael Noonan, is strongly in favour of appealing against the ruling. After the European commissioner for competition, Margrethe Vestager, said on Tuesday that Apple’s sweetheart tax deal with Ireland constituted illegal state aid, Noonan vowed to immediately appeal against being forced to take the €13bn payment. He insisted that Ireland had to preserve its status as a low-tax base for overseas companies. The country has a corporation tax rate of 12.5%, less than many other EU nations, but made deals with Apple allowing the world’s most valuable company to pay tax on profits at a maximum of 1%. In 2014, Apple paid tax of 0.005% in Ireland, or €50 on every €1m in profit generated. Corporation tax rates across Europe Credit ratings agency Standard & Poors pointed out that an injection of €13bn would reduce Ireland’s debt significantly, but warned that it could undermine the government at the same time. Moritz Kraemer, S&P’s chief sovereign ratings officer, told Reuters: “There are many uncertainties ahead, but if we assume that the money will definitely come through, the sum of €13bn is not insignificant for an economy the size of Ireland.” He said it was equal to more than 5% of Ireland’s gross domestic product and would allow the country to bring its debt down to about 85% of GDP, providing that the government uses the payment for that purpose alone. Ireland’s debt is currently at 94% of GDP. Kraemer said the ruling presented a political risk to the Irish government. Accepting the Apple billions could undermine the low-tax business model and the recent success of the Irish economy, but not doing so might be very unpopular with voters, he said. Fine Gael ministers have been lining up to support Noonan’s call for an appeal against the EU ruling. They also fear that alienating Apple would cause Ireland reputational damage and put off other multinational technology companies from investing in the country, and using it as their European headquarters. Speaking ahead of the cabinet meeting, Paschal Donohoe, the minister for public expenditure, said he believed “strongly that what we need to do here is to appeal this ruling, but before we get to that point, cabinet needs to first understand this matter, and that’s what we’ll be doing”. But Independent TDs and ministers including Shane Ross are reluctant to endorse any move to appeal the Apple ruling in Brussels. The Independent minister Katherine Zappone suggested that an appeal may not be on the cards immediately. “Maybe there is a role for the Oireachtas [the president and the two houses of the Irish parliament] and the public accounts committee in this,” she said. “It is really important that we take the time before we make a decision in relation to this. I’m going in having these questions and concerns that I am bringing to cabinet, but we probably need more time.” The possibility of an Apple tax payback of €19bn presents a major political headache for Enda Kenny’s government. Such a tax windfall for the Irish exchequer would be €6bn more than the annual health service budget. On the streets of Dublin, opinion was divided on whether the Irish government should take the money or appeal against the ruling. Carer Louise O’Reilly, 57, said the government should not appeal. “They are doing the wrong thing. They don’t care about the normal people. The money should be spent on the old-age pensioners who worked all their lives and are struggling to survive,” she said, adding that her mother paid €10 in tax on a monthly pension of €1,050, a higher rate than Apple on its multibillion-euro profits in 2014. Security guard Gerard Augusta, 56, said the government should take Apple’s money and put it into housing and hospitals. “I think the unions and the workers should be out marching about it, to be honest with you,” he said. Others worried about how the ruling would affect a country where 10% of workers are employed by multinational corporations. Software developer Conor Moran, 30, said: “The big thing is to make sure the big corporations keep coming to Ireland. As mad as it sounds turning down that kind of money ... I think in the long term, it might be more beneficial. We have to do whatever we can to get jobs here.” Apple’s chief executive, Tim Cook, also intends to appeal against the bill. “The European commission has launched an effort to rewrite Apple’s history in Europe, ignore Ireland’s tax laws and upend the international tax system,” he said on Tuesday. The company has been based in Cork since the late Steve Jobs opened up a facility there in 1980. It employs 6,000 people and is planning to expand the plant, with another 1,000 workers expected to be recruited. More news Topics Apple Computing Tax avoidance Corporate governance Ireland Europe Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Irish cabinet delays decision on Apple tax appeal Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Aug 31, 2016 | 11:14pm BST Irish cabinet delays decision on Apple tax appeal left right Ireland's national flag flies above a statue on O'Connell Street in Dublin in this December 5, 2011 file photo. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton/File Photo 1/4 left right Ireland's Finance Minister Michael Noonan attends an interview with Reuters at his office in central Dublin February 11, 2014. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton/File Photo 2/4 left right A man looks at his phone as he walks past an authorised apple reseller store in Galway, Ireland August 30, 2016. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne 3/4 left right An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo 4/4 By Padraic Halpin and Conor Humphries | DUBLIN DUBLIN Ireland's cabinet could not agree on Wednesday whether to fight a European Commission ruling against Dublin's tax dealings with Apple (AAPL.O), raising questions over any appeal and the government's stability. Finance Minister Michael Noonan has insisted Dublin would appeal any adverse ruling ever since the EU investigation began in 2014. But after over five hours of discussion, the cabinet adjourned until Friday when the government said a decision would be made. Dublin has just over two months at the latest to make an appeal against the Commission's ruling that the U.S. tech giant should hand over to Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) ruled to be illegal state aid. Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down a tax windfall that would be enough to fund the country's health service for a year, and this appears to be complicating the cabinet decision whether to fight the ruling. "Following the discussion, it was agreed to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Attorney General's Office and with officials," the government press office said in a statement. Apple, one of many major multinationals whose European headquarters are based in Ireland, has said it will appeal the decision and a failure by the Irish government to join them could undermine the country's pro-business credentials. Noonan said on Tuesday he "disagreed profoundly" with what he called a bizarre order from the Commission. However, the Independent Alliance - a group of independent lawmakers represented in the minority coalition government - said on Tuesday that they were reviewing the EU's decision and would need to consult further with Noonan, tax officials and independent experts. If the Independent Alliance refused to back an appeal and pulled out of the government, Prime Minister Enda Kenny's Fine Gael party would no longer have sufficient support in parliament to pass legislation. That would prompt the collapse of the government, analysts said. "The government can't survive without the Independent Alliance," said Eoin O'Malley, politics lecturer at Dublin City University. "(But) the way the Independent Alliance appear to work is that they have cabinet (discussions) first and then discuss it with each other. I would be more concerned if in a week's time the cabinet hadn't agreed." DIVIDED OPINION As well as the Independent Alliance, Fine Gael also relies on an agreement with its biggest rival, Fianna Fail, to abstain on key votes to facilitate the minority government. Fianna Fail said on Tuesday it would back an appeal through the European Courts. Both parties were criticized by left-wing Sinn Fein, the country's third largest party. It said the government should accept the Commission's ruling and impose the tax bill on the iPhone maker. It also increased pressure on the Independent Alliance, which agreed to go into coalition in May only after an unprecedented 10 weeks of post-election talks and has already broken ranks on another vote. "It is important that Irish taxpayers are represented. The Independent Alliance have an opportunity to do that. They should oppose any appeal and insist that the correct tax bill is paid by Apple," Sinn Fein's David Cullinane said in a statement. Opinion on the government's stance was split on the streets of Dublin where some were stunned that they would give up a potential 13 billion euro tax windfall. "They are doing the wrong thing. They don't care about the normal people," said Louise O'Reilly, 57, a full-time carer for her diabetic and partially blind mother. "There's two laws in this country, one for the rich and one for the poor." At stake for Ireland is the lure of its low corporate tax rate, a cornerstone of economic policy for decades that has drawn investors from large multinational companies whose staff account for almost one in 10 of the country's workers. The Apple decision also comes as Ireland seeks to market itself as one of the top locations for any companies considering moving operations from Britain after its vote to leave the EU. Dublin has already seen a jump in inquiries, particularly from financial services firms. The Commission's drive could check that advantage. The U.S. Treasury warned that the move threatened to undermine U.S. investment in Europe and a spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said it would welcome any company that is prepared to invest in the United Kingdom. Others on the streets of Dublin shared the government's concerns. "People need to educate themselves. If we take the 13 billion we'll have a catastrophe jobs wise," said Tracey Whelan, 46, an accountant for a private equity firm in Dublin. "Obviously we'd love it... but it's a poisoned apple." (Additional reporting by Conor Humphires, and Kylie McLellan in London; Editing by Andrew Roche and David Stamp) Next In Technology News Amazon's Alexa moves in on Google's Android system Amazon.com Inc’s digital assistant appeared almost everywhere at the CES technology show this week in Las Vegas, even making an unexpected appearance on rival Google’s Android system. Canada's competition watchdog closes two-year Apple probe TORONTO Canada's Competition Bureau on Friday said it had not found sufficient evidence that Apple Inc had engaged in anti-competitive conduct, closing a two-year investigation into the iPhone maker. Exclusive: China's ZTE to slash about 3,000 jobs - sources HONG KONG Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE , which is facing U.S. trade sanctions that could severely disrupt its supply chain, is slashing about 3,000 jobs, including a fifth of positions in its struggling handset business in China, company sources said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → Apple’s iCloud gets 2TB Storage Tier Ahead of iPhone Launch Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Aug 31st, 2016 10:25 AM EST | News Apple quietly added a 2TB storage option for iCloud subscribers, doubling the previous high end tier. The company added the new level this week, leading to speculation that the company’s September 7th media really will include a new iPhone with 256GB storage. iCloud storage add-ons now top out at 2TB All iCloud subscriptions include 5GB online storage for free with the option to add more for a monthly fee. 50GB costs US$0.99, 200GB is priced at $2.99, 1TB runs $9.99, and the new 2TB option costs $19.99 a month. Rumors claim Apple is dropping the 16GB low-end storage option for the iPhone 7 in favor of 32GB. The mid-range storage option will reportedly be 128GB, with 256GB becoming the new high-end storage option. The new 2TB iCloud tier is great for users already finding the 1TB option too limited, but it’s also a welcome addition for Mac users planning on taking advantage of macOS Sierra’s Desktop sync feature. Desktop syncing does exactly what you think: it synchronizes your macOS Desktop so the same files and folders are on all of your Macs, and in the same place on your screen. You can upgrade your iCloud storage from your Mac by going to Apple menu > System Preferences > iCloud. Click Manage, then click Buy More Storage. On your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch go to Settings > iCloud > Storage and tap Change Storage Plan. Syncing all those files can eat through your iCloud storage quickly, so adding a 2TB option ahead of releasing macOS Sierra to the public is a smart move. Apple hasn’t narrowed down when macOS Sierra will ship other than to say it’s some time this fall. With new iPhones and iOS 10 coming this month and new Macs most likely in October, macOS Sierra has to be coming soon. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: iCloud, storage 3 Comments Add a comment geoduck August 31, 2016 I don’t need 2TB. But I was hoping they might adjust the other tiers up. August 31, 2016 at 10:44 EST AM dlstarr7 August 31, 2016 I would do 2tb, if I had a fast enough connection to make uploading to it not take a year. August 31, 2016 at 4:30 EST PM Scott B in DC September 1, 2016 How about if they add a way to encrypt iCloud where only I have the key? If my iPhone wants to access iCloud I will enter a keyword to mount it as a volume that is not encrypted. But at rest, it would be encrypted with my key! Yes dammit, I want encryption! Of course I have something to hide. Why else would I want encryption?! September 1, 2016 at 12:57 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 3101 Jeff Gamet news 3 1472639156 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Samsung launches new Gear S3 smartwatch Samsung's latest smartwatch line, the Gear S3, features a rugged, outdoorsy design in the S3 Frontier and a traditional look in the S3 Classic. These feature a larger screen, a new "always on display" and compatibility with Samsung Pay.PHOTO: SAMSUNG Samsung's latest smartwatch line, the Gear S3, features a rugged, outdoorsy design in the S3 Frontier and a traditional look in the S3 Classic. These feature a larger screen, a new "always on display" and compatibility with Samsung Pay.PHOTO: SAMSUNG Samsung's latest smartwatch line, the Gear S3, features a rugged, outdoorsy design in the S3 Frontier and a traditional look in the S3 Classic. These feature a larger screen, a new "always on display" and compatibility with Samsung Pay.PHOTO: SAMSUNG PublishedSep 1, 2016, 1:18 am SGT UpdatedSep 1, 2016, 2:38 am More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4cre Copy Lester Hio lesterh@sph.com.sg BERLIN - With rumours that Apple might be unveiling Apple Watch 2, Samsung has jumped the gun and launched a new smartwatch, the Gear S3.  It will come in two designs - a rugged, outdoorsy version called the Gear S3 Frontier, and a more minimalist and elegant model known as Gear S3 Classic. The South Korean electronics giant announced the smartwatches ahead of the annual consumer electronics trade show, IFA, in Berlin, Germany. Both Gear S3 models come with a 1.3-inch circular watch face with a Super Amoled screen. It features a new "always on display", instead of turning on when the user moves or touches the screen.  It is still powered by Samsung's wearable operating system, Tizen. Like its predecessor Gear S2, the Gear S3 retains the line's signature rotating bezel but with additional functions. Users can now accept or reject calls, or snooze an alarm, using the bezel and without touching the screen. The Gear S3 Frontier comes with both Wi-Fi and LTE capability, allowing users to accept calls while out of range of their mobile phones. The Classic does not support LTE.  Both designs accept 22mm watch straps, and users are free to replace the straps with those they like. Both are imbued with plenty of sensors, such as an accelerometer, gyrometer, barometer and heart rate monitor.  Supporting wireless charging, the Gear S3 is supposed to last up to four days on a single charge. That's because its 380mAh battery has a higer capacity than that of the Gear S2's, which tops off at 300mAh for the 3G-enabled version . In addition, the Gear S3 will be compatible with Samsung Pay, with support for both magnetic secure transmission and near field communication. Users can add a credit or debit card directly to their Samsung Pay accounts and use their watch to pay for purchases at retail counters compatible with Samsung Pay. Samsung did not announce pricing or specific launch dates during the announcement. However, the Gear S3 is expected to hit Singapore's shores in the last quarter of the year.  Topics:  SAMSUNG SMARTWATCHES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4cre Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Travel Agency goes the extra mile to protect personal data st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping 30% off storewide & extra $10 off on Toki Choi!! Shop Now! SKII at $129 only! K.O. price guaranteed! Beat the rest & get the latest Batman Lego! Limited 10 sets only! Sign up on Qoo10 now and get these at $1!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter International Edition Saturday January, 7, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks This is who the EU's chasing for back taxes AP September 1, 2016, 12:04 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet Here are some of the highlights from the EU's crackdown on companies that it says received special tax deals from member countries. Apple On Tuesday, Apple was ordered to pay up to 13 billion euros (US$14.5 billion) plus interest in back taxes to Ireland after the EU said that the iPhone maker had paid next to no tax. Apple, based in Cupertino, California, denied it received or asked for any special deals and said it would appeal. Starbucks The coffee chain was told in October 2015 to pay back 30 million euros (US$33 million) in back taxes to the the Netherlands. Starbucks said it would appeal the decision. Fiat Chrysler A finance unit of the Italian automaker was ordered to pay 30 million euros (US$33 million) to Luxemburg in October 2015. Fiat Chrysler said it would appeal. Amazon The EU announced nearly two years ago that it opened an investigation into Amazon.com and any possible tax deals the online retailer has with Luxemburg. The investigation of Amazon.com, based in Seattle, is still pending. SHARE CLOSE Blogger Google+ Live Journal Plurk Stumble Upon   Tweet PREVIOUS ARTICLE Beats wins in pre-Apple double dealing case NEXT ARTICLE Apple vows to fight against record EU tax bill Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Electronic luggage tags slash EVA Air flight check-in time 2 Takeover could go through before Jan. 11 3 Staff, banks should enjoy same rights: Labor Ministry 4 Amazon video hits Taiwan, steps up challenge to Netflix 5 'Turnaround King' sets sights on TransAsia 6 What does the US interest rate hike mean for Taiwan? 7 1.68% GDP boost forecast for 2017 8 Technology startups target financial services 9 Acer approves NT$6.34 bil. impairment charge 10 Gilead ordered to pay Merck Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter International Edition Saturday January, 7, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Apple vows to fight against record EU tax bill By Danny Kemp ,AFP September 1, 2016, 12:04 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet BRUSSELS -- Silicon Valley tech titan Apple will fight an EU demand for a record 13 billion euros in back taxes in Ireland, a move Washington warned could damage transatlantic economic ties. Brussels said Apple, the world's most valuable company, avoided virtually all tax on its business in the bloc by illegal arrangements with Dublin which gave the company an unfair advantage over competitors. Apple and the Irish government immediately said they would appeal against the European Commission ruling, with the iPhone maker warning it could cost European jobs. The White House meanwhile cautioned against "unilateral" measures by the EU. The company's shares lost some of their shine after the ruling, down 0.77 percent to US$106 at the close of official trading on the Nasdaq, making for a more than 3 percent loss over the past two weeks ahead of the highly anticipated ruling. "This decision sends a clear message. Member states cannot give unfair tax benefits to selected companies, no matter if European or foreign, large or small," EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said. "The Commission's investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years," she added. Ireland has attracted multinationals over many years by offering extremely favorable sweetheart tax deals to generate much-needed jobs and investment. But after a three-year investigation Brussels said the arrangement with Apple broke EU laws on state aid. The findings come amid growing tensions between Washington and Brussels over a series of EU anti-trust investigations targeting other giant U.S. companies such as Google, Amazon, McDonald's, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler. 1|2|3|Next Page>> SHARE CLOSE Blogger Google+ Live Journal Plurk Stumble Upon   Tweet PREVIOUS ARTICLE This is who the EU's chasing for back taxes NEXT ARTICLE US dollar holds gains on Fed rate hike bets; yen pressured Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Electronic luggage tags slash EVA Air flight check-in time 2 Takeover could go through before Jan. 11 3 Staff, banks should enjoy same rights: Labor Ministry 4 Amazon video hits Taiwan, steps up challenge to Netflix 5 'Turnaround King' sets sights on TransAsia 6 What does the US interest rate hike mean for Taiwan? 7 1.68% GDP boost forecast for 2017 8 Technology startups target financial services 9 Acer approves NT$6.34 bil. impairment charge 10 Gilead ordered to pay Merck Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Apple's European tax fight could spur congressional action: U.S. treasury head U.S. firms have left an estimated $2 trillion US in untaxed foreign profits overseas The Associated Press Posted: Aug 31, 2016 1:23 PM ET Last Updated: Aug 31, 2016 1:33 PM ET The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion US) in back taxes. (Reuters) Related Stories Order for Apple to pay billions in back taxes is good for almost everyone: Don Pittis EU rules Apple must pay up to 13B euros in back taxes U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on Wednesday criticized a European ruling that Apple owes more than $14.5 billion US in back taxes. But he said the decision may spur Congress to finally address the stalled effort to reform America's corporate tax structure. Lew said that while the Obama administration has failed in its efforts to get tax reform through Congress, he believes the unhappiness expressed by both Democrats and Republicans following Europe's announcement on Tuesday could push Congress to act. He said he is "hopeful that we will see action, probably not in my tenure, but early in the next administration." ANALYSIS Order for Apple to pay billions in back taxes is good for almost everyone: Don Pittis EU rules Apple must pay up to 13B euros in back taxes The European Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay roughly 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion US) in back taxes plus interest for what European authorities ruled were unpaid taxes accumulated over a decade that Apple owes Ireland. Both Apple and Ireland have said they plan to appeal the decision. Lew said that he saw Europe's effort as "an attempt to reach in to the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed by the United States." Treasury Secretary Jack Lew called the European ruling an attempt to reach into the U.S. tax base. (Jacquelyn Martin/The Associated Press) He said it also appeared to be the latest in a string of actions targeting big U.S. companies. "The pattern of actions certainly appears to be highly focused on U.S. firms," Lew said. "The largest actions do appear to be aimed squarely at our tax base." The decision sparked outrage in Congress with Senator Charles Schumer, a Democrat from New York, calling it a "cheap money grab by the European Commission, targeting U.S. businesses and the U.S. tax base." House ways and means chairman Kevin Brady, a Republican from Texas, called the action a "predatory and naked tax grab" which he said underscored the need for congressional action. Lew said that while the Obama administration has not succeeded in getting tax reform through Congress, it has made progress on the issue and "there is a growing bipartisan consensus on how to deal with tax reform in a way that will enable us to reach overseas income." U.S.-based companies are taxed at a 35 per cent corporate rate on their global profits but they get tax credits for payments to foreign governments and they don't pay the U.S. tax until they bring the money home. For that reason, U.S. companies have left an estimated $2 trillion US in untaxed foreign profits overseas. Congress has been debating for years how to deal with this growing stockpile but disputes between Democrats and Republicans over how to overhaul corporate taxes has stalled action. © The Associated Press, 2016 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Automakers take differing routes to self-driving future January 06, 4:23 PM ET U.S. International Trade Commission says Canadian softwood lumber caused harm January 06, 4:30 PM ET Canada added 54,000 jobs last month, making 2016 best year for jobs since 2012 January 06, 7:59 PM ET read comments video Starbucks to end beer, wine sales at hundreds of U.S. outlets January 06, 3:29 PM ET Canada records surprise November trade surplus January 06, 11:40 AM ET Must Watch Video Economic good news 4:42 Avery Shenfeld, chief economist, CIBC Capital Markets, on the two positive bits of news the economy received Video The Ticker 10:54 Marvin Ryder, assistant professor, McMaster University, on some of the day's top stories Video A costly year 5:57 Celyeste Power of Insurance Bureau of Canada on the worst year on record for losses from natural disasters Video Energy expectations 5:42 Todd Hirsch, chief economist at ATB Financial, on the 2017 outlook for crude Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Jan 06, 2017 4:34 PM ET Jan 06, 2017 4:39 PM ET Jan 06, 2017 4:15 PM ET Jan 06, 2017 4:44 PM ET Jan 06, 2017 4:34 PM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15496.05 -90.53 DOW 19963.80 64.51 NASDAQ 5521.06 33.12 SP 500 2276.98 7.98 TSX-VENTURE 791.44 -2.82 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Starbucks to end beer, wine sales at hundreds of U.S. outlets U.S. International Trade Commission says Canadian softwood lumber caused harm Ann Makosinski, 19-year-old B.C. inventor, makes Forbes 30 under 30 list video Canada adds 54,000 jobs in December read comments video Donald Trump threatens Toyota with tax on imports of Mexican-made vehicles read comments video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss CES Automakers take differing routes to self-driving future Analysis Home ownership remains a millennial measure of success: Don Pittis Under 35? You face at least 3 tough challenges in the 2017 economy Canada's top CEOs earn 193 times average worker's salary Carbon capture industry could grow if taxes rise, expert says New rules for investment fees provide clarity, but won't fix all complaints From digital boards to big, bad Amazon: Things to watch in retail in 2017 Get fit, eat better: Keep new year's resolutions without breaking the bank Analysis The 5 biggest business blunders of 2016: Dianne Buckner CRTC reviews, rulings in 2017 that could affect your phone, TV and internet bills Analysis Two conflicting stories of our economic future as we head into 2017: Don Pittis Check your financial plan, review budget at least once a year, advisers say Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Samsung Samsung Gear S3 Frontier vs Gear S3 Classic vs Apple Watch: What is the difference and which is better? We compare newly announced Samsung Gear S3 with the market-leading Apple Watch to see which is better. By Alistair Charlton August 31, 2016 18:32 BST Comparing the new Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (top) with the Apple WatchScreenshots The newly announced Samsung Gear S3 Frontier and S3 Classic are a pair of smartwatches billed to compete against the dominant Apple Watch. Here, we have compared the specifications of the new Gear S3 range with the Apple Watch, to help you decide which is better and deserves your hard-earned cash. Due to the large size of both Gear S3s (they have a screen diameter of approximately 46mm), we have chosen to compare it with the larger 42mm Apple Watch. If the £259 38mm model is more your thing, then everything apart from the case and screen size remains the same. Also, it looks like Apple might be preparing to announce a new version of the Watch; this might happen at the media event it has scheduled for 7 September, where the iPhone 7 will be unveiled, or it could be held later in the year. With that being said, here is how the new Gear S3 Frontier and S3 Classic stacks up against the Apple Watch Apple Watch 42mm Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gear S3 Classic Display 1.65in AMOLED, 390 x 312 1.3in AMOLED, 360 x 360 1.3in AMOLED, 360 x 360 Processor Apple S1, 520MHz Dual-core, 1GHz Dual-Core, 1GHz Memory 512MB 768MB 768MB Storage 8GB 4GB 4GB Battery 250mAh, 22 hours 380mAh, up to four days 380mAh, up to four days Software watchOS 2 Tizen Tizen Dimensions 42 x 35.9 x 10.5mm, 50g (body only) 46 x 49 x 12.9mm, 62g 46 x 49 x 12.9mm, 59g Water resistance 1 metre for 30 minutes 1.5 metres for 30 minutes 1.5 metres for 30 minutes Unlike the Apple Watch, both versions of the Gear S3 have an always-on display which means they always show the time, not just when you turn your wrist. Both S3s have an SOS feature to quickly call the emergency services, and the Apple Watch will be getting the same when its software is updated to watchOS 3 in a few weeks' time. Samsung says both models of S3 are compatible with any 22mm watch strap, not just the range it produces. While this is not true of the Apple Watch, third-party adapters can be bought to get around this. The Samsung Gear S3 comes in two styles, the Frontier and ClassicSamsung All three watches are water resistant to one metre for 30 minutes, but neither Apple nor Samsung have confirmed their watches are suitable for swimming. The Gear S3 range both come with an altimeter and barometer, as well as a speedometer and integrated GPS. Samsung's trump card is a version of the Gear S3 Frontier which is unlikely to be sold in the UK. That model comes with integrated LTE connectivity, indicating it has its own SIM card and phone number, so it can make calls and connect to the internet without being connected to a smartphone via Bluetooth. Finally, while the Apple Watch [42mm] starts at £299, Samsung is yet to reveal how much the Gear S3 will cost, or exactly when it will go on sale. Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung QLED TV series unveiled at CES 2017 Columnists Ella Whelan “The Women's March on Washington is a pointless protest for middle-class feminists READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... UK video game deals: The Last Guardian, Dishonored 2, Call of Duty, Xbox One bundle and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. Is this 'leaked' Samsung Galaxy S8 photo actually a fake? Concept renders shared on Weibo are the work of a graphic artist. QLED vs OLED: What's the difference? A brief guide to the latest TV tech OLED and QLED may be similar in principal, but are in fact completely... D-Link routers and IoT cameras could give hackers easy access to 'live video and audio' FTC said D-Link failed to live up to its advertising which promised... Dakar Rally 2017: Spectacular photos of the world's most gruelling motorsport event Photographers are following the action, taking spectacular photos in... Apple's first retail store in South Korea will open in Samsung's back garden Cupertino giant brings iPhones, MacBooks and more to 'Samsung City'. CES 2017: Dell launches XPS 13 convertible model, Dell Canvas, 8K monitor, Latitude 7285 and more The company has also updated the XPS 15 with improved performance. Former Snapchat employee accuses company of inflating growth figures ahead of IPO Snap Inc rejects the claims and says the lawsuit is entirely without... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Our (un)reasonable expectations of Apple Posted on Wednesday, August 31st, 2016 at 10:10 am. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple Apple is in a very unique position in the tech industry in that expectations of the company are much higher than those of its competitors. Let’s be honest, when was the last time you heard someone talk about Dell or HP product releases with the exuberance that we talk about Apple. That also puts Apple in a tough position of meeting, what are sometimes, inflated expectations from Wall St. and consumers. To be clear, some of those lofty expectations are Apple’s own doing, but there is a big difference between them and other companies. Every company wants to be the best—they talk about how innovative they are and how their products are the best. For the most part, we can see that for what it is—marketing talk. When Phil Schiller, Eddy Cue, Craig Federighi, or Tim Cook say they want to make a better product or a better experience, I believe them. I think what they’ve done over the years with iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac shows they believe it too. With the exception of Craig Federighi, I’ve interviewed the other Apple execs over my 20 years of reporting on Apple. I’ve also interviewed a lot of other tech executives and can see the difference in not only what they say, but how they say it. There is genuine belief from Apple that they are doing the best thing for its customers, whether that’s building a better product, or standing up for privacy. Our Responsibility and Reasonable Expectations Despite their belief, sometimes Apple products aren’t what we expect them to be. I do believe that we have a responsibility to let them know in the strongest possible way that they have fallen short of our expectations and their promises to us. I have been a very harsh critic of Apple Music since it was released just over a year. For me, music is a very personal thing—it permeates every aspect of my life. I wanted Apple Music to be exactly what they promised when it was introduced. Sadly, they fell short of what they promised, and way short of what I expected. Apple is a company that typically under-promises and over-delivers, but sometimes that doesn’t happen. Having said that, the music team has made incredible strides over the past year to fix all of the problems with Apple Music. They deserve a lot of credit for that, and I’ve been just as vocal with my praise as I have been with my criticism. I think that’s fair. You can take my stance with Apple Music and put it to any other product that Apple makes that you are happy with or dissatisfied with. We should be critical, but fair. Holding Apple to a standard that they set for themselves is more than a fair and reasonable measurement of how they met our expectations. I would argue that Apple Music (insert your favorite product here) did not meet those reasonable expectations. Our Unreasonable Expectations While there are many reasonable expectations for Apple, we also have a lot of unreasonable expectations. Let’s look at MacBook Pro. We all want a new MacBook Pro. However, expecting Apple to release a new product when it’s not ready is unreasonable. Apple could have released a new MacBook Pro in June at WWDC. It probably would have had the same processor and maybe a couple of upgraded chips. Would that have been enough to satisfy our expectations? Absolutely not. People would have lost their collective minds over a minor upgrade. I don’t see using Intel’s Skylake as an alternative for Apple. There were shortages in the chips, which would have made for MacBook Pro shortages. Worse still, the Skylake chips had a major flaw that affected processing. It would have been a disaster for Apple to release a MacBook Pro based on those chips, but people still kicked up a fuss. That’s not reasonable. Fairness We expect Apple to make some decisions for us. We expect that when a MacBook, iPhone, iPad or any other product is released, it will work flawlessly. For the most part, Apple has not let us down with that, especially with hardware. While it is completely reasonable to hold Apple’s feet to the fire when they disappoint us with a product, it is not fair to expect the company to release products that are not ready for the public. Whether it’s their technology or the technology from another company like Intel. Many people continue to wonder about Apple’s ability to release another blockbuster product. To be clear, most companies have one blockbuster product in their entire history—Apple has had several. Mac, iPhone, iPad, iPod, and Apple Watch cover just the hardware. You can argue what rises to the level of blockbuster, but all of those products have sold well and are widely considered to be the best in their category. No company can release a revolutionary product every year or two—it’s just not possible. The only way you can lose faith in Apple is to think that the executives are not pushing the company forward and trying to innovate with every product they release. I don’t believe that for one second. Our expectations of Apple are higher than any other company in the market. For the most part, they have met—and exceeded—those expectations time and again. You can bet against Apple if you like, but I believe there are a lot of great things still to come out of Cupertino. GS More than a sentence out of Jim. Finally! lkalliance Yep. John Voliva I don’t come here for longform! LOL. Good work, Jim. lkalliance lol, guilty as charged. 🙂 TF Harper Thanks Jim, well said! Russ Goerend No company can release a revolutionary product every year or two—it’s just not possible. …So, Apple should quit claiming to do just that. Interesting post, but the root of our unreasonable expectations fall squarely on Apple, both because of the products they’ve released and the hype they create around them. mdelvecchio where do they claim they’re doing that every year? rick gregory They dont claim to do this. Do they trumpet and promote new products? Sure. Claim they’re better than competitor products? Yep. Claim they’re revolutionary? No. Go re-read the article. lkalliance I think there are times when keynote presenters (Phil Schiller, mostly, I think) will use the term “magical” too often. Feels too much like marketing, like a validation of the sort of expectations Mr. Dalrymple was referencing in the article. rick gregory Examples? And… do you really expect execs to not hype their products and be proud of them if they think they’ve delivered something really good? lkalliance I don’t feel like going and looking up transcripts. You’ll have to just accept that my memory is OK and I’m in touch with the feelings I had at the time. Of course I expect the executives to brag about their products. And, as with anything else, I would expect my reactions to the brag to be flavored by whether I think the things they’re bragging about warrant the language. Clearing the “magical” or “revolutionary” bar was easier when the playing field was less level. rick gregory No, I don’t have to accept your memory is accurate at all. You’re the one making the claim about them using specific words and insinuating that it’s unwarranted. FWIW, Jobs used the word Magical about the iPad and it’s perfectly reasonable for Schiller to hearken back to the when he talks about some of the recent improvements (the Pencil and how well it works when drawing, etc). for that product. I dont really care if you cite or not, but this kind of thing is always trotted out in this discussions… the vague assertion that Apple’s doing something wrong but without any concrete examples referenced. If it happend, you can find it. You can google “schiller” and “Magical”. Or not. lkalliance My statement still stands, I’m afraid. It’s not a vague assertion. I’ve been watching Apple keynotes since the late ’90’s, and the terms “magical” and “revolutionary” and “fantastic” and similar pepper all of their talks, and their press releases. They are tiring phrases to hear over and over, even over a span of years. A problem is that they are subjective terms, and a piece of one’s mind is, either consciously or subconsciously, set aside to evaluate them. What is “revolutionary?” What is “magical?” What is “fantastic” or “beautiful” or “super” or any of it? They’re not concrete terms. Eventually you stop evaluating, it’s tedious, you roll your eyes and you just accept it as marketing. As just words Apple uses over and over again. Here’s a (somewhat dated) article: http://www.zdnet.com/article/at-apple-everything-is-revolutionary/ And here’s a (tongue-in-cheek) video from the poster child of all of this, the 2013 keynote): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWPqjXYTqYw I think those are reasonable examples. At some keynotes, say a very famous one in January of 2007 with which we’re all familiar, what is on display is so mind-boggling that I was overwhelmed by what I was seeing anyway. But even then one of the “money quotes” was Steve Jobs quoting an unnamed Apple colleague: “You had me at scrolling.” This stands in opposition to the generic terms. A concrete quote (I’m giving the benefit of the doubt that, though the speaker was unspecified, that it really happened), by someone saying something more than “it’s revolutionary.” It’s just tiring, and undercuts the value of the products. mdelvecchio so to recap — because you think Schiller says “magical” too often, that means Apple is claiming to herald annual revolutions? yeah words don’t work that way. you’ve failed to back up your assertion. lkalliance Gosh, lighten up. Yes, I believe that the impression I’m meant to get from every Apple keynote (I’d guess from every keynote from every company), is that their product is in some basic way better than the products of all the competitors. In Apple’s language, the terms “revolutionary” and “magical” are part of that language. Particularly the first word, which is in every single press release. The challenge from Apple is that they HAVE done revolutionary things! We’ve all seen it! I daresay anyone reading this blog has possession of one either in their hands right at this moment or within arm’s reach! What made the iPhone revolutionary was evident in the seeing and the using, to everyone who had any interaction with one. It didn’t have to be labelled as such: it was clearly such, from the moment it was revealed. Few things have that immediate, visceral reaction. The iPad…we’d seen this interaction before. The iPad is really really really cool and wonderful. But we’d already spent three years interacting with our phones in a similar way. The Apple Watch is a marvel of engineering…it’s absolutely amazing how Apple’s engineers have packed so much power and so much functionality into such a little and attractive package. But it’s not something we’ve fundamentally never seen. The same feelings really can’t be attributed to those latter two devices the way they could to the iPhone, thus the same words can’t really be, either. Darn it, now I want to watch that January, 2007 keynote again, to listen carefully to the words. This will be an interesting exercise and comparison! lkalliance Hey, I don’t have to watch it, there’s a transcript! Woo-hoo! So, in the January 2007 original iPhone keynote, here’s a breakdown: REVOLUTIONARY This one is a tough one to evaluate. He uses the word 12 times, but some of them are direct callbacks to earlier times he used them. So he would reference a “revolutionary user interface,” and then later reference it like, “why do we need a revolutionary user interface?” That really is one use, but called back once. Counting that way, I’d say there are somewhere between 6 and 8 unique uses of “Revolutionary.” FANTASTIC He used that word twice, once to describe Pirates of the Caribbean (though I’m looking at that out of context, I don’t know if he’s referencing the movie, or the experience of watching the movie on the phone). So, maximum of twice. MAGIC Once. “Magical” not at all. AWESOME That appears 11 times in the transcript, but several are applied to other devices. The iTV in particular. The rest are about experience, not the product, inasmuch as those are not the same thing. “Isn’t this awesome?” The word is used six times in the iPhone preso, but four times in “isn’t this awesome?” context. So, as little as twice, if you’re inclined to count it that way. TREMENDOUS Three times SUPER Twice, and both times in compound words: “super-easy” and “super-smart” WONDERFUL Four times, but once was in reference to an iPod ad, once was in reference to their experience with a business partner, and once was repeated. “Wonderful, just wonderful.” I’m counting that as one. BEAUTIFUL Seven times, twice for the iTV and five times for the iPhone (three of those times for the earbuds). Now I’ve got to find transcripts of other keynotes and compare! I’m really interested to see if this is a real phenomenon, or if it’s context-sensitive. That would be really interesting. Steven Fisher Yeah, because the original iPhone had no revolutionary, magical, etc features at all. lkalliance No, the point is incomplete. I meant to show that though the original iPhone was a mind-blowing, revolutionary thing…that Steve Jobs’ presentation actually used FEWER instances of those words than get used these days in Apple presentations. The truly world-changing products don’t need those labels affixed. What I’ve listed above seems almost under-selling, maybe? Because the iPhone spoke for itself. It strikes me, too, that several instances I’ve listed above really talk about experience, rather than the object. How it makes you feel. When Mr. Jobs said, “Isn’t this awesome?” I feel more like he’s asking us if we feel awesome in the doing, rather than the phone being awesome itself. I’m probably over-thinking that. Anyway the point will remain incomplete, of course, until I can compare to other keynotes, which is going to be a long and tedious task to which I’m not up now. So I’ll have to acknowledge the point is incomplete and dangling there. Steven Fisher Fair enough. But be careful with raw counts. Even if Apple’s newer iPhones haven’t been as revolutionary as the original, some of the features have been. I really don’t think it’s hyperbole to call handoff magical, including the ability to shoot yourself in the foot with it if you don’t understand it. (A friend of mine used handoff to transfer a long draft email from Mac to iPhone, then deleted it.) Likewise, even compared to the experience of using touch cards or an iPhone, using Apple Pay on the watch is a revolutionary experience. I think what I’m saying is that devices aren’t “magical” unless they redefine a market, but features certainly can be. 🙂 lkalliance Also worth noting, in the breakdown I just did, that context is very important. When Steve Jobs gave a keynote, it was very often just him. Other speakers would speak, but with not as much stage time as they get now. I can’t tell if, psychologically, that makes a difference. If one person gets up and says something’s great, that’s one opinion you’re hearing. When four people (say, Tim Cook, Phil Schiller, Eddie Cue and Craig Federighi) each get up and each use a similar word (“fantastic,” “revolutionary,” “awesome,” whatever) it begins to sound like groupthink…like it’s a message they’ve each been asked to hammer home, and it gets more repetitive. “Yeah, the last guy said it was great too.” Finally, comparing any speaker to Mr. Jobs is a trifle unfair. He was an engaging speaker, with the ability to really draw you in. Call it a “reality distortion field” if you must…but he was better than any of the current presenters at making me believe his absolute sincerity in the context of salesmanship. It’s not that I don’t believe the others are being sincere…just that it feels forced. It feels like “marketing” in a way that it never did with Mr. Jobs. So there’s that, too. puggsly But in 2007, the iPhone was revolutionary and Magical! lkalliance lol, I’m not sure if you’re being tongue-in-cheek or serious, based on your phrasing…but I’m going to answer sincerely. I think you’re right! In hindsight, I think there have been two Apple products that felt “revolutionary” and “magical”…or, just paradigm-changing…at the time. One was the Mac, and one was the iPhone. Both seemed to turn the industry on its head, and both were relentlessly copied. You could say the same thing about the iPod, I guess, but I don’t think that was copied until after it was a success. With the Mac and with the iPhone…you just knew immediately that everything had changed. Steven Fisher About features, sure. And things like Continuity might as well be magic. Donkey I’ve yet to see any hype created by Apple. Any hype is from sources outside of Apple. kaysha Yep rosewoodat5th Does this mean next weeks announcements are going to stink? : O Shawn King Yes – if you’ve set your expectations too high. rick gregory Of course, where we should set expectations is the question. So far the iPhone 7 is looking lackluster in many ways… an evolution of the 6/6S vs a fresh new design. On the other hand, smartphones have hit that maturity plateau and we’re likely in for incremental improvements vs radically better stuff. That makes the September events much less exciting and we’ve kind of gotten hooked on big new things over the years. rosewoodat5th I for one will be pumped up by whatever they announce… a way better camera is enough to get me excited. I just have never ready anything like this before by Jim but I totally get that it could be the genuine thought process leading up to a major Apple event : ) Khashayar Sahebkar Exactly! I’m pretty sure Jim had to write this because Apple gave him his iPhone 7 few days ago. In exchange for that, they asked him to write this to lower people’s expectations. You’re going to see this pop up in Daring Fireball (and some other sites) too, if it hasn’t already! Shawn King “I’m pretty sure…” You’d be wrong… Khashayar Sahebkar Maybe not this time but you know they do this right? Shawn King I don’t know who “they” are but, when you call someone’s integrity and credibility into question, you better have facts to back it up. “Pretty sure” isn’t good enough for such serious accusations. Khashayar Sahebkar Obviously they means Apple. Specifically people who work as PR in Apple. Shawn King So you’re saying Apple pays Tech Bloggers to write nice things about the company? Steven Fisher Not fair to write something like that without warning us to swallow the cola we’ve got in our mouths, Shawn. 🙂 Khashayar Sahebkar If there’s one person that should be trusted when it comes to Apple news, it’s Mark Gurman. I don’t think anyone would doubt that since he has always been right on all and first on most rumours. https://9to5mac.com/2014/08/29/seeing-through-the-illusion-understanding-apples-mastery-of-the-media/ Shawn King LOL No, not at all. I proved that years ago with a web site that tracked every rumour. Gurman was right about half the time (not bad but not perfect). Thing is, you don’t remember when rumours are wrong – only when they are right. mdelvecchio utterly ignorant of reality. Apple doesn’t ask or tell Jim or Gruber to write PR for them. saying they do is idiotic and foolish. no, these guys write about what interests them, and they’ve built up large audiences for the way they write. they are press. press can write good things, bad things, and analytical things, which these guys do very well and often. rick gregory Put up or shut up with the accusations that JIm, Gruber et al are shilling for Apple. JohnDoey Apple is not in the same industry as Dell or HP. Apple is in consumer electronics. Dell and HP are in corporate I-T. Neither of them even makes a phone, which has been Apple’s main product for 10 years. The fact that you can mix up Apple with Dell and HP for even a moment at this point in Apple’s history is just more evidence that Apple is off-track today. Apple+IBM is more like HP than it is the old Apple. Our expectation that Apple would be a consumer electronics company rather than just another dreck corporate I-T vendor is not unrealistic. Our expectation that the software we run would not be some unreliable committee-driven crap is not unrealistic. The reason it is hard for tech bloggers to deal with Apple’s tragic loss of product quality is because most tech bloggers just continued to rah-rah-rah the whole time and lost all credibility. For the first 6 months of iOS 7, M.G. Seigler could not stop talking about how great it was. And then he admitted that his iPhone had been crashing daily for 6 months. Well, thanks for recommending iOS 7 to everybody! You see the same dynamic with Apple Watch. It was so great for the first 6 months, but now it is universally derided as being way too slow and not even close to ready for prime time. The thing is, it is not just Apple tech bloggers who have lost all credibility. It is also Apple. Nobody I know thinks of Apple as a quality product anymore. They used to be Rolls Royce and now they are a Volkswagon bug with a Rolls Royce front end stuck on. If you are watching a movie at 30 fps it looks like magic. It can take you anywhere. But if the movie player glitches and the frame rate falls to 20 fps and stutters, now the movie looks like malfunctioning technology. That is a totally different experience because you lost only 33% of the frame rate. The same kind of thing goes for software. At a high level of reliability, software is magic. But let that level of reliability fall off just a bit, and now the user is just looking at malfunctioning technology. So I find it really offensive to see so many tech bloggers — who should be the front line of defense for the user against poor product quality — instead defending Apple like “it’s only a 33% drop in frame rate, stop complaining and watch your stuttery movie!” Results matter. If I go see a Pixar movie and the movie cuts out halfway because of technical difficulties then I am not going to be talking about Pixar Magic™ afterwards. In 1985 Steve Jobs left Apple and Apple stopped making products for consumers and started making them for gigantic corporations. They could not get on their knees for corporate buyers fast enough. Tragically, Steve Jobs left Apple again in 2011 and Apple once again stopped making products for consumers and started making them for gigantic corporations. The resulting giant drop in product quality and the committee-driven product decisions are a feature of that switch, not some mysterious phenomenon that nobody can explain. Recognize it. Accept it. GET OVER IT. And most of all, please don’t blame consumer users because we are unhappy that Apple has abandoned us for corporate buyers who buy in lots of 10,000. The most interesting thing in this post is that it is clear that Jim has given up on Apple improving their product quality. If Jim believed, for example, that iOS 10 is the most reliable iOS ever then there would be nothing to say. lkalliance There’s a lot in this post I don’t agree with, at least not strongly, and a lot in this post I don’t disagree with, at least not strongly. But I would like to point out that though it’s a fair point to say that Apple shouldn’t be compared to HP or Dell because they are more consumer-focused, that I believe that portion of Mr. Dalrymple’s point would be the same if you compared Apple to Sony or Nintendo or some such (or Samsung, for that matter). mdelvecchio TLDR past first couple paragraphs, but see it’s the same old hater FUD nonsense. you’re flat out wrong, Apple sells to corporate every day and HP and Dell sell consumer PCs every day, thus they’re in the same industry as Apple…they just suck at it. rick gregory Most of this is generalized ranting with silly examples (the frame rate thing). Go outside Caleb Hightower I agree on the whole. I’m not as interested in ‘blockbuster’ innovation as I am in the tools I use daily. I want those to make evolutionary progress, not revolutionary. Jobs put us on a path that was difficult to maintain. Yet my expectations in iterative improvement still remain, despite Apple shifting priorities to mobile/iOS. Large swaths of core products are dying on the vine. Its now evident that those were Jobs pet projects that he alone coddled. I’d like for Apple to once again give them the attention they deserve. Does this mean we have to sacrifice mobile/iOS improvement for this to happen? I really hope Eddie and Jimmy can dig deep and embrace the values, vision, and motivation Jobs once had. Apple Music deserves their attention, passion, focus, love, and admiration. Cook is a great operations guy, not a motivational leader. He’s great at perpetuating what’s been done before. It’s unreasonable to expect him to ignite and motivate his team the way Steve once did. mdelvecchio unless you’ve worked for Cook, I fail to see how you could possibly know whether he’s motivational or not. In interviews his reports say that while he doesn’t scream and yell like Jobs did, they still hate disappointing him. if he was just at ops guy (a role he doesn’t do anymore, btw, since he’s, you know running the whole company now), he wouldn’t be able to continue with such amazing success. Apple doesn’t run itself and its not easy, despite what all the armchair execs like you apparently believe. Caleb Hightower Calm down, its just my opinion. lkalliance I often wonder how much can be attributed to Steve Jobs, and how much can’t. By the stories I hear, of course he had a definitive style, and a definitive vision, and those worked in conjunction to create some very defining products. But I wonder now if things would have been different now if he were still with us (for better or worse)? Something Mr. Cook and other Apple execs have to deal with now is competing in a world where the leadership of other tech companies grew up under Steve Jobs. In a sense, Mr. Jobs “won:” design is a major battleground now, and all companies pursue it as a part of their offerings, well or poorly. That wasn’t the case 15 years ago, and thus when Apple Computer shifted into a market that was purely consumerist (MP3 players) where design could really make a huge difference, it was probably like shooting fish in a barrel. But that’s not the world we live in now. mdelvecchio Jobs himself was quick to say he didn’t singlehandedly do everything awesome — that they worked together as a team and there were times when he was wrong and others were right. a visionary, sure, and a great product manager, but at the end of the day one guy with lots of good people who shared in his vision. I don’t see that as having changed. lkalliance That sounds about right. But it’s still a vision that was significantly different in an important way than that of all the other competitors. That is no longer the case, so I will be interested to see what happens from here. Will Apple change its vision somehow? Will it continue to pursue a more refined or reliable expression of that vision than other companies’? I wouldn’t presume to know what the most fruitful answer to that question…just that it will be interesting to see how things develop. mdelvecchio I don’t see where you proved that Apple lost the vision and is now operating just like their competitors. not seeing it at all. not in my experience, and not in the numbers — they don’t lie. lkalliance Oh, no, I didn’t mean that Apple lost the vision! I mean that the vision was singular in 2001, rare in 2007, unusual in 2010…but it was also a roadmap for others to follow. You can call it “stealing” if you like, and I wouldn’t tell you you’re wrong. I just mean that a decade ago it was only Apple following that map, and so it was really head and shoulders well above everyone else. Now its competitors also follow it. As such, it’s EASY for casual onlookers to say that “Apple has lost its way” because it no longer enjoys this unique vision. It blazed a trail, and others followed. My question is, if you look at this from a tactical or strategic angle, as a competition, where does Apple go from here? Do they blaze a trail in a different direction, repeat the seismic changes of 2007? Or continue to try to offer the best experience on the current trail? Of course in reality they’re trying to do both, and really looking at it this way is only an exercise in looking backwards and not forwards. I suppose it’s really only a question of not what’s going to happen, but how we’ll look back at what’s going to happen after it’s happened. Which is what lesser minds like mine do, leaving the forward-thinking to the minds at Apple. rick gregory He also had something that is not transferrable… Founder power. Not just power in the sense of ‘do this or else’ but the aura that comes from having been one of the 3 people who created Apple in the first place. lkalliance Interesting! That makes Mr. Cook the “unworthy” inheritor. That he is “old money.” rick gregory uh… no. Not at all. the point, since you seem to need it spelled out, is that founders have a special place in a company since it’s literally their creation. Nice troll though. lkalliance Oh, not intended as a troll at all! Since the day he took over as CEO, it seems that in some press and in many user comments, Mr. Cook has been labelled as “not Steve Jobs.” I take that to mean, “Tim Cook could not have done the things Steve Jobs did!” I hadn’t connected that to your concept of “founder power” but it feels like something very connected! The most basic, primal thing that Mr. Jobs did at Apple was to be a part of creating Apple Computer. And of course he presided over the “rebirth” of the company as well. Isn’t that what people mean when they say that “Tim Cook isn’t Steve Jobs?” That he couldn’t have created the Apple, Inc. that Mr. Jobs did? But, there he is, at the top of the food chain, enjoying the visibility and reaping the rewards (both financial and fame) of being the CEO of the richest company on earth…which he didn’t create! At least, that’s the narrative at its simplest, and easiest to state, though it skips over a lot of detail. That paints Mr. Cook as undeserving. Reaping the rewards he didn’t earn. It’s an easily-digestible narrative. Actually, though I don’t feel this was the point of the article, I suggest a corollary: that because Steve Jobs-led Apple created a revolution in the design of consumer electronics, and enjoyed a massive lead in that space, it created this expectation that Apple would in perpetuity enjoy this huge lead. So Tim Cook inherited not only the rewards of the groundwork laid by the Jobs-led Apple…but also the burdens. rick gregory We can’t know if Tim could have been a founder. What I’m saying is that being a founder confers a certain mystique on the founder him/herself. It’s not about the title they have but about the fact that founders literally created something out of nothing. It’s not a huge benefit when a company is tiny, but when it’s grown, you look at the person and think “they started this entire thing.” When the thing they started is Apple, which created and popularized one of the first personal computers with the Apple II and then radically changed how personal computers worked with the Mac, being one of the people who started that adds a power that’s simply not transferrable. It doesn’t matter if their successors are better, worse or different than the founder… they’re not the founder. In Tim’s case, he’s also has different skills than Steve did. He’s not a genius level product manager, he has other skills. That leads to unfair comparisons. It also DRASTICALLY overlooks the fact that Steve didn’t invent, design and code everything. He hired great people, led them, demanded the best from them and had the power (both by being founder and by being CEO) to say “No, Not good enough.” And sometimes, he was wrong. We forget that, now. lkalliance Which all brings us back to the subject of this article. I don’t have any disagreement with anything you just posted, at all. But it’s not the “simple narrative.” It’s fair, but it’s more complicated than ascribing all wonderful and megaprofitable things at Apple (iPod, iPhone, iPad, Mac sorta) to Steve Jobs and Apple under Tim Cook having no such big hits. That simple, easily digestible narrative is easily fed with heightened expectations. And what’s fun is that this narrative can lead to different (again, simple) storylines depending on where you want to go with it: One (upbeat) has Steve Jobs as the forefather, Tim Cook as the unproven farmhand that has to live up (unfairly) to his mighty ancestor, an impossible task! The end begs to be that our hero (Cook) does in fact “win” by showing you can achieve in a different (kinder, gentler?) way than his predecessor. Another (downbeat) has Steve Jobs as the hero, who put together a company that never lost its core values even as it rose from scrappy garage beginnings into a mighty and benevolent titan. Then Tim Cook is the villain, who takes all this goodness and goes astray, who loses sight of what made Apple special, and loses everything. The longer, more complex truth, as you’ve laid it out (the truth is always longer and more complex than it is in the movies, which in turn is longer and more complex than it is in the trailer) is less easily prone to easy labels and clear villains and heroes. Such is the way of life, no? rick gregory “But it’s not the “simple narrative.” “ Too bad. Life’s not simple. I don’t care about (and don’t respect) people who reduce reality to clickbait headlines and posts. Those people aren’t worth the time it takes to read their drivel. The entire point of Jim’s post is that some things are clearly reasonable, some are clearly UNreasonable. Yes, there’s a grey area, but that does not excuse nor empower the whiny, unreasonable and almost always less sophisticated and less informed people who expect Apple to always be perfect and to deliver radical breakthroughs every year. satcomer I can’t Wait for an updated nMac Pro TB 3 Update along with Mac book Pro TB3 update. Sometimes I think apple is waiting for Intel to include USB 3.1 on the chip before Apple releases this Macs updates! Steven Fisher The place this bugs me the most is software. Apple discontinues Thing X.0. Look, here comes Simpler 1.0. It doesn’t contain my favourite feature! Oh, won’t someone think of the children? Keep using Thing X.0. Make what you want known. Check again in Simple 1.1, 2.0, 2.1, etc. Yeah, it sucks, but it’s not like Apple killed your dog. Cranky Observer If you’re referring to Aperture and the unbelievably clunky combination of Photo and iCloud, well, I have to seriously question whether there is a single person in that product line or senior management who has a non-technical family member with a DSLR or other non-iPhone photography device. But we’re not allowed to say that… Kathleeneford Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj302d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj302d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash302ShopWorkGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj302d:….,….. Steven Fisher You’re allowed to say whatever you want. Nobody’s there to stop you from looking like an ass except yourself. 🙂 Plug camera or card in. Import. Delete. Done. lkalliance In a broad perspective, I think this is a reasonable post. The personal computer industry and the smartphone industry seem very mature. I don’t rely on computing horsepower for my job (I rely on a computer, but not a lot of horsepower), so take it with a grain of salt, but I think that at this point I’m not ill-served by any mainstream make of computer out there, or any mainstream make of smartphone. I feel like the pluses and minuses are on the margins. There are those that would say that that’s a poor perspective, that we HAVE to harp on the bleeding edge and whether Apple is there or not. I don’t agree. I was recently looking for a new laptop for my daughter, and though I realize (how could I not, reading tech blogs?) that none of the Apple computer lines has had a major refresh in some time, I found myself looking at the current Macbook Air and the non-Retina Macbook Pro (from 2012!!) and feeling very confident her needs were more than fulfilled. I don’t need a revolution every couple of years. It’s nice when it happens, that some big paradigm-shifting product comes out. The Mac, or the iPhone (btw I don’t consider the iPad paradigm-shifting. I consider it a big iPod Touch or a big iPhone…and I think that’s awesome!). It’s exciting. But in between, for a decade or so, it’s nice to see it iterated, steadily, into a mature product that does as much as these products do. I’m pretty well invested in the Apple ecosystem now, and that does make me a little unsettled, that I feel that I’m incentivized by something other than the quality of an individual piece of the puzzle. If I thought that, say, a Samsung Galaxy S7 were the better phone, I do have all the other Apple products that incentivize me to use an iPhone instead. It feels like I’ve given up a little bit of product freedom there. But, thankfully, Apple’s record of making products I enjoy with no or little reservation is very strong. So, so far, I haven’t felt ill-served. All that being said, I consider two negatives with Apple as it currently is: (1) The recent state of affairs with its software’s reliability. I’m happy with a slow incremental increase in its capabilities, but I don’t want to pay for that with unreliability in the stuff that already works. I’ve had enough problems with various iCloud services, which problems I didn’t have before iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan, to feel concern. (2) It rubs me the wrong way any time Apple says something is revolutionary. That feels like pure marketing. We’ll know revolutionary when we see it, and the tech press will be ready to label something revolutionary when it sees it. It sounds like marketing. It sounds uncomfortably like lying. Or at least overpromising. I cringe a little inside whenever they say that. Khashayar Sahebkar My (un)reasonable expectation from Apple is to either not do something, or do it perfectly and with minimum flaws! I don’t care about the hardware. It’s good. But the software is a mess and just keeps getting worse! Apple changed Music app exactly a year ago and then introduced a completely new app this year. It is not like Apple at all! I heard Tim Cook say the products that were released in the Steve Jobs era were good because they spent a lot of time on them. So what? Do they make things in a week now? Has that changed at all? If they worked really long on iOS 9 Music, then why did it need change? Take Siri. They introduced it in 2011 for iPhone. Ther were rumours of a Mac version. 5 years later it arrives on Mac, with no particular advantage compared to the 2011 version! It doesn’t have the newly introduced Siri app integration (which is exactly something shouldn’t have been done because it’s far far from perfect with only 6 types of commands?!?!) TWF Just stop. Saying Siri is the same as it was in 2011 betrays your ignorance. Khashayar Sahebkar Siri on Mac is pretty much like 2011 Siri. Maybe just showing game results and searching in finder. That’s it! TWF Again, you’re just being stupid. Stop. Shawn King There’s no need for name calling or insults. Stick to the discussion and leave the personal attacks out of it. Thank you. mdelvecchio stupid is as stupid does. claiming Siri is no better than in 2011 is idiotic. there’s no other word for it. you have trolls on your site. lkalliance To a certain extent I understand the vitriol, though I don’t approve of it and hope I’m not doing it myself on a level I’m not aware of. This column wasn’t about Apple, it was about us, the consumers and tech enthusiasts. Depending on your emotional tendencies, that can feel like an attack, and I very much understand lashing back. Shawn King Moot point. You’ve been asked on several occasions to stop the personal attacks and insults. mdelvecchio you’ve never asked me anything, and I think you’re confusing me with the person you were replying to. saying something is idiotic is not the same as saying someone is an idiot. your board tho. if you let random trolls dig in and chase off your regulars, that’s your audience you’re losing. since Jim no longer has Yep/Nope controlled leaks, the main thing left for your audience are these comments. mdelvecchio hyperbolic nonsense. troll bait. rick gregory “But the software is a mess and just keeps getting worse! Apple changed Music app exactly a year ago and then introduced a completely new app this year. It is not like Apple at all!” So if something doesn’t work the first time they shouldn’t fix it? They should always be perfect all of the time? What color is the sky in your world? Khashayar Sahebkar I don’t know if you’ve tried iOS 10 beta and the new music app. If not then you’ll see in a week or two. It’s not at all fixed! If I choose to repeat songs, I can’t change the order in Up Next. Up-Next history is gone. Now playing in iPad is just wrong. It fills half the screen, and disables interactions with the other half. Also it looks like a slide over app, which makes me want to slide it right to close it, but I should slide down. Moving the knob to fast forward a song, no longer gets accurate by sliding down/up. The only feature added is Lyrics which always requires internet even for downloaded songs. They could have easily added Smart Playlists creation. They already work, so why not create them on iOS too? And the funny thing is they’ve had the perfect design for music app for at least 3 years. The Remote app. Everything in that app is right and implemented perfectly. Try it! Library, Up-Next, Search, Now Playing, Playlists, … I’m not saying it should be perfect, I’m saying it shouldn’t get worse! Have you seen the new control center? How many places do we need to see the AirPlay icon? Just because the next iPhone is going to use Bluetooth headsets, all other devices shouldn’t suffer! mdelvecchio in other words, Malt Wossberg is an idiot. ThinkActive Well said. High expectations are good for Apple, they want to exceed them, and most often do. And let’s remember too that the disappointments are outnumbered by the delights 50 to 1. That’s my ratio, choose yours… The Cappy On the other hand, the MBP is more than just a bit behind. More than a year ago, it had a minor refresh but kept the old processor (Haswell). There have been 2 architectures since then, none of which made it into the MBP. And now there’s this third, and you’re telling us that we’re unreasonable if we don’t sit quietly and accept the wait. There wasn’t anything preventing Apple from innovating on the design front. They just had more important things to do. And that’s their choice. But… for some of us, the most important thing was the MBP. And I honestly don’t think people are being unreasonable complaining about this delay. The MBP has been in near stasis for a very long time. And now… yeah… another wait. As I say, there’s nothing that prevents Apple from innovating just because they can’t incorporate new CPUs. AAPL.To.Break.$95.Soon.>:-) I don’t think it’s necessarily the average consumer who has high expectations of Apple. It’s mainly those crazy tech-head critics and Wall Street. I’m sure Apple products meet or exceed the expectations of the average consumer. Most of my Apple products over the years have exceeded my expectations in function and longevity. It’s just damn ridiculous to expect any company to come out with some ground-breaking new product every few years. If Apple has to do it then every company should be expected to do it if they’re all investing lots of money in R&D. I hate listening to some of these analysts talking about how Apple has lost its touch based on not coming out with some miraculous new product which everyone must have. Seriously, the odds of that happening are astronomical. What company in history has done that feat every few years? Maybe Thomas A. Edison’s laboratory. I’m not expecting magical or miraculous products from Apple or any other consumer-tech company. I simply want decent, high-quality products I can enjoy using over an extended period of time. I honestly don’t see how a company can be valued based on putting out ground-breaking new products every few years. What’s the precedence for that especially after Steve Jobs death? I swear, Apple shareholders have the worst sort of luck. I can’t even imagine what the next ground-breaking product would be. It seems like every hardware platform has already been covered. mdelvecchio sanity. thank you. Mo I don’t need to see revolutionary products on a regular schedule. I just want good iteration on existing ones. And a firm hand on the slippage in existing software that accretes too much functionality to remain Apple-like. Cranky Observer IBM rode its perfected supply chain and best-in-the-known-universe R&D lab right down to oblivion. fastasleep “I don’t see using Intel’s Skylake as an alternative for Apple. There were shortages in the chips, which would have made for MacBook Pro shortages. Worse still, the Skylake chips had a major flaw that affected processing. It would have been a disaster for Apple to release a MacBook Pro based on those chips, but people still kicked up a fuss. That’s not reasonable.” But… I think the common expectation is that the new 15″ MacBook Pros are waiting for the Skylake i7 6770/6870/6970HQ’s with Iris Pro 580. That’s what all the articles said in January when they were announced. So far, the only product shipping with those chips is Intel’s own Skull Canyon NUC which just came out this past month — no other laptops have them yet. Whether they’re significantly delayed from when they were “supposed” to come out is probably something only known internally for sure at Intel and Apple. This is completely lost on all the threads full of whiners complaining that Skylake is a year old or whatever now, and the low power Kaby Lake chips are going to begin to ship. Intel’s chip families release in several iterations over a long period of time (for example, Xeons for the Mac Pro usually come out the following year when the next gen family has begun delivering mobile/desktop chips). Likewise, Kaby Lake chips for the MBP won’t be seen until sometime next year. That, and the newly released AMD Polaris GPUs are two solid reasons to bet on as to why MBPs are not out yet. There’s a definite lack of followup from the usual Mac blogs who reported back in January when Intel announced them, that these were likely the chips destined for the MBP, and a LOT of misinformation out there amongst the complainers. Steven Fisher Most Mac blogs are meant to be read for entertainment only, and possibly wondering exactly where they got the really good drugs from. Ben Cortens Despite your protestations to the contrary it is not unreasonable to expect a company that can post $10 billion in profit consistently to at least update their products on a yearly basis. It is not unreasonable to expect a company with 30% or greater margins to choose the best of what is available. There hasn’t been a Macbook Pro update yet this year, thats fine, Skylake isn’t ready, neither are the Polaris mobile parts, nor are NVIDIAs mobile parts shipping in quantity. But last years Macbook Pro update to the 15″ was lacking, featuring a 1 year old CPU and a 2 year old GPU architecture (the m370x is GCN 1.0). I know AMD had nothing else to offer since they are so behind in so many areas but last year Apple could have shipped a NVIDIA 950m at the same power consumption as the 750m with almost twice the performance and (most importantly) a modern architecture (even if Apple refuses to update their OpenGL implementation or bring Metal up to the feature levels required to use the new GPU architectures). They could also have waited till August last year and released the 15″ MBP with a Broadwell CPU (instead of simply reusing Haswell) Or they could have done two 15″ updates last year, one early with Haswell, one late with Broadwell (though to my mind a single broadwell update would have been best). The problem with the decisions Apple makes is that when they choose old, outdated, parts it strands their products (even if updated a little over a year ago) with hardware that is much older than that. Apple is criticized, rightly, because the Mac line is not maintained, and it looks bad for a company that sells a premium product that they cannot maintain a their very small Mac product line. Consider also the Mac Mini, it used to be available with discrete GPUs (even if mobile) and quad core CPUs, these are missing now from the lineup. These products are obviously still quite desirable considering how quickly they disappear from the online store when refurbished models become available. It gets worse though, Apple didn’t just neglect the Mac Mini they actively made it worse. I don’t believe that apple, with its legendary supply chain, cannot support the option of a quad core. Consider Gigabyte, they make dozens of motherboards and are a small fraction the size of Apple. The common excuse on Apple blogs these days is that the CPUs or GPUs aren’t ready, but when products start to age beyond a year that excuse doesn’t hold up to scrutiny. Apple doesn’t need a press conference for every product update, every update doesn’t need to be earth shattering, silent small updates that just make sure their products are not years behind would be fine, and would let those of us who use our Macs for work actually trust that the Mac line was being cared for and not neglected. I love my Mac, and I hate the very thought of building a Hackintosh or switching to Windows but that doesn’t mean I have to accept that they don’t have a problem in Mac hardware and your defence of the Mac line, looks bad when it is so obviously out of date. Computers take time to get ready but they should have contingency plans so that they can update the lines at least once a year even if one supplier falls behind. Remember the first G4s shipped with PCI graphics cards because the AGP ones weren’t ready in time. It isn’t enough for them to release great things this fall because trust has been lost. How am I to know that it won’t be 2+ years between hardware updates again? I won’t even get into the issues I have with the Mac Pro or iMac, those would take too long. TWF The Broadwell chips for the 15″ MBP were a paper launch only, they didn’t actually ship. Apple didn’t have a choice but to reuse Haswell. And they stick with AMD because of OpenCL, which Nvidia cards suck at. Ben Cortens Hmm, there were at least these: https://www.scan.co.uk/products/156-msi-pe60-2qe-laptop-intel-core-i7-5700hq-27ghz-8gb-ram-1tb-hdd-2gb-nvidia-geforce-gtx-960m and http://www.newegg.ca/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16834233094 I will admit they didn’t launch in quantity, and I suppose the MacBook Pro probably has only a few possible updates. OpenCL is a good reason to stick with AMD, though I’ve always gotten good performance out of my GeForce cards in the Adobe suite though aftermarket support for CUDA. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Thanks to Depth Effects, which lets everyone to get beautiful Portrait Mode photos with their iPhone, for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2017 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Top official at Brexit ministry opposed Tim Barrow as EU ambassador US intelligence chiefs reject Trump doubts on Russian hacking Mexico tries to cut a deal with Trump Cameron’s failure looms over May’s Brexit task Anatomy of a Brexit transition deal: the issue that haunted Rogers US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US intelligence chiefs reject Trump doubts on Russian hacking US wages grow at fastest rate since financial crisis Trump turns his ire on Toyota’s Mexico car plant plans China warns US of retaliation if Trump imposes tariffs Donald Trump unleashes business’s animal spirits Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Japan rallies to defend Toyota after Trump warning McDonald’s fast-food king battles to retain supremacy Consumer Electronics Show 2017 — the hits and misses Jamie Oliver to close 6 restaurants after costs rise Carlos Ghosn asks Trump to clarify rules of the road for carmakers Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Lithium: the next speculative bubble? PBoC raises renminbi’s daily fix by most since 2005 Beijing signals end of China-UK ‘golden age’ The big rotation trades in 2017 ‘Anti-GAAP’ reporting proves a growing menace Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Martin Wolf: The long and painful journey to world disorder The UK mindset that heralds a disorderly Brexit At last, liberals are waking from a long dream The ‘final nail in the coffin’ for Aids? Donald Trump unleashes business’s animal spirits Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Students and alumni remain divided over Cornell merger Consumer Electronics Show 2017 — the hits and misses How to have a productive new year Xiaomi Mi Note: Apple lookalike with inspired innovations Millennials start the year with paper diaries and notebooks Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How to be a true citizen of nowhere Gene genius Siddhartha Mukherjee on why ‘doctors shouldn’t be gods’ St James’s, London: thaw in rules leads to flurry of new homes Film review: Zero Days — ‘Brilliant’ Books to look out for in 2017 Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Split emerges in Irish cabinet over response to Apple tax ruling Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital $ 6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 7 Rumor: New Apple Smartphone May Include More Powerful, Longer-Lasting Batteries By Susmita Baral @sushbaral On 08/31/16 AT 1:16 PM Close Ask an iPhone user their biggest gripe about the Apple device and the overwhelming answer will be battery life—the amount of time the device runs before it needs to be recharged. The gadget’s notorious battery will reportedly be getting an upgrade in the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which will be presented at a special event taking place on Sept. 7 at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, Calif. Steve Hemmerstoffer (known on Twitter as @OnLeaks) took to the microblogging platform last month to reveal the higher battery capacity in new devices, citing an Apple source. According to The Telegraph, the iPhone 7 will feature a 1,960 mAh battery instead of the 1,715 mAh one available on the iPhone 6. The iPhone 7, on the other hand, will have a 2,910 mAh battery instead of the 2,750 mAh one on the iPhone 6 Plus.   Related Stories Is Apple Releasing A Glossy Black iPhone 7? iPhone 7 Could Get Improved Battery, Minus Headphone Jack   Forbes reports that an increase in battery capacity is not trademark with each new generation of the device, as the iPhone 6S had 1715 mAh while the previous model, the iPhone 6, had 1810 mAH. However, it should be noted the decrease in capacity did not directly impact how long the device lasted since more efficient chipsets and operating systems compensated for the drop. For the time being, users waiting for Apple’s official announcement on the next generation can preserve their battery life using Apple’s tips. The company recommends users update to the latest software, avoid extreme ambient temperatures and power down the device when not using the phone for long periods of time. Other rumors surrounding the iPhone 7/7S launch is that the devices may be getting a dual-lens camera with the capacity to take SLR-quality photos and 3D images, the Home button and headphone jack may be gone, and Apple might finally be catching up to rival Samsung by making the gadget waterproof. Alleged leaks suggest the new device, which will reportedly be available in a blue color, will come with an entry level storage capacity of 32BG and will come with a 256GB option. Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States

HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY JANUARY 6 Carmakers Hitch Ride with Tech on Futuristic Road Silicon Valley and the auto industry are pushing to plug more technology into cars, from entertainment and information systems to the processing power and connectivity for self-driving. CES 2017: Wireless Charging May Be About To Become a Reality Wires are being cut for everything from internet connections to earphones -- but still, almost every device needs to be plugged in at least once a day to charge. That may be about to change. AMD Unveils Its Vega GPU Architecture for 'Exabyte-Scale' Computing IBM Predicts 5 Life-Changing Innovations for the Next 5 Years Amazon Plans To Sell Its Own Line of Workout Clothes T-Mobile Says Unlimited Plans Will Be Only Option CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware TOP OF THE NEWS   JANUARY 6, 2017 TECH TRENDS Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech CES looks like international auto show. RIGHT NOW CES 2017: Wireless Charging Ahead AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture IBM: 5 Tech Advances for Next 5 Years Amazon Readies Workout Clothing MORE NEWS T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Here Come Smart Stores With Robots Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Google May Lost Federal Contracts New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts Intel's New Chips May Appeal to Biz Intel, Dell Show Off New Products NEWS BY TOPIC Tech Trends Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech CES 2017: Wireless Charging Ahead Network Security Norton Unveils Secure Wi-Fi Router Leery States Examine Cybersecurity Cloud Computing What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? IBM Intros Serverless Cloud Features Hardware Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts Applications AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture What You Can Expect at CES 2017 Microsoft/Windows How Microsoft Embraced the Cloud Skype To Translate Calls in Real Time Communications State Wants Broadband Cash in Pa. Cell Service May Come to Mt. Rainier Contributed Content Kensington Ups Device, Data Security Kensington's ErgoSoft Wrist Rests Apple/Mac Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit Mobile Tech Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option World Wide Web Amazon Readies Workout Clothing Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Big Data AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture IBM: 5 Tech Advances for Next 5 Years Chips & Processors An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts Government Government Test Hacked into Drones Trump Challenges Intel Agencies CRM Systems Oracle Exec Quits in Trump Protest Better CRM Tech Helps Biz Up Sales Personal Tech The Big Thing in TV Sets is Big TVs Samsung Focuses on IoT, Gaming TOP TECH NEWS RECOMMENDS Samsung Debuts Chromebooks at CES, Competitors to iPad, Surface Pro Each machine comes with built-in stylus. Lenovo Updates Enterprise Lineup of Ultraportable Laptops ThinkPad X1 series for work on the go. How Will Big Data Evolve in the Year Ahead? Machine learning to be main disruptor. POPULAR 01 Network Security 2016 Cybercrime and Worst Hacks 02 Big Data How Will Big Data Evolve in 2017? 03 Applications Top 10 Predictions for Biz Robotics 04 Applications Enterprise Networking Trends for 2017 05 Cloud Computing What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? 06 Applications What You Can Expect at CES 2017 07 Chips & Processors New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts 08 Mobile Tech Lenovo Updates Enterprise Laptops 09 Hardware Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES 10 Chips & Processors Intel's New Chips May Appeal to Biz YOU SAID IT I totally agree. I put them on and forget I have them on until... Someone looks at me and starts laughing at how ridiculous they are. I suspect that'll... Continue Reading become less common as they become more common. Also, I really have no shame and I'm not self-conscious so I really don't care, but it is what reminds me I have them on. Otherwise they're almost perfect. By Todd, commenting on: Apple's AirPods: So Easy To Wear You'll Forget They're On Don't really care about the brand. Just care about their patents. They're in a league of their own when it comes to performing a phone's primary functions. Calling, emailing, messaging,... Continue Reading shortcuts, checking and responding to notifications. License their patents to another brand, get the basics right and I'll happily give up my BlackBerry. Until then, I'm eagerly awaiting the Mercury's release. By Mike, commenting on: BlackBerry: How To Revive a Dying Brand Could Elon Musk become a modern Cosimo de' Medici, the 15th Century Banker to the Pope? POSSIBLE IMPACTS of his Internet satellite network ambitions: * Democratization of Education to emerging nations through... Continue Reading distance learning * Improved global health & wellness through telehealth, leading to dramatic increases in average lifespan, as well as over-population issues that might encourage some sort of genocide * Lower wages in developed countries as work is outsourced to populations with the cheapest workers, or automated by technology * Control of public opinion and "fake news" through deep packet inspection and filtering * Manipulation & control of world financial systems as they move online with systems like BitCoin * Control of global politics, favoring friendly politicians and nations * Spark a world war if China, Russia or others view this as a threat and begin destroying each new satellite as they go online It's one thing for such power to be in the hands of a government that is supposed to serve public interests but still might be manipulated by politicians and special interests. It's quite another for such power to be in the hands of a single individual, or a corporation that is legally bound to serve shareholder investment interests rather than public interests. Even as a retired IBM technologist and futurist with a historically optimistic view of the future, I worry about the potential negatives of the widening wealth gap and concentration of power as the pace of tech innovation accelerates exponentially and continually, and as capital adds more value than labor. By Wayne Caswell, commenting on: Elon Musk Wants To Cover the World with Internet from Space INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Homeland Security News Wire Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water EncryptionFBI director calls for “adult conversation” on encryption – and the privacy-security balance Published 31 August 2016 Share | James Comey, the FBI director, has again said that end-to-end encryption on digital devices makes it impossible for his agency to investigate crimes and acts of terrorism— and called for an “adult conversation” with the manufacturers of these devices. Widespread encryption built into smartphones was “making more and more of the room that we are charged to investigate dark,” Comey said at a cybersecurity symposium. FBI Director James Comey raises alarm of unbreakable encryption // Source: theconversation.com James Comey, the FBI director, has again said that end-to-end encryption on digital devices makes it impossible for his agency to investigate crimes and acts of terrorism— and called for an “adult conversation” with the manufacturers of these devices. Widespread encryption built into smartphones was “making more and more of the room that we are charged to investigate dark,” Comey said at a cybersecurity symposium. The Hill notes that the FBI sought a court order to force Apple to help it hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California shooters. Apple rejected the FBI’s request, arguing that accepting it would weaken security of company’s products. The FBI withdrew its court filing against Apple after an Israeli tech company shared with the FBI a method developed by the company to circumvent Apple’s 10-attempt limit on password breaking —  but the withdrawal of the case left the underpinning legal questions unresolved. Comey said on Tuesday that he expected dialogue to continue. “The conversation we’ve been trying to have about this has dipped below public consciousness now, and that’s fine,” Comey said at a symposium organized by Symantec. “Because what we want to do is collect information this year so that next year we can have an adult conversation in this country.” Comey said that the American people had a reasonable expectation of privacy in private spaces — including houses, cars, and electronic devices. That right, however, was not absolute when law enforcement had probable cause to believe a device such as a laptop or smartphone contained evidence of a crime. “With good reason, the people of the United States — through judges and law enforcement — can invade our private spaces,” Comey said, arguing this “bargain” had been at the center of the country since its inception. He stressed that it was not the role of the FBI or tech companies to tell the American people how to live and govern themselves. “We need to understand in the FBI, how is this exactly affecting our work, and then share that with folks,” Comey said, admitting that the American people might ultimately decide that privacy was more important than “that portion of the room being dark” to the FBI. The Hill notes that remarks echo arguments Comey has made in the last two years, before Congress and in other settings, about the growing collision between electronic privacy and national security. Experts note that the issue has subsided somewhat as federal authorities have found technical measures which allow them to access encrypted digital devices without the help of the maker, and after the White House decided last year not to seek a legislative resolution to the encryption issue. Share | More Stories: Encryption Privacy Recent stories FBI yet to ask for access to DNC servers Lawmakers want to know more about Ricin mix-up Anti-surveillance clothing blocks security cameras’ facial-recognition software U.K. to develop laser directed energy weapons Attackers can make it impossible to dial 911 Odds are against a large Zika outbreak in the U.S. $1.87 million for biothreat vaccine research Elbit Systems, NOA secure Uruguay municipalities More rainfall in a warmer world will likely intensify typhoons in the western Pacific Airports post REAL ID deadline warning signs Nearly 500,000 immigrants deported from U.S. in 2016 Trump’s immigration policies will pick up where Obama’s left off Israel’s coming chemical weapons crisis Hack-proofing RFID-equipped persona devices Legacy travel booking systems do not protect travelers’ private information Estimating frequency of volcanic eruptions Flood risks changing across U.S. Hamas terrorist gives Israel intel on tunnels, use of Gaza hospitals as military bases U.S. imposes sanctions on Russia for interfering in 2016 U.S. election U.S. gov. agencies sued for slow response to Russian election hacking FOIA inquiries Algeria says 54,457 Algerians involved in terrorism since 1992 Nuclear expert: Newly revealed side deals let Iran violate nuke deal limits without penalty Free subscription - enter e-mail address BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed Homeland Security News Wire All Regional Africa Americas Asia / Pacific Europe Middle East Water Biometrics Access control E-documents Biometric databases Biometric technologies E-commerce Identity authentication Identity documents National IDs Borders/Immig Border crossings Deportation Border monitoring / protection E-Verify Border security technology Illegal immigration Fencing / barriers Immigration and business Smuggling and contraband U.S. legal employment status Travel documents US VISIT Ultralights, submersibles, tunnels Visa requirements Business Business Companies / JVs / Partnerships Contracts Investment trends M&A Market performance Distribution agreements Government contracts Private sector contracts Strategic partnerships System integrators Venture capital and private equity Cybersecurity Cloud computing Corporate IT security Cybercrime Encryption Firewalls Hackers Information warfare Network security Quantum encryption Social networks VPNs Detection Biological Radiological Chemical Detection - nuclear, biological, chemical Explosive Nuclear Radiological threats Scanning and screening Sensors and Sensor networks Disasters Backup / Storage systems Business continuity Communication interoperability Compliance Corporate security Crisis management Data recovery and management Emergency management systems Emergency Preparedness Natural disasters Risk analysis Resilience / Recovery Terror / Disaster insurance Government Africa code Budget Congress Espionage Government - federal, state, local Information sharing Intelligence International cooperation Laws and regulations Nuclear weapons proliferation Privacy State / Local Terrorism and counterterrorism Infrastructure Alternative energy Bridges, roads, tunnels, canals Chemical plants Construction Dams / Reservoirs Energy Energy policy Energy resources Infrastructure protection Nuclear power Perimeter defense and fencing Power grid and stations Smart grid Water facilities Water Technology / Treatment International African Security Conflict Culture / Religion Failed states Population / Migration Treaties Public health Agroterrorism BioLabs Bioterrorism Epidemics and pandemics Food import controls Food supply chain safety Health standards Infectious disease Viruses and pathogens Public health Vaccines and treatments Public Safety Communication interoperabillity Emergency services Emergency medical services Fire First response IEDs Law Enforcement Law Enforcement Technology Military technology Nonlethal weapons Nuclear weapons Personal protection equipment Police Notification /alert systems Situational awareness Weapons systems Sci-Tech Biotechnology Certification and credentialing Degree programs Computers / software Credentialing Education / training Engineering Environment Materials Nanotechnology National labs Research and Development Robotics Social sciences Technological innovation Sector Reports Biometrics Border & Immigration Control Cybersecurity Detection Emergency Management Infrastructure Protection Law Enforcement World Report Surveillance Asset tracking Eavesdropping FISA Intelligence gathering / analysis Open-source searches RFID technology Search engines Sensors and sensor networks Thermal imaging UAVs / Satellites / Blimps Video analytics Transportation Air cargo / baggage Aviation and Airport Baggage screening Cargo and Containers Ground / Mass transportation HAZMAT transportation Maritime and Ports Transportation Security   Advertising & Marketing: advertise@newswirepubs.com, 516.414.1114 Editorial: editor@newswirepubs.com, 516.741.2555 General: info@newswirepubs.com 2010-2011 © News Wire Publications, LLC News Wire Publications, LLC 220 Old Country Road | Suite 200 | Mineola | New York | 11501 Permissions and Policies
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to install a glowing Apple logo on iPhone 6s By Jim Gresham, Aug 31, 2016 Tweet 26 Comments An iconic image, the glowing Apple logo adorns store locations and flagship MacBook devices. It is the quickest way to spot an Apple device in the wild. However, Apple refuses to provide the same iconic design on iPhones and iPads. To resolve this conundrum, that meant taking matters into my own hands. For years, I wanted an iPhone with a glowing logo. All the way back to iPhone 4, it has been possible to mod your device with a small LED. However, with iPhone 6, @theunlockr is offering a simple all-in-one DIY kit, helping transform your device in about 30-60 minutes. Take a step inside to see my personal handy work and a great tutorial video to ease your nerves. The not-so-fine print While the end result is fantastic and receives lots of compliments on my iPhone’s glowing logo, this will absolutely void your warranty and Apple Care plan. Perhaps you are upgrading to the iPhone 7 in a few weeks and you don’t mind blowing off your warranty or you have an older iPhone 6, which is already out of warranty–go for it! iDownloadBlog is not responsible for your actions, should you choose to order the mod kit and replace the logo on your personal device. Moreover, taking your device into an Apple location is also no longer an option, even if you are out of warranty. I do not anticipate Apple assisting you with this device any longer, even for software related issues. But, we are all jailbreakers here, right? We are modders at heart. And, who doesn’t want a sweet glowing Apple logo on their iPhone? This mod kit even changes brightness based on the screen brightness, which works in harmony with the ambient light sensor. It slowly lights up and dimly turns off! If you have been waiting to change your logo, this is the kit I recommend. The mod kit A completely self contained kit can be ordered from TheUnlockr website for iPhone 6(s) $29.99 or iPhone 6(s) Plus $32.99. It is important to order the one that corresponds to your exact device. I did receive the kit at no charge for this article, but I am very shocked at the low cost, given the final product and complete toolset. In the kit you will receive all necessary tools to complete the job, including: custom cut Apple logo; tweezers; two spudgers; several screw drivers; two pry tools; a suction cup; and tape with foam bumpers. How to replace your iPhone Apple logo For the written how-to section, I will gloss over some steps and leave the details to @theunlockr’s YouTube video. I watched the video twice all the way through before starting my mod. You will also want the video on hand while completing the process. Watch the segment, pause, complete the task, and move step by step. This is not a process you want to hastily complete. Having finished the mod myself, it took me about one hour. I am quite untrained on mobile devices, but do know my way around a CPU tower, thanks to dear ol’ dad. The two skills are somewhat compatible, but once my iPhone was open on the operation table, you would have thought I was defusing a bomb. There was quite a lot of nervous tension. Keep a sweat rag nearby, or wear a headband. This is serious business. As @theunlockr says, “it is not for the faint of heart.” Agreed. The step by step instructions below, and my tips in between, are not a substitute for the instructional video, found at the article bottom. Go through the written steps and video carefully before trying this at home. Step 1: After you watch the video a couple of times, clear off a table top or desk. Give yourself a good amount of room and ensure the surface is clean of debris and dust. You don’t want to trap any extra crud in your device. Set out your kit and device on a microfibre cloth to prevent scratching your screen. Turn off the iPhone. Pro tip: Grab a blank sheet of paper and some double sided tape. Place the tape on your paper and place the small screws on the tape, as you take them off your iPhone. To be extra careful, draw a circle around each screw with a fat marker, to make sure you keep inventory and do not accidentally bump these screws off your working surface. There are no extra screws in the kit. Pay close attention. Better yet, place the screws in one of the little baggies from the kit. Whatever you do, don’t lose the screws! Step 2: Void your warranty. I cannot over emphasize: this process will void your warranty. Open up the case housing, using the pentalobe screw driver and carefully separate the screen from the bottom/back housing with a pry tool and suction cup. Set the screws aside on your paper worksheet, dropping them on the tape, so they don’t run away. Pro tip: You will really need to wedge the pry tool between the top and bottom seal. There is a sealed, water tight gasket (remember those iPhone 6s waterproof videos?) just between the two layers. It can be difficult to pry apart, but be slow and patient. Finally, do not fully open the case if you can prevent it. As you see in the image above, there is a ribbon cable connected to the screen that could break if you fold the screen half flat onto the table. Step 3: Remove the battery ribbon housing (circled above), place the screws on your worksheet, and pop off the cable. The cable connection is fairly sturdy, but still be gentle. Step 4: Remove the small taped edges (arrows above) on the battery using the plastic tweezers. Then, slowly pull the tape tabs. The process is very much like removing a 3M strip. Pro tip: Do not use your own metal tweezers. The supplied plastic ones ensure you do not overly damage the tape ribbon, or the battery housing. I cannot overly stress, be careful pulling off the tape ribbon and pull in a straight, level (with the table surface) fashion. Make sure it does not get caught on the Taptic Engine housing. If you rip the tape, very carefully lift the battery and grab the remaining tape with your tweezers. The battery is slightly flexible, but try to bend it as little as possible. I ripped both of my strips, but carefully pulled them out from under the battery with the tweezers. If necessary, try using the blue spudger with the flat, hooked tip to pry up the battery and simultaneously grab the strip. Step 5: Pop the battery out of place. If you got all the tape, it should be very simple to pry out. Step 6: Take off the black electrical tape holding the Apple logo in place, then carefully pry out the stainless steel logo. Pro tip: I used the small flat head screw driver to pry out the logo, as shown in the video. Unless you want to keep the logo for later, you do not need to be particularly gentle with the metal. The logo is glued in place as well, so it will take some working. I really cannot see a way to preserve this piece, so just dive in. Importantly, don’t ruin the actual iPhone back plate. Step 7: Place the LED logo into the housing, leaving the thin protective coating on the logo in place, to prevent scratches. These pieces are precision cut. At first it might seem like it does not fit, but be gentle. Next, line up the LED connection ribbon “Part B” to the screen diode/conductor. Add the bumper pieces and tape everything down (circled above). I used all of the bumper pieces to make sure the connection was strong when the iPhone is closed. Pressure is holding it in place. Pro tip: Slide “Part A” on the LED ribbon cable into place first, if you are having trouble lining up the glowing logo into the recessed hole. Also, the glowing logo has a thin plastic film, mentioned above. Leave it in place until you close up the entire phone. During this step, do not place undue stress on the screen ribbon cable, as it is the only piece holding the screen to the iPhone base. Step 8: Replace the battery, reattach the battery cable, and screw the battery cable plate in place. To test the glowing logo, carefully place everything back together, lining up the top screen and iPhone bottom. It will click into place. Step 9: Test the glowing logo by powering on your iPhone. Step 10: Replace the pentalobe screws on either side of the Lightning port. Make your friends jealous. The video To ensure the steps are carefully completed, please reference TheUnlockr video before and during your process. Conclusion This mod is amazing and a big thanks to David for sending a unit my way for testing. I was very hesitant to make the modification on my own, but with the instructional video and a fully featured kit, the process was as easy as can be expected. I have been using the mod kit for about three months and have seen no adverse effects on my device or battery life. I have, however, been getting a lot of compliments on my fashionable device! Of course, this has ruined my ability to get the device serviced by an Apple technician, but with an iPhone 7 looming, I figured it was now or never. Make sure to order your kit below: iPhone 6s Plus $32.99 iPhone 6s $29.99 iPhone 6 Plus $32.99 iPhone 6 $29.99 Have any of you tried a similar modification? Let us know in the comments below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Tip: name your Touch ID fingerprints Video: all iPhone sapphire lenses scratch tested Rumor: iPhone 7 packs in a notably stronger battery than iPhone 6/6s Beijing court orders iPhone 6 sales ban over patent infringement, Apple to appeal ruling Related Topics How to, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, Mod, Tutorial Waldemar Sinicki Stupid idea ! pnh Any other things on the list that we can add to make the battery life even worse? ConduciveMammal It’s powered by an LED, these light types use a ridiculously small amount of power. Jerry thank you, answer to @disqus_x3XI71nj56:disqus Ds Seen these around for a long time.. since like the 4S. Never thought about getting one. Still probably won’t unless someone can make an app or a tweak that allows it to light up for notifications. instead of having the camera flash or the screen come on. Matt McD Seeing as how it hooks into the connection for the backlight on the screen, it’s not possible to light it up without the screen being lit. (Source: 4 years as a cell phone tech) Jamessmooth Very cool. Nice article Jim! Brandon Valley Very cool Lee Nice but I’m not really wanting a beacon on my iPhone to advertise to potential muggers what I have on my person. Chindavon Would look great hidden underneath my case. Tony It’s pretty cool, would do that with my device but I’m worried about a possible shorting connection between the screen, battery and logo.. just not a chance I’m willing to take. But still it looks great! Melma I wouldn’t mess with my iphone just to get a glowing apple logo,but it looks cool. thazsar Did this to my ip6S+ in Nov. 2015 after the phone came out. Just replaced the logo last week with a newer design (the one I used was made for the 6+, not the 6S+) and it only cost $9. Are you guys getting a cut from this cuz those prices are ridiculous!!! masih gwa Dear thazsar, Where did u buy it so cheap ? Jayy When/ if the day comes that I have to replace my iPhone 6s Plus battery I’ll do this cause hey why not I’d be opening the phone anyways might as well add a glowing Apple logo. Joaquim N. It’s really cool! I wish it was cheaper and I wish I was brave enough to do that by myself. Haha Fahad muhmmad Great idea but I’ll pass Mo I like the mod, i also get compliments on it as well, I’ve done it on my 6 Plus, also replaced the rear housing to a matte black to compliment it as well and make it more unique. :|Alain|: That looks amazing!! where did you get the rear casing? Mo I got it off of AliExpress, just type in iPhone 6 Plus rear housing or what ever you may be looking for. They come in multiple colors. They also have listings in which they will print the IMEI on the back for you so it matches. That’s what I ended up doing so it seemed like it was from the factory Jayy My only fear with getting a housing is that it might bend. Cause I remember the whole bendgate thing that happened when the 6/6 plus released. Where Apple made the metal stonger with the 6s/6s plus. I have a 6s plus, I’m afraid that I’ll end up with a weaker housing and my phone will bend. M_Hawke Something to annoy others around you. Looks cool, but it sure will be obnoxious, particularly in darkened areas with other people around. Anonymous I’ll be doing this ! Meatloafers looks like china toy dev Sar But creative Jared I had this on my 4S and it annihilated the battery life. There’s a reason Apple doesn’t implement this themselves.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s spun Turi into its machine learning division By Christian Zibreg, Aug 31, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment After acquiring machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) startup Turi for a reported $200 million, Apple is now ramping up hiring for its new machine learning division and has spun Turi into that unit, according to job posts first discovered by MacRumors. Apple’s new division should remain in Seattle, where Turi was originally based. Apple’s is seeking data scientists and advanced app developers with a minimum of 3 years experience with machine learning to help build proof-of-concept apps to help advance and improve multiple Apple products. The positions are based in Seattle and the job posts specifically state that Turi is now part of the new division. Turi is the new machine learning division at Apple. We build tools that enable teams across Apple to develop machine learning solutions to power amazingly intelligent user experiences. We are looking for new energetic members to join our ML Applications team to collaborate with product teams on a variety of proof-of-concept projects. Ideal candidates should have expertise in deep learning, natural language processing, image applications, recommenders, physical sensors and signal processing, indicating at some of the features Apple wants to advance with machine learning. Apple’s stealth work on artificial intelligence and machine learning came to light in a recent interview journalist Steven Levy conducted with Apple executives, which details how AI and ML techniques are being used to improve Siri intelligence and natural language processing, the Apple Pencil experience and iOS 10. Prior to the acquisition, Turi was building platforms to help develop intelligent applications using machine learning technology. Its products—including Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create and Turi Predictive Services—were used by a number of Fortune 500 companies for fraud detection, recommendation engines, lead scoring and other predictive capabilities. Source: Apple via MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple publishes its very first AI research paper Apple’s machine learning researchers are now free to publish their findings Apple buys machine learning startup Tuplejump Steven Levy confirms that some of the data in Apple iBrain can be restored to a new phone Related Topics Acquisitions, Apple, Artificial intelligence, Jobs, Machine learning, News, Turi   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 12 With Bug Fixes and Feature Tweaks Wednesday August 31, 2016 11:03 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released another update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 12 includes bug fixes and updates for JavaScript, Web APIs, Web Inspector, MathML, CSS, rendering, and accessibility. Several security fixes are also included. As of release 8, Safari Technology Preview has supported Apple Pay in the web browser, a feature set to launch as part of macOS Sierra. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Versions are available for developers running both macOS Sierra and OS X El Capitan. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple’s goal with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can be run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 11 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) CarlJ 18 weeks ago Any particular reasons? Reasons for running it? It has received more recent love and attention from the developers than the El Cap version. Reasons for preferring it? I had some, at some point, but sadly I've forgotten most of them. It feels a bit more stable. And its refusal to run plugins automatically means I don't need ClickToPlugin any more. [doublepost=1472674300][/doublepost] Anybody know how much the Technical preview is ahead of the Sierra version of Safari? What features are included in the Technical preview that didn't make it to Sierra. I expect their goal is to have them be the same, but the standalone Technology Preview can be a little more fleet-footed than the bundled version. I wish there was a detailed comparison change list between the two version (I'm one of those weirdos that likes release notes). Rating: 2 Votes CarlJ 18 weeks ago I've been using this on El Cap for quite some time as my primary browser. I like it more than the normal El Cap version of Safari. Rating: 2 Votes SandboxGeneral 18 weeks ago Does people use Safari Technology Preview with beta version of MacOS... Yes, I am using it on the PB of Sierra. Seems to run just fine as I've not had any issues to report yet. Rating: 2 Votes CarlJ 18 weeks ago For a quick overview see caniuse.com, here http://caniuse.com/#compare=safari+9.1,safari+10,safari+TP for a nice visual comparison, ... Ah, that's an excellent site, thank you. Rating: 1 Votes JoshDoug 18 weeks ago Anybody know how much the Technical preview is ahead of the Sierra version of Safari? What features are included in the Technical preview that didn't make it to Sierra. It doesn't appear to be as simple as that, although there's a lot of overlap currently. TP will most likely pick up any features the Sierra Version has and overtake it before too long, as Sierra Safari/Safari 10 might be in a feature freeze until Sierra is released. Most notably (according to caniuse atleast, I haven't checked this myself) is that Safari 10 has Shadow DOM but TP doesn't seem to.. For a quick overview see caniuse.com, here http://caniuse.com/#compare=safari+9.1,safari+10,safari+TP for a nice visual comparison, although this isn't necessarily extensive. For JS comparison load up kangax, at kangax.github.io and check out ECMAScript 6 compat tables (and 2016+ and next). Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 59 minutes ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 3 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 4 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 24 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 139 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 377 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple tax windfall could help ease Ireland's debts says S&P By Reuters Published: 13:02 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 13:02 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail By Abhinav Ramnarayan LONDON, Aug 31 (Reuters) - A European Commission ruling that Apple Inc should pay Ireland up to 13 billion euros of back-dated taxes could help the country cut its debt significantly but may undermine its government, Standard & Poor's told Reuters on Wednesday. The European Union's executive arm ordered Apple to pay the bill on Tuesday, ruling the iPhone maker had received illegal state aid. Although Apple and Dublin have said they will contest the decision, economists have nevertheless been trying to calculate the possible impact on Ireland's finances. "There are many uncertainties ahead but if we assume that the money will definitely come through, the sum of 13 billion euros is not insignificant for an economy the size of Ireland," Moritz Kraemer, the ratings agency's chief European sovereign rating officer, said. That figure constitutes more than 5 percent of Ireland's gross domestic product, and if paid would allow the country to bring its debt down to about the mid-80s percent of gross domestic product (GDP) if the government uses it for that purpose alone, he said. Ireland's debt-to-GDP ratio is around 94 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data. Apple and Dublin say the U.S. company's tax treatment was in line with Irish and European Union law and they will appeal the ruling, which is part of a drive against what the EU says are sweetheart tax deals usually used by smaller states in the bloc to lure multinational companies and their jobs and investment. Moody's struck a similar tone to S&P, saying it too would look at both a possible boost to Ireland's finances and the impact on its corporate tax regime, once the appeal was made and the picture was clearer. (Euro zone ratings factbox ) POLICY WARNING S&P's Kraemer warned that the ruling might destabilise Ireland's government and its ability to formulate and implement policy -- an important rating factor it looks at. "If the government chooses not to accept the 13 billion euros at a time when they have stated the money is not there for other spending needs, it could undermine them in the eyes of the public and weaken their position," he said. Kraemer added that it may be that the Irish business model is being put to the legal test. "It is clear that if (Finance Minister) Michael Noonan does not want to take the money, then it means he believes it undermines the success of Ireland's economy since the crisis. "So it might be that the Irish business model is being put to the legal test, and this may not be the end of it -- it may turn out to only be the first example of its nature." Ireland is rated A+ by S&P, with a stable outlook. Kraemer said that a 13 billion euro windfall on its own would probably not make the agency change the rating. S&P has upgraded Ireland three times since 2014 from an all-time low of BBB+ hit on the back of a banking crisis that saw Ireland take an international bailout to avoid bankruptcy. Ireland also has an investment grade rating with Moody's, Fitch and DBRS. DBRS is due to report on Ireland this Friday, while S&P is scheduled to review it in December. (Additional reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Catherine Evans and Alexander Smith) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in New York City Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartwatches Hands-On Samsung Gear S3 Outsexes Apple Watch, Rocks 4-Day Battery by Mark Spoonauer Aug 31, 2016, 9:00 AM No offense to Apple, but Samsung’s Gear S3 is the sexiest smartwatch yet. Samsung worked with a Swiss designer to create a device that looks less like a shrunken phone and more like an elegant timepiece I’d want to wear when I’m out and about. And thanks to a larger battery, you won’t have to recharge this puppy every night.The stainelss steel bezel on the Gear S3 is rugged chic. Credit: Sam Rutherford/Tom's GuideI got a chance to play around with the the Gear S3, which will be available in the fourth quarter (price TBD) and work with most modern Android phones. And while I’m still not completely sold on Tizen as a platform versus Android Wear or watchOS, Samsung’s wearable looks like a real contender. Here’s what you need to know about Samsung’s new smartwatch. Samsung Gear S3: Hands-on It’s kinda big, and that’s OK The 46mm Gear S3 is bigger than the 42mm S2. Credit: Sam Rutherford/Tom's GuideCollaborating with Swiss designer Yvan Arpa, Samsung forged two versions of the Gear S3, the Gear S3 Classic and the Gear S3 Frontier. Both have a 46mm stainless steel casing, which is larger than the 42mm body on the Gear S2 (and 42mm Apple Watch). But I prefer the chunkier look and larger display over the more plasticky predecessor — even on my small wrist. Another plus, the always-on OLED display now boasts 16 million colors, up from just 8 on the Gear S2. MORE: Best Smartwatches - Top Picks for Android and iOS Frontier looks better than the Classic, both water-resistant You still get Samsung’s rotating bezel for navigating the menu on both S3s, but the darker metal on the Frontier’s front looks more badass and rugged than the polished and businessy silver on the Classic. The rotating bezel on the Gear S3 Frontier. GIF: Nick Bush / Tom's GuideBoth models are IP68 rated for water resistance, which means 5 feet for 30 minutes, and they’re also rated to survive extreme temperatures and shock. The Gear S3 is IP68 water resistant. Credit: Sam Rutherford/Tom's Guide Speaker for calling and optional 4G The Gear S3 sports a speaker and has optional 4G. Credit: Sam Rutherford/Tom's GuideUnlike the Gear S2, the standard Bluetooth and Wi-Fi version of the Gear S3 Classic and Frontier will let you make and receive calls with a built-in speaker. However, only the Frontier will offer optional 4G LTE connectivity from major carriers, which means you’ll be able to leave your phone behind. Samsung says you'll be able to make and receive calls in HD, send messages and use connected apps. However, you’ll have to add the Frontier to your carrier’s data plan, though. 3 to 4 days of (promised) battery life A 380 mAh battery should make the S3 last a long time. Credit: Sam R./Tom's GuideThe Gear S3 packs a 380 mAh battery, up from 250 mAh on the Gear S2 and 300 mAh on the 3G version of that watch. Samsung says that means between 3 and 4 days of juice, which would be a big step up from the 1 to 2 days we got before and mere 18 hours on the current Apple Watch. Plus, there’s a new watch-only mode for when the S3 starts to run low on power, so you’ll still get the time. It works with Samsung Pay, and you don’t even need your phone You can use the Gear S3 to make mobile payments at both terminals that accept NFC payments and ones that only use magnetic stripe technology, which covers about 90 percent of retailers. (The Apple Watch works only with NFC terminals) In a clever move, the Gear S3 stores up to five payment tokens on the watch, allowing you to pick up that Gatorade after your run without having to bring your Galaxy phone. (Yes, even on the Gear S3 without cellular.) The watch will replenish those tokens the next time you sync up. MORE: Why the Galaxy Note 7 Already Beats the iPhone 7 GPS and other fitness goodies on board The Gear S3 tracks fitness with via GPS and heart rate. Credit: Sam R./Tom's GuideLike the Gear Fit 2, the Gear S3 will have built-in GPS for tracking your distance and pace while you run. With the updated S Health app, you’ll also be able to share your progress with others and check out where you stand on leaderboards. Better ways to use rotating bezel, handwriting recognition In our review of the Gear S2, we noted that the rotating bezel didn't necessarily add a lot of value, as you can just as easily touch the screen to perform various actions. But Samsung is finding ways to make better use of its unique UI. For example, you can answer or reject calls by rotating the bezel. You can also write letters on the display that get converted to text, just like an old-school Palm Pilot, which is handy for messaging. More than 10,000 apps by launch, including Spotify streaming and Nest Yes, most of those apps are watchfaces, but Samsung continues to build out its ecosystem of Tizen OS apps. In addition to a new Uber widget, there’s Spotify for streaming tunes directly over a Wi-Fi connection and Nest for controlling your smart thermostat. There’s even an ADT SOS app that could save your life. A triple tap of a button will send out your location and call for help; just keep in mind that this app requires a separate fee. What’s missing A triple tap of the side button could summon ADT. Credit: Sam R./Tom's GuideWhile I’m concerned about the app gap between Tizen and Android Wear and Apple’s watchOS — apps are about quality, not quantity —Samsung has a bigger problem when it comes to voice assistance. Samsung’s S Voice comes in handy for opening apps, sending texts and other tasks, but it simply doesn’t have the artificial or predictive intelligence of Apple’s Siri or Google Now. Voice assistants will only take on more prominence as smartwatches come of age and as they integrate with other devices inside and outside of the home, and Samsung has a lot of catching up to do. Outlook Samsung worked with a Swiss designer for the Gear S3. Credit: Sam R./Tom's GuideIn order for smartwatches to be embraced by the masses, at the very least they need to look less geeky and last longer. The Gear S3 looks like it will succeed on those two fronts, while adding some welcome features like GPS, Samsung Pay, a speaker and water resistance. I’m particularly intrigued by the 4G-enabled Frontier and whether it could really wean me off my phone. The Gear S3 will face serious competition from the Apple Watch 2, which is expected to add GPS in addition to water resistance and a much improved watchOS 3 when it debuts in September, but Samsung’s smartwatch should be a standout come this holiday. Samsung is Copying the One Thing it Shouldn't From Apple Best Fitness Trackers - Track Activity, Calories & Sleep Samsung Gear 360 Review About the author Mark Spoonauer @mspoonauer Mark Spoonauer is the editor in chief of Tom's Guide and has been covering technology for more than 15 years. When he's not obsessing over the latest gadgets or appearing on TV, you'll find him running with his smartwatch. Follow him on at @mspoonauer. Read more Smartwatches Samsung Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish This thread is closed for comments No comments yet Your comment Latest in Smartwatches Hands-On Asus ZenWatch 3 Packs Gorgeous Circular Display News Gorilla Glass SR+ Will Make Your Next Smartwatch Indestructible by Michael Andronico Aug 31, 2016, 4:04 AM Reference Best Fibit: Choose the Right Tracker Your Needs by Mike Prospero Aug 29, 2016, 9:10 AM News Apple Watch 2 Battery Boost Could Make It Worth Buying by Mark Spoonauer Aug 29, 2016, 5:14 AM News Garmin's $1,500 Smartwatch is a Thing of Beauty by Mark Spoonauer Aug 26, 2016, 5:14 AM News Samsung Gear S3 Watch Coming Aug. 31: What to Expect by Philip Michaels Aug 15, 2016, 6:45 PM News Fossil's New Smartwatches Have the One Feature You Want by Andrew E. Freedman Aug 10, 2016, 9:08 AM The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 15 mn Hyundai Lets You Command Your Car with Google Home Round-Up 18 mn 11 Best TVs of CES 2017 (and When You Can Buy Them) News 19 mn Disney Streaming Box Puts Kids Front and Center Hands-On 1 hr The Yi Erida Drone Is Friggin' Fast Round-Up 1 hr 10 New Smart LED Lights for 2017 (and When You Can Buy... Hands-On 1 hr PowerRay Underwater Drone Is Your Own Personal Submarin... News 1 hr Das Keyboard 5Q Alerts You to Dumb Tweets in Real Time Hands-On 2 hr CyberPower's New Gaming PCs Are Absolutely Bonkers News 2 hr New Nvidia SHIELD Masters 4K, HDR, Smart Home Commands Hands-On 2 hr Intel's Project Alloy Makes Your Living Room a War Zone News 2 hr Ring's Floodlight Cam Lets You See the Light -- and Cro... News 3 hr SureCall Flare Boosts Your Cellular Signal in Style Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Friday, January 6, 2017  |  as of 9:49 PM ET Bank Technology Recent Issues | Magazine | Video | Web Seminars | White Papers Women in Banking | FinTech Forward Log In | My Account | Customer Service dealmaking & strategy community banking national/ regional law & regulation consumer finance bank technology bankthink conferences & events data & research resource center = Subscriber content; log in or subscribe now to access all American Banker content. Apple Pay Could Lose Leverage in U.S. from Spat Down Under By Kate Fitzgerald August 31, 2016 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Apple Pay is perhaps the most ubiquitous mobile payments service, but it is too early to say if banks, device makers or merchants control the system. IMAGE: Bloomberg News Related PNC Adds Support for Microsoft Wallet Payment Gateways Must Open Up to Bots Don't Take Tech Giants' Payments Ambitions Lightly Why B of A Is on the Fence About Mobile Wallets How Mobile Banking Is Raising Its Game Customer Experience Is the Tie that Binds Banks and Fintech 'More Sophisticated': Evolution of the Bank-Fintech Dialogue Australian banks are pushing Apple to loosen its grip on the technology that enables mobile payments. The result could bode well for U.S. banks as they look to re-up agreements with the tech giant. Apple has maintained tight control over Apple Pay since its October 2014 launch, forcing participating U.S. banks to pay a toll of 10 to 15 basis points per transaction to access the near-field communication antenna, or controller, according to industry sources. Banks grumbled, but they paid up. Many of the contracts U.S. banks initially signed to support Apple Pay are coming up for renewal, and financial institutions hoping to renegotiate terms are closely watching the Australia situation for signs of a thaw in Apple's policy of blocking third-party access to its mobile payments solution. "Some believe Apple has been courting conflict with the payments industry by acting monopolistically in the way it restricts access to its NFC controller, and Australia is turning out to be the most public of these collisions," said Doug Parr, chief revenue officer at Prairie Cloudware, a software developer based in Omaha, Neb. Apple declined to discuss the matter and U.S. banks continue to be tight-lipped about their arrangements with the tech company. But the issues are stirring up familiar tensions surrounding the tug of war over who ultimately controls mobile payments — banks, device makers or merchants — and it's too early to predict a winner, Parr says. So far NFC has emerged as the dominant channel for mobile wallets, because of its smooth user experience and the security it offers when combined with tokenization from payment networks like Visa and Mastercard. Plus, it's minimally invasive to merchants by riding on existing payment infrastructure rails, Parr pointed out. But merchants like Walmart are developing their own apps using alternative approaches like QR codes, and because consumers still have not broadly embraced NFC-based wallets, the future direction of mobile payments isn't certain. "At some point, consumers will vote with their feet, but the parties supporting mobile payments will need to cooperate, and that's what's at the heart of the goings-on in Australia," Parr said. Australia's largest banks recently applied to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission to fast-track a request for permission to collectively negotiate with Apple, claiming the company's restrictive policy around Apple Pay is stifling mobile payments innovation in the country. The Australian Retailers Association pledged support for the banks' request, along with the Australian Payments Clearing Association. On Aug. 18 the regulator responded that it needed time to consult with parties and said it would issue a draft decision on the matter in October. U.S. banks are closely watching the outcome, Parr said, because it could provide clues to how much leverage Apple can exert over banks in various markets. "Banks in the U.S. don't like paying a toll to use Apple Pay, but it's worse in other markets where interchange is skimpier," he said. U.S. banks typically earn about 200 basis points in interchange on each transaction, but outside the U.S. interchange often ranges between 40 and 70 basis points per transaction, Parr said. "In many countries, there isn't much interchange left, and if Apple is potentially asking banks to give up a third of it, they are going to push back." Third-party developers like Prairie Cloudware are busy building mobile wallets for banks that leverage host card emulation (HCE) to store payment card credentials in the cloud, but their solutions can only support mobile payments for Android devices because Apple requires banks to confine Apple Pay within an app that uses a secure element built into the handset. As a result, banks like Capital One and Wells Fargo that have developed HCE-based mobile wallets are forced to offer Apple Pay as a separate service. "If I'm a Wells Fargo customer with an iPhone, I don't get the full functionality of the bank's mobile app, because I can't use it to make an NFC payment," Parr explained. In backing Australia's banks, local retailers struck a similar note. "In our view, for as long as Apple Pay remains the only app that can use the iPhone's NFC functionality, the potential for innovation in mobile wallets and mobile payments will be limited." Apple shot back in its response to Australian regulators that local banks were exhibiting "cartel-like" behavior and attempting to stifle competition and create security risks. Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints JOIN THE DISCUSSION Comment SEE MORE IN Bank Technology RELATED TAGS National/Regional, Comments (0) Be the first to comment on this post using the section below. Add Your Comments: Not Registered? You must be registered to post a comment. Click here to register. Already registered? Log in here Please note you must now log in with your email address and password. E-MAIL ADDRESS PASSWORD Remember me Breaking News Credit Suisse Capital-Raise Debate Heats Up 10:38AM ET Dime Lands N.Y. Banking Vet to Speed Commercial Transformation 09:10AM ET Community Bank System in N.Y. Preps for Crossing Reg Threshold 01:26PM ET First Financial in Ohio Converts to State Charter 05:20PM ET Dealmaking & Strategy Banks Should Always Be Open to Being Sold: TFB's Lenz Veteran Bank Investor May Have Industry's Toughest Job in 2017 Time to Refresh Your Bank's Board What to Do with Michigan's Biggest Bank? Beware the 'Cargo Cult' of Performance Targets Tellers Should Be the Focus of a Bank's Succession Plans Headlines from Recent Bank Scandals Are Their Own Problem Visit BankThink » Multimedia Top Bank M&A Deals of 2016 The overall pace of consolidation slowed this year, but the average deal value increased from 2015 as bigger banks continued to get back into mergers and acquisitions. Several of this year's sellers were banks that had been backed by private equity in search of growth or a post-crisis turnaround. See All » Breaking News Dime Lands N.Y. Banking Vet to Speed Commercial Transformation 09:10AM ET Guaranty in Colo. Reunites with Former Exec via Board Appointment 05:35PM ET New Rural Housing Program Struggles to Spark Interest 05:22PM ET Citizens Bancshares in Ga. Buys Tarp Shares from Treasury 04:08PM ET Community Banking Time to Refresh Your Bank's Board Banks Should Always Be Open to Being Sold: TFB's Lenz Why This Multifamily Lender Is Retrenching Veteran Bank Investor May Have Industry's Toughest Job in 2017 Beware the 'Cargo Cult' of Performance Targets The One Question Every Bank Must Ask — And Answer Wells Scandal Ups Ante on Compliance Officer Accountability Visit BankThink » Multimedia Ripple Effects from Surging Bank Stocks The post-election rise in stock prices has been a boon for investors, but it is also causing notable changes for financial institutions. Here are a number of ways that the rally can help  and hurt  the banking industry. See All » Breaking News HUD: B of A Discriminated Against Hispanics at S.C. Branch 06:24PM ET Wells Fargo to Roll Out Retail Compensation Plan Next Week 02:39PM ET Credit Suisse Capital-Raise Debate Heats Up 10:38AM ET Amex Wins Latest Round of Fight with Justice Department 07:52AM ET National/Regional Trump Bump in Business Loans? What to Watch for in 4Q Results Student Debt: Not Just Millennials' Problem Beware the 'Cargo Cult' of Performance Targets Time to Refresh Your Bank's Board Where the Trouble Will Be in Lending Next Year Women in Banking: Chatbot Worries; Fidelity's Strategy Change Women in Banking: Unbiased Online Lending, SEC's Next Head Visit BankThink » Multimedia 'You Can't Drive Your House': Comments of the Year We revisit some of the best comments readers posted in 2016. Comments are excerpted from reader response sections of AmericanBanker.com and BankThink.com articles, except where noted. See All » Breaking News House Banking Panel Shakes Up Subcommittee Leadership 04:11PM ET Wells Fargo to Roll Out Retail Compensation Plan Next Week 02:39PM ET Amex Wins Latest Round of Fight with Justice Department 07:52AM ET Date Set for HUD Pick Carson's Senate Confirmation Hearing 05:28PM ET Law & Regulation Stakes Couldn't Be Higher for Trump's Two Fed Nominees Here's What OCC Sees as Major Bank Risks in 2017 What Trump's SEC Pick Means for Other Finreg Posts Will OCC's New Charter Go Beyond Fintech Firms? Fintech Charter Q&A: OCC Answers Skeptics As Long as There Are Megabanks, There Will Be Bailouts CFPB Commission Is Essential, Not a Trojan Horse Visit BankThink » Multimedia What Policymakers to Watch in 2017 It's no secret that Washington has been upended since the presidential election, with Donald Trump's unexpected victory forcing observers to recast predictions about what will happen in the new year. Following is a guide to what policymakers to watch and who is poised to make the biggest impact in 2017. See All » Breaking News HUD: B of A Discriminated Against Hispanics at S.C. Branch 06:24PM ET Amex Wins Latest Round of Fight with Justice Department 07:52AM ET New Rural Housing Program Struggles to Spark Interest 05:22PM ET California Consumer Group Calls for Mnuchin Investigation After Leaked Memo 04:03PM ET Consumer Finance Student Debt: Not Just Millennials' Problem Another Blow to Online Payday Lenders, This One from Calif. Court New U.S. Bancorp Hire Part of Wealth Management Push Where the Trouble Will Be in Lending Next Year Five Questions Facing the GSEs' Common Securitization Platform Why #BankBlack Falls Short Why GSE Recapitalization Talk Is Premature Visit BankThink » Multimedia Why ATMs Have Staying Power Cash machine transactions have held steady over the past three years, despite the rise of mobile and peer-to-peer payments, according to Andy Mattes, CEO of ATM manufacturer Diebold Nixdorf. "Consumers embrace all types of payment," Mattes says. See All » Breaking News State Street Names New Head of Global Exchange 06:44PM ET Wells Fargo Hires Payments Expert, Fintech Entrepreneur to Innovation Group 04:44PM ET Video Banking Moves Beyond Talking Teller Heads 02:29PM ET FBI Investigating FDIC Cyberattack Linked to China: Report 04:35PM ET Bank Technology TCF Finds Edge With Chip Card Haters Beyond Robo-Advisers: How AI Could Rewire Wealth Management Video Banking Moves Beyond Talking Teller Heads Customer Data Is a Liability Can BBVA Compass' New CEO Make Tech Innovation Pay Off? Fintech in 2017: Automation Will Rule Payments Innovation Wars, Part II: U.S. Strikes Back Visit BankThink » Multimedia How Mobile Banking Is Raising Its Game Mobile phones are only going to become a bigger part of how banks interact with their customers, so several institutions are looking to enhance that experience. They are focusing on better ways of opening accounts, verifying identities, interacting with customers and offering new services and features. Here are some of the improvements announced this year. See All » Breaking News Citizens Bank Announces Plans for Online Small Business Loans 03:52PM ET White Oak Advisors Acquires N.Y.-based Capital Business Credit 01:53PM ET Online Small Business Lender BlueVine Raises $49M in Debt and Equity 12:59PM ET Fifth Third Invests in Online Lender ApplePie 02:50PM ET Marketplace Lending Latest Sign of Trouble at CAN Capital: Mass Layoffs How Far Can 'Challenger' Banks Ride Fintech Charters? Critics Predict More Woes for Subprime Business Lenders Laplanche Seeks Second Act in Online Lending Losses Shrink as Lending Club Seeks Return to Normalcy Humanizing Data Is the Real Competitive Advantage Visit BankThink » Multimedia Who to Watch as Regulators Size Up Online Lending This year federal and state regulators have started to pay closer attention to the rapidly evolving online-lending sector  particularly online small-business lending. What follows is a look at eight key players in the debate over how to regulate this emerging industry. See All » Payments Innovation Wars, Part II: U.S. Strikes Back Regulators here made strides to encourage innovation in 2016, while Brexit cast doubt on the London fintech boom. Yet the cross-Atlantic payments battle is just... Read More Latest Posts Fintech in 2017: Automation Will Rule As Long as There Are Megabanks, There Will Be Bailouts Morning Scan: SEC Pick Seen as Street Friendly; Wooing Banks Why #BankBlack Falls Short Women in Banking: Chatbot Worries; Fidelity's Strategy Change CFPB Commission Is Essential, Not a Trojan Horse Editor's Choice How to Achieve Diversity: Stop Making Excuses As Long as There Are Megabanks, There Will Be Bailouts See All » Multimedia Why ATMs Have Staying Power See All » Morning Scan: Corzine Settlement; Deutsche Fills Post Featured Event Retail Banking 2017 03/22/2017 Trump National Doral Miami Miami, FL Upcoming Conferences Retail Banking March 22, 2017 Trump National Doral Miami Card Forum May 8, 2017 Hilton Austin Mentor Factor May 24, 2017 Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Digital Banking June 12, 2017 Hilton Austin See All Conferences » Event Gallery See All » Benchmarking & Data American Banker Research: Issues + Actions A bimonthly report series assessing topics of vital interest to financial service executives. (Premium Subscription Required) Ranking the Banks A comprehensive database of bank rankings,league tables and vital statistics. (Registration Required) Rate Tracker Monitor and look up average deposit and loan rates by product and by state. (Registration Required) Data in the News Rising Tide: The Top 200 Community Banks The most profitable 200 community banks and thrifts as ranked by three-year average ROE. Commercial Real Estate Comeback Commercial real estate's comeback is happening unevenly, with the recovery strongest for big banks and big cities. More » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Cross Selling: What's Really Going On? Fintech 2017: Shifting Budgets and Priorities See All » Featured Whitepapers Vendor landscape: E-Signature, Q4 2016 See All Whitepapers » Featured Web Seminars Defend against check fraud with e-signatures and signature verification Transform your financial performance and better achieve your 2017 goals Accelerate Your Digital Transformation in Europe: A fireside chat with Deutsche Banks CTO A collaborative approach to third party risk governance Increase financial services sales with new mobile solutions Outsmarting fraudsters with cognitive fraud detection See All Web Seminars » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Cross Selling: What's Really Going On? Fintech 2017: Shifting Budgets and Priorities See All » American Banker About Us Contact Us CareerZone Content Licensing & Reprints Advertise with Us Subscribe Customer Service My Account Site Map Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement RSS Feeds sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version

News Features Comment Science & Health Business & Careers Sport Gaeilge OTwo Opinion In Whose Interests? Rory Geoghegan     August 31, 2016 Rory Geoghegan August 31, 2016 Opinion Above: IFSC. Photo Credit: Eoin McNamee. After the landmark European Commission decision over Apple’s Irish back taxes, Rory Geoghegan delves into the reasoning of the Irish government’s reaction Apple has been ordered to pay up to €13bn ($14.5bn) in back taxes to Ireland after the European Commission ruled that deals between Apple and the Irish tax authorities constituted illegal state aid. The EU Commissioner for Competition, Margrethe Vestager, stated that Ireland had breached EU state aid law by granting Apple “illegal tax benefits… which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years”. The Irish state, along with Apple, conspired to illegally reduce the amount of tax on European-wide profits, which the company routed through its “head office” in Dublin, by way of two tax rulings in 1991 and 2007. Commissioner Vestager noted that Apple’s “head offices” in Dublin had “no employees, no premises and no real activities”. In fact, the “head office” existed only on paper. In 2003 the company paid a tax rate of 1% on the profits of Apple Sales International. However, come 2014, that figure dropped to 0.005%. This amounts to Apple having only paid €50 on every €1 million it declared in the Republic.   In the Interest of a Few The EU Commission’s shock ruling on Tuesday, and the government’s response to it, highlights the deeply unjust society in which we live today. The response given by the Minister for Finance mirrored the denunciation from Apple; the two quite clearly signing from the same hymn-sheet. In a remarkably insulting use of the word, and with seemingly no understanding of it, Noonan called the ruling itself, “unjust”. It is astounding that our democratically elected government is prepared to fight the EU in the interests of the most profitable company in the world, and at the expense of its own people – €670,000 of the taxpayers money has already been spent on legal fees fighting the case. Even if the government were to eventually accept the €13bn it would not likely be used to fund starved public services. Instead, it will be used to pay down the country’s socialized private banking debt. It is at these moments of heightened elite protectionism that we can clearly see the government, elected by the people and supposedly for the people, act in the interests of the rich and powerful. While Apple first set up in Cork in 1980 it wasn’t until 1991 that the Irish government granted the company a tax reduction. The Minister for Finance in 1991 was Albert Reynolds, with Bertie Ahern taking over the position in November of that same year. In 2007, when the second tax reduction was granted, Bertie Ahern had become the Taoiseach and Brian Cowen the Minister for Finance. “It is astounding that our democratically elected government is prepared to fight the EU in the interests of the most profitable company in the world, and at the expense of its own people…” The pro-Apple favouritism was passed from the Fianna Fail government to Fine Gael following the ’08 financial crisis and the 2011 elections. Under the leadership of Enda Kenny the granting of illegal tax reductions continued as Michael Noonan presided over the Department of Finance. This was at a time when that department was inflicting severe austerity measures on the country in order to pay back debt accrued by bailing out private banks. However, unlike with the Apple tax ruling, at no point did the Irish government seek to appeal against the austerity measures handed down by the Troika. The policy of austerity, so passively implemented by Fine Gael, was both incredibly destructive for those at the lower ends of the wealth distribution scale and damaging for our economy’s balanced recovery. It did however, benefit the rich. In 2010, according to CSO figures, those in the lowest income band saw their disposable income fall by 26%, while those in the highest income band saw their disposable income rise by 8%. Additionally, the 2013 budget saw a 1.3% increase on taxes for those earning €20,000 a year contrasted against a 0.2% increase on taxes for those earning €100,000 a year and only a 0.1% increase on taxes for those earning €200,000 a year. The sale of state assets at rock bottom prices was an opportunity not to be missed by large ‘vulture funds’, and was yet another beneficial profit making opportunity our government offered to the super-wealthy. A prime example is that of Promontoria Eagle, an Irish subsidiary of the US private equity giant Cerberus, set up by Dublin-based Structured Finance Management. In 2014 the equity firm bought Nama’s Project Eagle loan book, valued at €5.6bn, for a heavily discounted price of €1.6bn, according to the Sunday Independent. Not only were foreign equity funds able to acquire massive amounts of state assets for far less than they were actually worth, but they then proceeded to avail of Ireland’s preferential tax treatment for wealthy businesses. Promontoria Eagle benefitted from a Section 110 tax status, established in 1997 under Fianna Fail. This meant that the equity firm, who had collected repayments of €86.07 million between April and December 2014, paid just €2,500 in tax. This is an effective tax rate of 0.0029% of Promontoria Eagle’s total revenue. This is down to the company only declaring a profit of €9,165 while simultaneously declaring operating costs at €50 million. The problem is that Promontoria Eagle lawfully engaged in an extensive range of financial transactions in a tax-neutral manner due to their Section 110 tax status: as long as payments out match payments in, Section 110 securitisation vehicles pay essentially no tax. While corporations and equity funds make billions from buying taxpayer owned state assets at slashed prices we are experiencing never before seen levels of inequality. A November 2015 report, by the economic think-tank TASC, highlights this. According to the report, the top 10% of the population hold over half of the country’s wealth, while the bottom half of the distribution maintains just 4.9% of net wealth. “While corporations and equity funds make billions from buying taxpayer owned state assets at slashed prices we are experiencing never before seen levels of inequality.” Yet another example of our ‘government for the rich’ came in July of this year, when figures released by the Central Statistics Office (CSO) showed a GDP growth of 26% in 2015. This of course, was nonsense. The massive growth in GDP, on paper at least, was as a result of foreign companies undergoing corporate restructuring and re-locating assets to Ireland, avoiding paying tax on their revenues in other jurisdictions. This growth in GDP did not lead to job creation or general economic well-being in any way. Instead, the enormous hike in our GDP figures meant that Ireland’s EU contribution increased by €280 million. The conclusion being that the people of Ireland had to pick up the bill for large foreign corporations: we directly subsidised their tax avoidance. The government did not kick and scream, nor did it appeal. The policies which we have seen the likes of Fianna Fail, Fine Gael and their coalition partners implement for decades, are products of the current dominant economic ideology. While many in government have unquestionable faith in the dominant economic thinking, it is nonetheless a flawed ideology. When societies are unjust, for example, in the distribution of wealth, we can expect the emergence of flawed ideologies as it provides ways of rationalising undeserved privilege. These ideologies are usually held by dominant sectors of society and, as a result, become the way of thinking for privileged groups or those in power, eventually permeating throughout society as a whole. This is not to suggest that there is some overarching conspiracy by elites at play. Rather, ideology is deeply embedded in society and, even if it is flawed, may be genuinely believed. Ideology may be best understood as a pair of glasses. Having on a certain pair of glasses allows you to see the world in a specific way. Western economic policy since 1970s and ‘80, known as neo-liberalism, has provided for a way of rationalising decisions that disproportionately benefit the wealthy in our society. To continue the current trend of economic policy-making would be to continue a deeply unjust economic system. Austerity and the Commission’s Apple ruling has been the canary in the ideological mine. It is now time to remove the glasses, that for so long have blurred our vision, and fix the systemic injustices that we have created. Share the post "In Whose Interests?" Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn More Opinion Student Tips: Finding a Christmas Job Editorial – Issue 3 – Volume XXIII My Country Has Demeaned Myself and Others The Votes of the Silent Majority Count Head-to-Head: The SU Abortion Referendum Reverse-Culture Shock A Grey Area Recent News UCD LawSoc Representatives Reach Quarter-Final of World Debating Championship West Bank university receiving more funding than other Israeli higher-level institutions University graduates sought by Tunisian terror group UCD LawSoc Representatives Reach Quarter-Final of World Debating Championship West Bank university receiving more funding than other Israeli higher-level institutions Students in Malaysia warned against protesting USI #RockTheRegister campaign aims to register 10,000 students Advertisements otwo Toggle navigation Front Page Otwo News Features Comment Science & Health Sport Gaeilge Arts Music Film Games Fashion Food and Drink Travel Fiction and Poetry Opinion Editorial Advertise with us RSS/Twitter Contact Us About otwo otwo Search for: UCD LawSoc Representatives Reach Quarter-Final of World Debating Championship Christmas In Other Cultures West Bank university receiving more funding than other Israeli higher-level institutions University graduates sought by Tunisian terror group Students in Malaysia warned against protesting Chocolate: Shrinking Value or Waistlines? Living in the Golden Age In Their Own Words: The Mental Health Struggles of UCD Students Democracy and the Education Gap Students and Homelessness: How Can We Make A Difference? About Contact Us Join The Team Advertise with us Creative writing Subscribe to our newsletter Podcasts Blogs & Columns RSS Feed Print Editions Twitter Facebook News Comment Features Science & Health Sport Gaeilge Editorial Op-ed Otwo Music Film Arts Games Fashion Food and Drink Travel
7 °C Athlone Home News Events Sponsored Editorial eZine Weather Sport Entertainment Puzzles Gallery Jobs ePaper Supplements Shop Local More Contact Us News Boxer wants open and transparent decision on Apple appeal Wednesday, 31st August, 2016 5:27pm Jump to comments An Independent Alliance TD has indicated that he believes the group will support a Government move to appeal the European Commission judgement on Apple, once a number of issues are clarified. “We have got to show that if multinational companies come in here, if they get into difficulty, we are here to protect them,” Deputy Kevin ‘Boxer’ Moran told the Westmeath Independent this evening. He said the Independent Alliance was seeking clarification on a number of issues surrounding the €13bn tax, which he said would alleviate many problems at a time when people were suffering. Describing the controversy as “a very serious issue”, he said it was very damaging for the country’s reputation. Boxer said the members of the Independent Alliance had heard Minister Eoghan Murphy indicate through the national media airwaves on Sunday that the Government would appeal any negative decision on the Apple issue. “We are a partner in Government and we weren’t informed at all.” As a consequence of Independent Alliance concerns, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan met with the group on Tuesday in advance of the announcement of the European Commission investigation. “We told him that we were members in Government and that was not the way it should work.” Boxer said although a Cabinet meeting had been ongoing all day, he could indicate that Independent Alliance would be seeking a recall of the Dail and was working on the wording of a motion to ensure that a similar situation regarding taxation would not occur again. He said he wanted clarity too on whether the €13bn could be spent in advance of any court decision on an appeal by Apple. The Independent Alliance was “led to believe that because Apple have appealed it” the €13bn could not be spent in the intervening period. Boxer said he also wanted clarity as to the situation with other multinationals. He said Revenue had stressed that there were no special tax arrangements in place. “If this had been the old Government, this would have just been railroaded through,” he pointed out.However, he said the Independent Alliance was not going to bring down the Government on the issue. “Before we can sign off on the dotted line, we want to make sure that it’s open and transparent.” A Government appeal of the EC decision would place the onus on the judge to decide. Asked why the Government could not simply allow Apple to lodge that appeal on its own, he replied the Government had a duty to fight to protect its multinational base.“We want to protect what we have in the country and what might want to come in.” “We have got to show that if multinational companies come in here, if they get into difficulty, we are here to protect them." Meanwhile this evening, the Government issued the following statement: “The Government had a thorough discussion of the European Commission decision with regard to Apple, based on a Memorandum from the Minister for Finance proposing that Ireland lodge an appeal to that decision. Cabinet received a detailed briefing from Minister Noonan. Ministers also had an opportunity to examine the full text of the European Commission decision, which is a lengthy and complex document. Following the discussion, it was agreed to adjourn the meeting to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the AG’s Office and with officials. The Government meeting will resume on Friday at 11am to make a decision on the matter.”   Read 3416 Email Print Related Articles 16 Nov 2016FF leader claims 'Boxer' told him the Government "isn't going to last" Latest Gallery WSA’16 Facebook Frame Fun Stay up-to-date with the latest news from around the county with a Westmeath Independent epaper subscription from €2.20* Post a Comment Next Story WATCH OUT FOR THIEVES: Gardaí urge shoppers to be mindful of retail car park thefts this Christmas 08 Dec 2016€400,000 stolen from cars last year Saturday January 7th01:49 AM Athlone 7°C Mostly sunny Real Feel 7°C 7 km/h - NNE ePaper Subscription Desktop, Tablet & Smartphone friendly Group Publications More awards for Amanda McQuillan Princess Grace's son visits Newgrange 12km tailbacks on old N3 after cows close M3 STATE OF PLAY: The top 20 teams in Cavan ranked Green light for Lemanaghan wind monitoring mast Trolley crisis: Local numbers peak Operation Transformation walk at Belvedere tomorrow Cribbin ready to blood new talent in cup Passing of loyal Westport United and Mayo GAA supporter 'A very frightening turn of events' in Mayo mental health services Explore Our Range Of ServicesShop LocalWestmeath Independent JobsBook an AdDigital EditionPhotostore Cookies on Westmeath Independent website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Westmeath Independent website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time by amending your browser settings. How does Westmeath Independent use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience. We don't sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Hide Message Menu Home News Sport Entertainment Shop Local Jobs ePaper Photostore About Us Terms of Use Privacy Accessibility PCI Info Contact Us Sitemap Other Titles Meath Chronicle The Anglo Celt Offaly Independent Westmeath Examiner Your Forum Connaught Telegraph Group Websites Celtic Media Group Celtic Media Print
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Media & Marketing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Business Podcast: Making sense of the Apple ruling Tax expert Brian Keegan says case is unprecedented for European Commission Wed, Aug 31, 2016, 17:33 The European Commission’s ruling that Apple must pay Ireland €13 billion in back taxes leaves all parties involved with a complicated mess on their hands.         The European’s Commission’s ruling that Apple must pay Ireland €13 billion in back taxes leaves all parties involved with a complicated mess on their hands. Listen to the podcast To help make sense of it all we have Brian Keegan, director of taxation with Chartered Accountants as well as The Irish Times Europe correspondent Suzanne Lynch and Business editor Cliff Taylor. In part two, The Business Podcast presents the first part of a new series in which we talk to the finalists in the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Awards about their companies, challenges, successes and insights. First up it’s Gillian Maxwell of Tiger Retail Ireland and Kieran O’Keeffe of MobileWebAdz       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Innovation Wexford teen creates iOS app for US software giant Salesforce Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 3 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 4 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 5 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 6 Five reasons why ‘Dancing with the Stars’ needs to hit the mark for RTÉ 7 Developer Garrett Kelleher and the $90m Liberian civil war lawsuit 8 Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year 9 Trump urged to block Norwegian Air’s Ireland-US flights 10 Sale of Blanchardstown centre was State’s biggest property deal Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russian hacking SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Obama tells Republicans: 'Putin is not on our team' Administration — 55m 36s ago Obama: I'm 'heartbroken' for the families of Florida victims Blog Briefing Room — 1h 10s ago Fla. gov says he reached out to Trump, not Obama, after shooting Blog Briefing Room — 1h 40m ago 5 key findings from the intelligence report on Russia National Security — 1h 44m ago Small businesses will face these thorny issues in 2017 Contributors — 2h 27m ago Kerry: Mexico won’t ‘pony up’ for Trump’s wall International — 2h 33m ago DHS designates election systems as 'critical infrastructure' National Security — 2h 37m ago Congress should use the REINS Act to combat the regulatory state Contributors — 2h 47m ago view all   Treasury secretary: EU targeting US companies with Apple ruling By Ali Breland - 08/31/16 12:17 PM EDT 0   © Cameron Lancaster Treasury Secretary Jack LewJack LewLew: Eliminate the 'dangerous' debt limit Five regulatory fights facing tech in 2017 Treasury official to lead Tax Policy Center MORE said on Wednesday that the European Union (EU) is targeting U.S. companies after the European Commission ruled against Apple in a case over the tech giant’s tax dealings with Ireland. "I have been concerned that it reflected an attempt to reach into the U.S. tax base to tax income that ought to be taxed in the United States," Lew said in response to the decision, Reuters is reporting. The commission on Tuesday ordered that Apple to pay Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes after it decided that the country had granted the tech company unfair state aid that violated EU regulations. Apple and Ireland have said they will appeal the ruling. The EU has also ordered Starbucks to pay more taxes to the Netherlands. Amazon and McDonald’s both have cases pending with the Commission over potentially underpaying taxes as well. A report released earlier in August had previously questioned the European Union’s motivations in the tax cases, citing Lew’s comments that the “investigations appear ‘to be targeting U.S. companies disproportionately.’”  Prior to the decision, both Lew and U.S. legislators said that these cases call into question  “bilateral tax treaties negotiated with EU Member States,” and that the cases “could undermine U.S. tax treaties with EU Member States.” Tags Jack Lew   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Declassified report: Putin ordered... Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a widespread influence campaign... 1,152 Shares 2 Schwarzenegger fires back at Trump... Arnold Schwarzenegger is hitting back at Donald Trump for mocking the low... 259 Shares 3 WikiLeaks opposes leaking of CIA... The leaking site opposes NBC's broadcast of leaked details from the... 214 Shares 4 GOP lawmaker removes painting... A House Republican on Friday personally removed a controversial painting... 172 Shares 5 Vicente Fox to Trump: We won't pay... "Be clear with US tax payers. They will pay for it," the former Mexican... 166 Shares 6 Trump after intel briefing:... He stopped short of saying he believes Russia was the perpetrator of the... 128 Shares 7 Trump calls for investigation into...  President-elect Donald Trump on Friday called for lawmakers to... 128 Shares 8 Kerry: Mexico won’t ‘pony up’ for... "They've said they're not going to pay for it," he said. 125 Shares 9 Scandal-plagued Theranos lays off...  Embattled blood-testing startup Theranos laid off more than 40 percent of... 102 Shares 10 In campus rape cases, colleges to... OPINION | When a male student is expelled for allegedly accepting female... 81 Shares 11 Maddow asks if Trump will send her...  MSNBC's Rachel Maddow joked Wednesday that if President-elect Donald... 72 Shares 12 Trump aide clashes with CNN host... Conway defended the president-elect's position on Russian hacking and the... 71 Shares 13 Dems try to voice objections as... But House Democrats lacked the necessary support from senators. 71 Shares 14 Report: Trump orders Obama... The move would break with precedent just two weeks from Inauguration Day. 67 Shares 15 Sanders's Trump tweet poster... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) brought an oversized printout of a Donald... 64 Shares 16 DHS designates election systems as... The move comes in the wake of an investigation into Russian interference... 64 Shares 17 Obama tells Republicans: 'Putin is... Obama said he's "concerned" that conservatives seem to be trusting Putin... 57 Shares 18 Fla. gov says he reached out to... "I have not talked to President Obama," Florida Gov. Rick Scott says. 52 Shares 19 GOP aims to rein in liberal cities After consolidating power in Washington, D.C. and state capitals under... 52 Shares 20 Trump hotel’s alleged unpaid bills... Three separate liens claim work on the Washington, D.C. hotel remains... 48 Shares 21 Sanders uses oversized Trump tweet... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) Wednesday brought an oversized printout of a... 47 Shares 22 5 key findings from the... The Intelligence Community on Friday published its hotly anticipated... 41 Shares 23 Michelle Obama gives emotional... Michelle Obama offered a message to young Americans in an emotional final... 40 Shares 24 FBI never examined hacked DNC... The FBI never examined the Democratic National Committee’s (DNC) computer... 37 Shares 25 Biden on electoral vote objections... Vice President Biden made no effort to entertain protests about the... 36 Shares 26 The hypocrisy of climate change... OPINION | Being a climate change believer means never having to say you’re... 36 Shares 27 Ryan: Trump ‘won this election... Ryan warned against trying to "delegitimize the president-elect's victory." 35 Shares 28 US finds link between Russia,... U.S. officials say the intermediary is revealed in a classified report to... 35 Shares 29 Pelosi: Intel report on Russian... Democratic leader accuses members of the press of being "accomplices" to... 34 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact X to the Z Sony Xperia XZ review - - - Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pricing, storage versions leak Post your comment Comments (110) Vince, 31 August, 2016 Apple iOS Rumors The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be one of the hottest smartphone announcements this fall. Naturally, pricing is what's on everyone's mind and the latest information regarding their price tag comes from Apple's largest wholesaler in China - Leleda. The information from Leleda confirms the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB flavors, marking a notable change from the 16GB, 64GB, 128GB variants we had so far through the years. Here's the pricing for the SIM-free variants. It seems that Apple will double the storage of the upcoming iPhone models without affecting the price compared to the current iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. iPhone 7 (leaked prices) 32GB - CNY 5288 ($790) 128GB - CNY 6088 ($990) 256GB - CNY 7088 ($1060) iPhone 6S (current prices) 16GB - CNY 5288 ($790) 64GB - CNY 6088 ($910) 128GB - CNY 6888 ($1030) iPhone 7 Plus (leaked prices) 32GB - CNY 6088 ($910) 128GB - CNY 6888 ($1030) 256GB - CNY 7888 ($1180) iPhone 6S Plus (current prices) 16GB - CNY 6088 ($910) 64GB - CNY 6888 ($1030) 128GB - CNY 7788 ($1160) Note that these prices are the "expected" ones, as the source of the leak puts it. Finally, a leaked packaging of an iPhone 7 Plus confirms indisputably there will be a 256GB version - so far only the iPad had 256GB and it's a first for the iPhone. Not only that, but the packaging also confirms the contents of the iPhone retail box. Inside customers will find a new EarPod headphones with a Lightning Connector just as rumored - complete with a Lightning to headphone jack adapter. The standard Lightning cable and power adapter are also included. The iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) packaging list The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be unveiled just a week from today, on September 7. Source | Viа Related articles 76% of Apple's mobile devices are now running iOS 10 Samsung to be exclusive supplier of AMOLED panels for one of three new iPhones coming in 2017 Today only, Apple's latest MacBook Pro is $150 off Apple launches new 'Ring in the New Year' activity challenge for Watch users Reader comments FrankDrebin KrWB 07 Sep 2016 I meant the X Performance, and the xperia X is not midrange, and its only $500, how much is the low end iphone 7? $670 lmao Reply james J7Rx 02 Sep 2016 I got it on a flash sale deal thats why I got a bnew phone for low price. Totally a steal. If i buy a gaming pc for 1100$ i will have windows, windows mobile, and emulate android os inside the computer which is a good thing very flexible, rather than... Reply Antonio Soto 9xHH 02 Sep 2016 You don't care, yet you visited the page and posted a comment. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 110 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo YU verykool Maxwest NIU Yezz Parla Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,359 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,458 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 90,389 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 71,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64,217 6. vivo V5 64,196 7. Oppo F1s 58,861 8. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 57,986 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,557 10. Lenovo K6 Note 48,053 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,799 2. OnePlus 3 1,563 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,512 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,477 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,359 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,356 7. HTC 10 1,315 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,132 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,130 10. LG G5 1,112 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 4 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content You are here: Home / January 06, 2017 ISACA's half-year, half-price offer Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com THE FRONT PAGE   Carmakers Hitch Ride with Tech on Futuristic Road   Silicon Valley and the auto industry are pushing to plug more technology into cars, from entertainment and information systems to the processing power and connectivity for self-driving. Continue Reading... HAPPENING NOW Mobile Industry News Samsung Debuts Chromebooks at CES, Competitors to iPad, Surface Pro Mobile Industry News An In-Depth Look at Kaby Lake: The New Intel i7-7700K E-Commerce Here Come Smart Stores With Robots, Interactive Shelves Business Briefing Lawsuit Seeks To Ban Google from U.S. Government Contracts Mobile Industry News Qualcomm Unveils Smaller, More Powerful Snapdragon 835 Chip Amazon Readies Workout Clothing   T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option   Apple App Store Sets Sales Record   MORE NEWS Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit What You Can Expect at CES 2017 Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Possible E-Commerce IPOs in 2017 Self-Driving Startups To Watch in 2017 Will 2017 Be the Year VR Gets Real? Selling Your Unwanted Stuff Online Tech Winners and Losers of 2016 Retailers Shift as Online Sales Grow Prosecutors Seek Amazon Echo Data State Wants Broadband Cash in Pa. Why So Few Women in Technology? NEWS BY TOPIC Business Briefing Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Google May Lost Federal Contracts Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit Mobile Industry News T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES Small Business Retailers Shift as Online Sales Grow Chipped Cards Can Help Stem Fraud Better CRM Tech Helps Biz Up Sales Innovation Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech Here Come Smart Stores With Robots Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 E-Commerce Amazon Readies Workout Clothing Here Come Smart Stores With Robots Selling Your Unwanted Stuff Online Contributed Content Kensington Ups Device, Data Security Kensington's ErgoSoft Wrist Rests Kensington Debuts Docking Station BITS & BYTES RANDOM BYTES Tesla, Panasonic Expand Solar Deal NEWS PICK Chipped Cards Can Help Stem Fraud NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review NES Classic Edition: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Google Chromecast Ultra: Australian Review Rogue One: The Gizmodo Australia Review Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made By Apple GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Gadgets Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too Thousands Of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other On Twitch Watch This Stump Grinder Basically Vaporise A Tree Stump TCL's New Roku TVs Are Some Of The Cheapest Sets With HDR  Mobile LG Admits No One Cared About Its Modular Phone Last Year Asus' Crazy New Phone Takes 92-Megapixel Photos These Aussie-Made Wireless Earbuds Are A Cure For Pub Deafness How To Find A Lost Phone Car Tech This Incredible Sports Car Was 3D Printed From Laser-Melted Metal Honda's New Experimental Motorcycle Can Balance All By Itself Like Magic My First Ride In A Self-Driving Car Was Harrowing As Hell Living Near A Major Road May Cause Dementia Online This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today This Declassified Report On Russian Hacking Is Incredibly Bleak Wikileaks Somehow Reached A New Level Of Desperate Trump's Latest Statement On Russian Hacking Cannot Be Written About Rationally Science & Health 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy This Controversial Genetic Engineering Technology Could Eliminate Malaria Watch A Knife Attached To A Rocket Going 240km/h Slice The Hell Out Of Meat And Fruit Cameras This Smart Baby Camera Can See When An Infant Stops Breathing This Is The First Action Camera With FLIR Thermal Imaging Built Right In NASA's Favourite Photos Of 2016 Will Remind You There's Still Good In This World Australian Drone Laws: What You Need To Know Before Taking To The Skies Computing Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips Gaming The Game Boy Is Being Brought Back From The Dead With Some Awesome Upgrades Nvidia Is Bringing Better Game Streaming To Facebook Live Nvidia Has Come A Long Way, From Gaming Graphics To Self-Driving AI 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Is Coming In March Entertainment B&O Play's M5 Is The Most Beautiful Wireless Speaker I've Ever Seen Watch How ILM Brought Back Tarkin And Leia For Rogue One New Ragnarok Details Hint At Dire Times Ahead For Thor Home Alone Edited With More Blood Seems So Hilariously Demented Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips LG's Prototype Displays Are The Future Of Staring At TV Screens And Beyond Cramming Three 4K Displays Into One Huge Gaming Laptop Is So Insane That Obviously Razer Did It Samsung's New Gear S3 Could Be The Toughest Smartwatch Yet Campbell Simpson Sep 1, 2016, 2:00am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories feature fitness trackers gear s3 ifa 2016 samsung samsung gear s3 smartwatches tizen Share Image: Gizmodo Samsung's seventh Gear S device is its most refined by a long, long way — and Samsung finally thinks it's a timepiece every bit as good at being a watch as it is a smartwatch. Taking the fight directly back to the Apple Watch — expected by some to be re-launched in a couple of days at Apple's iPhone 7 event — the Gear S3 now supports Samsung Pay, has the toughest glass watchface yet, and includes built-in GPS for accurate fitness tracking. The Gear S3 has two similar yet slightly differentiated variants — the entry-level Gear S3 classic, with a professional and modern design that "pays homage to the minimalist, elegant style found in the most iconic timepieces", and the Gear S3 frontier, which builds upon the foundation of the classic model with a rugged outdoor- and fitness-friendly design and built-in support for 3G and 4G mobile networks — although using an eSIM, which Australia's carriers won't integrate until next year at the earliest. Image: Gizmodo The Gear S3 is very slightly larger in all dimensions than the Gear S2 it inherits its place at the top of Samsung's wearable line-up from, taking over from the similarly new Gear Fit2. At 46x49x12.9mm it's somewhat thicker than the 42x49x11.2mm Gear S2, and heavier at 57g versus 47g. The Gear S3 frontier is identically sized but is slightly heavier at 62g to accommodate that 3G/4G radio hardware inside. Both watches take a 22mm strap, and has the same IP68 water and dust resistance as its predecessor. The S3's circular Super AMOLED capacitive glass touchscreen display is 1.3 inches in diameter versus the old 1.2, but has the same 360x360pixel resolution and similar 278ppi pixel density. Being an AMOLED panel, it can be configured to always display a watchface even if the Gear S3's higher processing functions aren't running. Samsung says the 380mAh battery will last "up to four days on a single charge" courtesy of a Samsung-built 1.0GHz dual-core processor and the company's traditionally lightweight Tizen operating system. Image: Gizmodo Tizen and the Gear S3's rotating bezel allow for a few fancy software additions to the smartwatch's existing repertoire, like cancelling alarms and accepting or rejecting calls. Those calls can come through the S3 over Bluetooth (or 3G/4G) too, with the inclusion of a microphone for the existing built-in speaker, which also works for voice dictation and spoken commands. Using either the 3G/4G network or Bluetooth to a connected smartphone, the Gear S3 is the first Samsung smartwatch to support the company's Samsung Pay mobile payment infrastructure — which has a few key partners like American Express and Citibank in Australia. We're led to believe that Samsung Pay allows for small transactions without internet connectivity, too, so you should be able to pay for a coffee while you're out on a run or ride wearing the Gear S3. Built-in GPS tracking without an accompanying smartphone puts the Gear S3's fitness logging abilities in the same realm as dedicated running watches from market leaders Garmin, Suunto and TomTom, with GPS/Glonass support for the Classic and A-GPS/Glonass supplemented by mobile networks for the Frontier. The Gear S3 is the first wearable to use Corning's new Gorilla Glass SR+ — a synthetic alternative to the sapphire glass used in the scratchproof Huawei Watch — which promises lower reflection and up to 70 per cent better damage protection than competitors. We've had great results both with the Huawei and the Samsung Gear S2, which survived a Tough Mudder unscathed, so we're expecting good things from the S3's durability. The Gear S3 will be out in Australia "before Christmas", with pricing and local stockists confirmed closer to then. We'll have a full hands-on post for the Gear S3 very soon, so stay tuned. [Samsung] Samsung Gear S3 Classic All images: Samsung Samsung Gear S3 Frontier All images: Samsung Gizmodo travelled to IFA 2016 as a guest of Samsung. Comments pepee63 @pepee63 Sep 1, 2016, 5:25am Damn good looking watch but I'm not going to wear anything thicker than 5mm. I don't like the look of having a tea cup strapped to my wrist. Reply 0 blah @amack888 Sep 1, 2016, 7:51am I was wondering about that. It doesnt look 13mm thick in the photos but if it is thats ridiculous. Reply 0 Sadly, yes Guest Sep 1, 2016, 10:00am It doesn't look that thick because it is basically 50mm across. Not so much a teacup as a soup plate. Mind you, 9mm+ thick is pretty normal for a mechanical watch. Reply 0 michael64 @michael64 Sep 1, 2016, 5:50am So there's no word on the Gear S2 getting Samsung Pay in Australia? Tap and Pay is in the settings for God sake. Surely they will release it if there's no hardware issues? Reply 0 grunt @grunt Sep 1, 2016, 8:40am I'm working on getting NAB pay to work on my S2, which it should be able to do. Problem is with the NAB end at the moment, with the account showing on my mobile not matching my actual account. So every time I tap the phone, I get an error. Get the mobile working, it should be a straightforward case of linking the NFC in the watch. My main goal is to buy a beer with my watch. If I can do that, I've won the world. Reply 0 feroshious @feroshious Sep 1, 2016, 11:56am Pretty much the problem at the moment. It has all these features, that you can't use in Australia. Can't pay for anything or make a phone call with it, yet. Which is pretty much the two things people are waiting for. It needs to replace my phone and wallet (for the most part) when I go out. Reply 0 grunt @grunt Sep 1, 2016, 12:54pm My problem is more the phone side of things at the moment. I have my account set up for NAB pay, it just wont work. If I can get THAT happening, the sync between the phone and watch should be able to match the NFC signals and hence work. So, first step, when I pull my digit out, is to get the phone able to do NFC. Then worry about the watch side of things. Reply 0 gunnermcdagget @gunnermcdagget Sep 1, 2016, 10:13am I'd consider buying the Frontier but apparently only the Classic is coming to Australia so will need to buy it online. Reply 0 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Sep 1, 2016, 2:35pm Both coming to Australia as far as I've been made aware. It's just that we will (almost certainly) not get the 4G variant of the Frontier. Reply 0 gunnermcdagget @gunnermcdagget Sep 1, 2016, 2:46pm Ahhh cheers. From what I originally read it sounded like the Frontier was only made with 4G. Good to know they will have a non-4G version. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Sep 1, 2016, 2:08pm The red one looks like a Shy Guy. Reply 0 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Sep 1, 2016, 3:33pm Unofficial Nintendo watchface TBC. Reply 0 michael64 @michael64 Sep 2, 2016, 3:15pm Samsung Pay has been on the Gear S2 as a beta program since July in the US only. I would expect in the coming months this will be released internationally. The Gear S3 will probably retail here for $500- $600 initially but you can pick up an S2 for a lot less (got my S2 classic for $240 2nd hand). The Gear S3 will have MST but most places in Australia have NFC terminals now anyway. Don't think I'll be upgrading. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are Alex Cranz 05 Jan 2017 1:30 PM At 2.57mm thick, LG's new OLED W7 television might be the thinnest giant television ever made. I don't want to say that. It feels like hyperbole, and over the next few days I have no doubt that a lot of other televisions are going to use similar tech for similar results, but look at that image above. Note how that 65-inch display is actually thinner than that woman's finger. Now come back and tell me that isn't incredible. What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? Katharine Trendacosta 07 Jan 2017 12:00 AM Completionism is a disease that forces some people to finish something even though it has gone horribly wrong. This is why I have seen all of Charmed. And why my colleague James Whitbrook shudders when you mention Torchwood. Miracle Day. So, we ask you, what's the worst show you watched every minute of? Extra points for length of suck. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are 2 What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? 3 Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable 4 Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy 5 Watch How ILM Brought Back Tarkin And Leia For Rogue One Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today December Saw Campo Santo's Firewatch Hit One Million Copies Sold Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle How Bartenders Suggest You Stock Your Home Bar Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office The Tech Trends From CES 2017 That Will Actually Matter Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter It's official -- the 2016 Word of the Year is 'Dumpster fire' 22 huge movie sequels you probably didn't realise were coming out this year Obama on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'These tragedies have happened too often' Meet the hedge fund stars in their 20s who just made Forbes' '30 Under 30' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → 1999’s Artwork and Guidelines for the Mac Logo  August 31, 2016August 31, 2016 ⌘ Permalink 512 reader Marc Robinson mailed me me a bunch of Apple marketing materials from the late 90s and early 00s. There was a ton of good stuff in his package, but there was one that I thought I should share first: a CD containing artwork and guidelines on how to use the then-new Mac logo. A lot of companies publish style guides on how their logos should and shouldn’t be used.1 In the late 90s, Apple made a push for developers to standardize how they showed the Mac logo. Here’s how the artwork was introduced: Apple Macintosh computers are legendary for bringing technology to a human level. Elegance of design, innovation, and ease of use make Macintosh computers and the Mac OS operating system the platform of choice for people who think and work creatively. The graphic symbol in the Mac OS Logo—the “Happy Mac” computer screen with a super-imposed human profile—provides a strong visual image of this principle. This symbol represents a dialog between user and technology that is unique to Macintosh and the Mac OS. The Mac OS Logo has become an essential element in identifying the Macintosh operating system. It has also been a signal to customers that hardware and software products are compatible with Macintosh computers. Correct and consistent use of the Mac OS Logo has always been important in building recognition of and demand for the Mac OS and Macintosh-compatible products. To make this identification even easier, we’ve simplified things. We’ve created the new Mac Logo, using the familiar “blue face” image and the word “Mac,” that will clearly indicate compatibility with all Macintosh products. Now hardware and software that’s compatible with Macintosh will use the same language our customers have always used: “Mac.” The Mac Logo will replace the Mac OS Logo on all communications moving forward. These guidelines will help you to apply the new logo in your communications. This is the art I remember clearly on software boxes in my local Apple Store and even on Mac software in places like Best Buy. It made it easy to spot, which was the whole point, I guess. I’ve zipped up the contents of the CD (a whopping 1.2 MB worth) here for download. Here is Dropbox’s, for example. ↩ Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsorship: Micro.blog is a new platform for independent microblogs. Back the book Indie Microblogging on Kickstarter to reserve your username.     Aqua and Bondi My book about the computer that saved Apple and the road to OS X is on sale now on the iBooks Store and as a PDF. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. Extra goodies: YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Hiring for New Machine Learning Division Following Turi Acquisition Wednesday August 31, 2016 10:14 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Following its recent acquisition of Turi, a Seattle-based machine learning and artificial intelligence startup, a pair of new job listings reveal that Apple has spun the company into its new machine learning division. Apple is looking to hire data scientists and advanced app developers, based in Seattle, who together will help build proof-of-concept apps for multiple Apple products to deliver new and improved user experiences where possible. Turi is the new machine learning division at Apple. We build tools that enable teams across Apple to develop machine learning solutions to power amazingly intelligent user experiences. We are looking for new energetic members to join our ML Applications team to collaborate with product teams on a variety of proof-of-concept projects.Many of those improvements driven by machine learning were highlighted in a recent profile about Apple's artificial intelligence efforts, including improved Siri accuracy, app suggestions, and several other examples: You see it when the phone identifies a caller who isn’t in your contact list (but did email you recently). Or when you swipe on your screen to get a shortlist of the apps that you are most likely to open next. Or when you get a reminder of an appointment that you never got around to putting into your calendar. Or when a map location pops up for the hotel you’ve reserved, before you type it in. Or when the phone points you to where you parked your car, even though you never asked it to. These are all techniques either made possible or greatly enhanced by Apple’s adoption of deep learning and neural nets.Apple is seeking data scientists with a minimum of 3 years experience with machine learning, with a focus on deep learning, natural language processing, image applications, recommenders, physical sensors, and signal processing. Turi was designed to help developers build apps with artificial intelligence capabilities that automatically scale. It developed the Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create, and Turi Predictive Services, used for functions like recommendations, fraud detection, sentiment analysis, and more. Apple has expanded its presence in Seattle, so it is likely the new hires will accompany existing Turi employees that have remained in the area. Tags: Apple job listings, Seattle, machine learning, Turi 15 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Schwyz 18 weeks ago All these hires... how about for a new CEO? Rating: 4 Votes infodudeDOTnet 18 weeks ago This shows a great sign of improvements at Apple. Well done! Rating: 2 Votes ike1707 18 weeks ago I'll continue quietly hoping that the Dragon is merely sleeping, and that this lull in the last few years is leading to big news and new and awesome things. Rating: 2 Votes SteveJobs2.0 18 weeks ago Siri + Turi = Suri Apple's grand plan to appeal to India? Rating: 1 Votes Glassed Silver 18 weeks ago Cool. Maybe one day I can actually "date" Siri! ;) Did anyone see this movie? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709/ I knew which movie you talked about before I even opened the link. heh And yeah, I did. Glassed Silver:ios Rating: 1 Votes Col4bin 18 weeks ago Cool. Maybe one day I can actually "date" Siri! ;) Did anyone see this movie? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709/ Rating: 1 Votes busyscott 18 weeks ago Well, that job description is...specific. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 59 minutes ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 3 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 4 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 24 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 139 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 377 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Moody's says too soon to judge Apple tax impact on Ireland rating By Reuters Published: 12:25 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 12:25 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail LONDON, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Rating agency Moody's said on Wednesday it was too soon to say what the impact on Ireland's rating would be of the European Commission's ruling that Apple should pay 13 billion euros ($14.50 billion) in back taxes to Dublin. "As Apple and Ireland both plan to appeal the EU's ruling, it is too early to assess the possible impact of the judgement on Ireland's credit profile," Moody's, which rates Ireland at A3 with a positive outlook, said in a statement. "Once the outcome is clearer, Moody's assessment will take into account not just the impact of higher than expected tax revenues, but also any possible implications for Ireland's corporate tax regime." ($1 = 0.8968 euros) (Reporting by Marc Jones; editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in New York City Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Celebrating 88 years: 1928-2016. Search for: Oldest Irish American Newspaper in USA, established in 1928 Menu Home Articles News & Views Sport Arts & Leisure Editorial Business This Irish America Our Irish World Events Law and Order Awards Top 40 Under 40 Awards Irish Community Champions Awards New York-New Belfast Connect Irish Labor Awards First Responders Awards Golden Bridges Belfast International Homecoming Advertise Media Pack Classifieds Legal Notices Events Listings This Week’s Classified Subscribe Contact About Us Subscribe to the Echo Get In Touch Shop Cart Checkout My Account A summer without a silly season News & Views  /  August 31, 2016  /  By Staff Reporter Home / News & Views 0 Comments FacebookTwitterGoogle+PinterestTumblrLinkedInRedditEmailPrint Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan. ROLLINGNEWS   By Ray O’Hanlon It began with a British vote to leave the European Union and it’s ending with a European Union decision to admonish Ireland over its tax dealings with Apple. You would think that it was the Irish who had told Brussels to take a hike. In the days and weeks following the British referendum, Irish politicians were at pains to remind Europe, the U.S. and the rest of the world that the Republic was as European as, well, pasta if not apple pie. And now comes the Apple verdict from the European commission. Granted, the Commission’s investigation was going on for several years and Brexit had nothing to do with it but Irish leaders would be forgiven for feeling not a little sore over what many see as a gross violation of Irish sovereignty on the part of Brussels   IREXIT anyone? Typically, August is a month when government goes into snooze mode. The Dail is in recess and ministers are wiggling the toes in the sand. Some of them like to point out that it is Irish sand. It would appear that finance minister Michael Noonan was avoiding long beach walks given the alacrity of the response from his department and the Irish Revenue Commissioners to the Brussels verdict. The response was quick, pointed and terse. Said a statement: The Irish Government disagrees profoundly with the Commission’s analysis. Ireland did not give favorable tax treatment to Apple.  Ireland does not do deals with taxpayers. The Irish Minister for Finance will now seek Cabinet approval to appeal the Commission decision to the European Courts. No fine or penalty has been levied against the Irish State. The European Commission has explicitly stated that “this decision does not call into question Ireland’s general tax system or its corporate tax rate”.  No other companies are subject to this decision by the European Commission. No fine or penalty indeed, but rather an awarding of roughly $14.5 billion, taxes that Apple would have to pay the Irish taxpayer for the years covering its presence in a small, green, western and very loyal outpost of the European Union. And not to forget accrued interest. But in this stranger than strange summer, the Irish government finds itself in position of having to appeal against a tax windfall. And even the United States, which has been on Ireland’s back for years over its tax dealings with big American corporations like Apple, has expressed alarm over the European Commission sticking the boot in. Back in Dublin, opposition politicians are clamoring for the government to take the money. Some of the ministers in the propped-up minority administration led by Taoiseach Enda Kennedy, members of the so-called Independent alliance, are uneasy and uncertain. An appeal, to be filed jointly with Apple –  a double entente if you will – would appear to be the most likely next step but the internal politics of the issue are not going to go away. So much for August, for the summer, for the supposed silly season. To borrow from the movie “Jaws,” and with Michael Noonan in mind, the line is “summer’s over Mick and you’re the mayor of corporate shark city.” And that he is. Other articles you may want to read... News & Views By Ray O'HanlonJan 60 O’Malley must exit Park by Inauguration Day U.S. Ambassador to Ireland Kevin O’Malley. RollingNews.ie photo.   By Ray O’Hanlon   And don’t let... Read more News & Views By Evan ShortJan 50 Irish tourism numbers continue to rise Niall Gibbons   By Evan Short     Over 10.5 million overseas visitors arrived in Ireland during 2016,... Read more News & Views By Anthony NeesonJan 40 McGuinness presses, Foster claims misogyny Arlene Foster   By Anthony Neeson   Martin McGuinness has once more called on Northern Ireland’s... Read more Irish Echo Events Advertisement Digital Edition Daily Irish Echo Get In Touch Address: 165 Madison Avenue, Suite 302, New York, NY 10016 Tel: 212-482-4818 Fax: (212) 482-6569 or (212) 482-7394 Follow @https://twitter.com/IrishEcho Recent Comments Billy McComiskey: Irish American Tradition Bearer | Folklife Today on McComiskey is trad artist of 2011 Mike on Irish sovereignty extends only so high Peadar on ’81 plane hijacker reveals Fatima obsession Popular Articles Does President Obama oppose Catholic teachings? February 15, 2012 Dueling bills December 28, 2011 Maureen O'Hara takes a final public bow May 31, 2013 Home Get In Touch Place a Classified © Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.
gizmodo Deadspin Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide Samsung's Gear S3 Is Simply Gigantic Alex Cranz8/31/16 12:00pm Filed to: Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches Wearables Samsung IFA 2016 35 1 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink All images: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Samsung’s just announced a major update to its Gear smartwatch, which is slowly but surely making a name for itself in a space crowded with Apple Watches and fashion pieces loaded with Android Wear. While all of Samsung’s competitors (apart from Apple) have embraced Google’s OS, Samsung continues to passionately beat the drum forits homegrown Tizen platform. This means there are far fewer apps available for the Samsung Gear S3 and it’s predecessor, the Gear S2, and it also means it will only really work with a Samsung phone. Yet if you’ve got such a phone in hand the Samsung Gears S3 could be your new (giant) smartwatch. Both dust and water resistant with a rating of IP68. There’s a myriad of improvements that the new Samsung Gear S3 has over the already pretty great Samsung Gear S2. The latest smartwatch from Samsung is fashioned to look more like a watch the previous Gear iterations, its watch face is protected from damage with the new Gorilla Glass 3 (reportedly as durable as Sapphire glass), the battery is larger (380 mA versus 250 mA), and Samsung Pay is built right in now. There’s the traditional NFC that other pay by phone/watch services use, and the newer MST, which lets the watch function more like your card and should, theoretically, be available at more locations than NFC (Samsung made such a claim during it’s briefing for the Gear S3). Advertisement The watch also picks up a neat trick from the excellent Gear Fit 2 and lets you sideload up to 4GB of music or stream directly from Spotify. But the Samsung Gear S3's most eye catching feature is its size. The Samsung Gear S3 is HUGE. The Gear S2 on the left and Gear S3 on the right It’s 46mm wide. That’s 4mm wider than the Gear S2 and 8mm wider than my already large (for a slender wrist person) 38mm Apple Watch. For perspective, the average men’s watch is somewhere between 40mm and 42mm now days and the average woman’s watch rests comfortably in the 28-32mm range. Advertisement In other words the Samsung Gear S3 is a big honking beast—sitting firmly in the watch size range of prestige time pieces from places like Breitling and Uboat. When strapped to your wrist the Gear S3 will, undoubtedly, be a statement piece, but without the goofy rectangular flash of the most popular smartwatch on the market. The current Samsung wearable line up. From top to bottom: Gear S3, Gear Fit 2, and Gear S2. And that desire to be a prestige piece is what I kept coming back to while being briefed on the watch. The Samsung Gear S3 will come in two versions that are identical beyond outward appearances: a rugged darker number labeled Frontier, and a traditional stainless steel one labeled Classic. From afar they’re gorgeous timepieces, and the ability to customize the watch face (a huge bulk of the 10,000 apps available on the Gear’s app store are for customization) means you can make it look like the $10,000 Brietling you covet. But cool customizations and paying for stuff with a swipe of your watch can’t hide the fact that this thing is a hoss. If you’ve got a slim wrist expect to look like you’re wearing a parental figure’s hand me down when this watch is available later this year (no word yet on pricing). [Samsung] Alex Cranz alex.cranz@gizmodo.com @alexhcranz Reviews Editor. Trained her dog to do fist bumps. Once wrote for Lifetime. PGP Fingerprint: 15CD 5B3F 4269 E64F 20B7 4245 098C F3A9 3667 02|PGP Key The Competition Samsung Gear Fit2 Is a Genuinely Great Blend of Smartwatch and Fitness Tracker Tag Heuer Connected Review: A Great $300 Smartwatch For Five Times The Price Huawei Watch Review: I Love This Snazzy Piece, But Not That Price Gear from Kinja Deals Cuisinart's Griddler Combines Three (or Four) Kitchen Appliances Into One Device Portable Battery Packs For Your Laptop Are Finally a Reality Give Your Home Theater a Boost With This Discounted Vizio Sound Bar Reply35 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Sploid So Why Do Action Movies Make Actresses Fight Like This? Today 5:10pm The Slot Pat Toomey Staffer Allegedly Ends Call With Constituent After She Uses 'Graphic' Word 'Menstruation' Today 5:10pm Deadspin Atlanta Hawks GM Makes Joke About Angry Black Women At Fan Event Today 12:08pm Recent from Alex Cranz 18 2.7K Gizmodo · Alex Cranz Razer's Project Ariana Is the Biggest Gaming Idea We've Seen in a While 58 minutes ago 2 25 4.8K Gizmodo · Alex Cranz In 2017 the TV Is Just a Fancy Ass Computer Display Today 7:11pm 5 83 36.5K Gizmodo · Alex Cranz Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable Yesterday 7:48pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pictured: Florida 'air rage' gunman, 26, who 'argued with passengers' before taking gun from luggage and executing five in baggage hall - as it's revealed he was treated at mental hospital after telling FBI he was forced to fight for ISIS Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia hacking had 'no effect' on the election - despite intelligence report claiming Putin 'ordered influence campaign' to help him win Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit card debt Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  Final farewell to two Hollywood icons: Carrie Fisher's ashes arrive in a Prozac-pill urn as she is laid to rest with mother Debbie Reynolds at funeral attended by mourners including Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show that led to death threats against their leader David Miscavige Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse because he 'was the soul of Hitler' Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from the disabled, schizophrenic victim's mother during the ordeal  Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land your dream career) Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it disappeared over a week ago America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in California Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they shared with their 7-YEAR-OLD CHILD  'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' pedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn't act on his impulses' reveals he's happily married Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's claimed one life so far Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims REVEALED: Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police wins $4.4million settlement, the city's largest payout in history Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as she floated in her car' Previous Next MPs urge Theresa May to take advantage of the EU's 'Mugabe-like' Apple tax ruling by attracting US tech giants to Britain after Brexit EU ordered Apple to pay back £11bn in tax to Ireland over 'sweetheart deal' Tory MP Jacob Rees Mogg tells MailOnline that Britain can offer firms like Apple 'certainty' after Brexit Ukip MP Douglas Carswell says UK can benefit by offering 'low, fair taxation' when we leave the EU Silicon Valley firms says they'll 're-evaluate their relationship with Europe'  By Matt Dathan, Political Correspondent For Mailonline Published: 06:48 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 11:00 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail 181 shares 369 View comments MPs urged Theresa May to take advantage of the EU's controversial ruling to order Apple to pay back £11billion in tax to Ireland by attracting the tech giant to invest in the UK after Brexit.  They joined Silicon Valley firms in venting their fury against the EU for the decision, which accused Apple of unduly benefiting from tax breaks in Ireland over the last two decades.  The move will lead many tech firms to 're-evaluate their relationship with Europe,' one Silicon Valley company said.  And British MPs want Britain to benefit by offering 'low, fair taxation' to firms such as Apple when it leaves the EU.  Jacob Rees Mogg, Tory MP and member of the influential Treasury select committee, told MailOnline that the UK could win lucrative investment by offering multinationals 'certainty' after cutting ties with Brussels. Tory MP Jacob Rees Mogg (left) and Ukip MP Douglas Carswell (right) told MailOnline that Theresa May should make a bold offer to tech firms such as Apple to invest in the UK after the EU's controversial ruling to order the iPhone giant to pay back £11billion in tax to Ireland Apple, which has a base in Cork, pictured, must repay £11billion ($14.5bn) in unpaid tax because the EU says its sweetheart tax deal with Ireland amounted to state aid 'We'll be able to collect tax from who we want rather than who the EU tells us to,' he said.  'What we can do is give people certainty, which is what businesses want, because if we did a deal with a multinational that we really, really wanted to come to the UK, nobody could overall us and the company would know that this is the law. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'We don't want ¿13bn Apple tax windfall': Irish government... US treasury's fury at Apple tax ruling in Europe as they... Who's next in the firing line? Google, Amazon, McDonald's... Britain opens the door to Apple: Downing Street says iPhone... Share this article Share 181 shares 'Whereas Poor Ireland made this deal in good faith with Apple years ago and now discovers that they're not in charge of their own tax affairs.'  The US Treasury has made no secret of its disapproval of European investigations into Apple's taxes. Even before the EU Commission's ruling was announced it released a 25-page report on last week, accusing Brussels of undermining the international tax system by straying away from international norms. The Treasury also decried the commission's 'retroactive' investigations, saying such investigations would harm tax certainty and set an undesirable precedent in other countries.  APPLE CUTS IN EUROPE COULD BE DEVASTATING  More than 22,000 people in Europe are employed directly by Apple and around 1.4million more rely on them for money, the tech giant claims. Parts for its phones, tablets, computers and watches are put together with the help of 4,700 suppliers based in 23 countries. More than 6,500 people in Britain are employed directly by Apple - the highest number in the EU - followed by 5,500 each in Germany and Ireland. In Europe there are more than 100 official Apple stores employing an average of 100 people each and there are 600 smaller Apple Premium Resellers across Europe that offer the complete range of Apple products. Away from direct sales Apple also has more than one million registered app developers making money through the App Store. Experts believe that a post-Brexit Britain - with an economy free from Brussels - could be able to attract companies such as Apple with its own tax deals. After the EU yesterday ruled its 'sweetheart deal' with Ireland amounted to illegal state aid, Apple threatened to cut EU jobs and investment.  The £11billion it has been ordered to pay back in back tax is the biggest tax bill ever imposed outside the US.   Ukip MP Douglas Carswell said the ruling would not look out of place in Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe.  He told MailOnline: 'The EU has not only failed to produce its equivalent of Apple, or Google or Facebook or any of the other digital giants but it's parasiting off them by basically using them as a cash cow for taxes. 'What we should do is when we leave is to offer these businesses low, fair taxation. 'That doesn't mean we won't tax them – we will – but it will be low and it won't be arbitrary.  'This is what's outrageous about the EU's position. It is a totally arbitrary, retrospective decision. It's the sort of decision you'd expect to find a medieval monarch making – 'by the way you owe all this money'.' He added: 'It's no way to attract business. This is one of the wonderful things about leaving the EU – it means we're going to have to get our own tax house in order. 'For decades we've had muppets like George Osborne and Gordon Brown running it and the tax system has become hideously complex. 'If we leave, we're going to have to make it more attractive by simplifying it.  'You can't retrospectively, arbitrarily impose tax in the way they've done it. You would expect Robert Mugabe's government to behave like this.'  The European Commission's three-year investigation into Apple's sweetheart deal with Ireland concluded today with a damning report which said the tech giant paid as little as 0.005 per cent tax by funnelling its non-US profits through its Irish headquarters - which has no staff or premises - then on to its $178billion (£120bn) offshore fund.  Experts agreed that the ruling could lead Apple to move to Britain.   Neil Wilson, markets analyst at ETX Capital, said: 'The European Commission seems to be treading very close to interfering with the tax rules of member states, effectively telling Ireland how much tax it ought to levy. It's also increasingly becoming a supra-national tax judge. 'Britain could benefit. If Ireland cannot offer sweetheart deals within the EU, the City of London can perhaps offer something more appealing outside the bloc.'  Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager (pictured) unveiled a 130-page report into Apple's Irish tax affairs yesterday and said it allowed Apple to pay as little as 0.005% tax Silicon Valley firms also signalled Britain could be a winner from the EU's landmark ruling yesterday as they review their position in EU member states.  Om Malik, from venture capital firm True Ventures, told the Guardian: 'Instead of saying 'going forward, this won't be allowed' – which seems more fair – the EU is trying to change the rules of the game retroactively. It makes little sense to me.  'If they change the rules going forward, that's their prerogative. These companies have been complying with the Irish rules. Now a lot of them will have to re-evaluate their relationships with Europe.'  Asked whether the Prime Minister believed the Commission decision amounted to good news for the UK post-Brexit, as it would make EU states less able to use competitive tax policies to attract inward investment, a Downing Street spokesman said: 'In terms of offering a low-tax environment, the UK already does that. 'Our Corporation Tax is one of the lowest in the world. We are committed to making the trading condition for companies in Britain as positive for them as it can be as long as it's positive for the country as a whole.' Asked whether the Government would like to see Apple relocate in the UK post-Brexit, a No 10 spokesman added: 'The narrative from the Government has been well set out. Britain is open for business, we would welcome any company wishing to invest in Britain.' He stressed that all companies registered in the UK are expected to 'pay the tax they owe'.  But as the European Commission stepped up its crackdown on corporate tax avoidance, its president Jean Claude Juncker came under further pressure over the 'sweetheart' tax deals his Luxembourg government struck with large multinationals including McDonald's, Amazon and Starbucks during his spell as the country's Prime Minister.   But the US Treasury has warned Brussels not to pursue American companies over tax avoidance amid warnings that McDonald's, Google and Amazon could be next. Share or comment on this article e-mail 181 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (368) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over 'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow     DON'T MISS Release of Carrie Fisher's autopsy results delayed by Los Angeles coroner's office one day before she is laid to rest alongside her mother, Debbie Reynolds In-Zayn! UK TV presenter Bradley Walsh BEATS former One Direction star Malik to be named the UK's biggest selling debut artist of 2016 Time to reject the tyranny of make-up? More and more women are ditching cosmetics - led by celebs like Helen Mirren - but would YOU dare join them?  Kate Beckinsale looks oh so chic in flirty strapless top while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars in New York Slipped into a flowing and strapless blouse Thanking her Lucky Stars! Madonna, 58, takes a nasty tumble on the slopes during family ski trip to Switzerland... but luckily 'toyboy beau, 25,' misses embarrassing fall Doutzen Kroes flaunts her impeccably toned abs in a skimpy crop top as she smoulders in sportswear campaign She works hard to maintain her figure Get a leg up! As Sarah Jessica Parker adds some flair to her outfits with statement-making hosiery, FEMAIL rounds up the season's hottest styles to ensure all eyes are looking down  Zayn Malik launches his debut footwear collection with Giuseppe Zanotti as the Italian designer hails the former boy band member a 'fashion icon' Furry glamorous! Naomi Campbell wraps up in a luxurious coat as she hints at writing an autobiography during Today visit British beauty 'It scares me every single time!' Connie Britton admits she fears singing but still feels 'it's been the most exciting part of' Nashville It frightens her EXCLUSIVE: RHOA star Phaedra Parks is slapped with a lien against $1.3m Georgia mansion by ex Apollo Nida, warning her not to sell the property He's a big star! Jamie Foxx wears inflatable sumo wrestler costume for hilarious charades game with Ellen DeGeneres Acting out clues Nicole Murphy subtly showcases her incredible figure in a skintight monochrome ensemble as she enjoys an evening out on the town EXCLUSIVE: Lady Gaga and Katy Perry dragged into Kesha's sex assault case as court orders Tic Tok singer to show Dr Luke an intriguing secret text Can writing on your wobbly bits help you learn to love them? Six women with 'bingo wings, saggy knees and post baby boobs' highlight their most despised body part  'I just want to send an apology': Soulja Boy says sorry for beef with Chris Brown and insists he wants to 'make music with him' Heartfelt apology This Is Us star Chrissy Metz 'denies having gastric bypass surgery' after she was seen using a wheelchair at LAX  Recovering from injury Not now darling, I'm working! Pregnant Marion Cotillard playfully rolls her eyes at beau Guillaume Canet as he gets hands-on at film photocall Billy Bush poses with book, 'A**holes: A Theory' and jokes the book was written about him in photo three months after hot mic recording was leaked 'I'm ready to tell everything!': Ray J reveals he will be spilling the beans on his infamous sex tape with former flame Kim Kardashian on CBB Survivor: Gabon star Dan Kay, 40, mysteriously dies on New Year's Eve His death is 'not being investigated by the police for foul play' EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry has met his girlfriend Meghan Markle's father who is 'proud' of his daughter's relationship, reveals her brother Life's a treasure! Pirates Of The Caribbean star Brenton Thwaites enjoys downtime on the Gold Coast with girlfriend and baby daughter Birdie ahead of a huge 2017 Booty-ful holiday! Kylie Jenner poses up a storm in racy swimsuits while on sunshine break with her BFF The besties showed off their sensational curves Playing with fire! Eva Longoria sizzles in red hot bathing suit during holiday in Mexico  Took to Instagram to share a snap of herself wearing a bathing suit Diary disaster! Kylie Jenner's 2017 calendar prints the WRONG date of the reality star's own birthday... 10 days too late Quite a big mistake 'Thank you Snoop Dogg!': Willie Nelson receives ultimate Christmas sweater from fellow pot enthusiast Very personal Christmas gift Salon in your sitting room! FEMAIL finds out that when it comes to blow-dries, facials and even teeth polishing, you no longer need to leave home to be pampered  'She's the only one I trust' Emma Thompson, 57, dropped from size 10 to a 6 in just six weeks, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge's diet guru  Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC Keeping warm George Michael's partner Fadi Fawaz is seen for the first time since claiming his Twitter was 'hacked' after tweets were sent saying star was suicidal 'I'll miss you George Michael': James Corden pays tribute to the late pop icon as he recalls filming the first ever Carpool Karaoke with him Working it out: Anthony Anderson's wife Alvina cancels proceedings more than a year after filing for divorce Seems she's had a change of heart Monochrome maven! Vanessa Hudgens steps out for coffee in white dungarees... as she performs first ever duet with BFF Ashley Tisdale Coffee run Halle Berry 'rushed to finalise divorce' from Olivier Martinez before 2017 due to 'pending contracts and deals' Didn't want ex getting slice of her deals Naked Rita Ora gets wet and wild on Snapchat as she films herself while enjoying a bubble bath... as she admits she struggles with body confidence Wigging out! Blac Chyna goes platinum blonde as she wears nothing but a leather jacket and fishnets in teaser for photoshoot Blondes have more fun It's a boy! 'Thrilled' Janet Jackson gives birth to her first child at 50 Hitmaker and her husband welcomed their son Eissa Al Mana  Pretty in plum! Princess Mary shows off her thrifty side by stepping out in flowing cape for the second time in four days Danish royal 'I am my mom's best friend': Incredible bond between Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds explored in trailer for HBO documentary about their relationship A new series of Will and Grace is set to return without Debbie Reynolds - but what happened to the other stars of the hit during its 10 year break? New addition! Maksim Chmerkovskiy and fiancée Peta Murgatroyd announce birth of first child She confirmed her pregnancy to in June. Dorit Kemsley racks up another enemy and clashes with Eileen Davidson on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Not making friends She's an ace! Maria Sharapova shows off fabulously toned physique in tiny black bikini as suspended tennis pro vacations in Hawaii Tiffany Trump shares throwback snap of herself and Democrat boyfriend Ross inside dad Donald's lavish bash, after she walked the red carpet alone Ivanka set to move to D.C. house that's just two blocks away from the Obamas' post-presidency digs  New first family gears up for the big move 'This was a tough decision for me': Megyn Kelly gets emotional on air as she suggests NBC move will allow her to spend more time with her children Smile that says she's leaving: Megyn Kelly heads to the studio hours after announcing she's moving to NBC 'after Fox SNUBBED her $25m demand'  Muhammad Ali's $80m will is set to ignite 'World War Three' among his nine children and widow after it is revealed she is to receive double the $6m they have been left Signed, sealed and delivering one last hurrah! 'Stevie Wonder, Beyonce and Oprah to attend Obamas' final star-studded party' before they leave Covered up! 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk hides her tummy under baggy hoodie as rumors continue she's expecting baby with beau Bradley Cooper Powerhouse! Margot Robbie makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list after bumper year in Hollywood made her 2016's fourth highest-grossing actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers 'becomes a first-time father as he welcomes son Wolf with fiancée Mara Lane' It is believed she gave birth at home 'I'm lucky to have her': Ryan Reynolds credits wife Blake Lively for 'keeping me sane' through anxiety attacks The 40-year-old is a Golden Globe nominee  On the night feeds? New dad Russell Brand appears worn out as he enjoys low-key stroll... after welcoming daughter Mabel two months ago Bundled up for baby! Pregnant Natalie Portman glows as she steps out in winter clothes for lunch in Los Angeles ahead of busy awards season Trump's spin doctor, Kylie Jenner and YouTuber Tyler Oakley are named among the world's most powerful millennials in new Forbes list  Joining the braid-y bunch! Patrick Schwarzenegger shows off cornrow hairdo as he suns himself with model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Put down your fork after three bites and greet people with a kiss: Etiquette expert reveals Duchess Kate's rules for hosting a successful party Looking all white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her phenomenal beach body in monochrome bikini on Instagram She looks ready for the beach  George Kosana, who played the sheriff in zombie classic Night of the Living Dead, is dead at 81 Died at his home in his home in Pennsylvania 'Times does heal': Khloe Kardashian hopes sister Kim will focus on 'family' and 'her own happiness' in 2017 Says she has had to 'redefine her priorities'  Expensive taste! Lily-Rose Depp shops at Chanel with boyfriend Ash Stymest in Beverly Hills The duo enjoyed some retail therapy Snoop Dogg's bodyguard tackles mentally-ill man at comedian Ricky Harris' funeral He died age 51 of a heart attack  What a blast! Kourtney Kardashian's son Mason Disick playfully wields yellow toy gun while running errands with mom She's a mom-of-three Now that's hot yoga! Shirtless Scott Eastwood shows off chiselled torso and buff arms as he performs headstands on set of Pacific Rim Back to work! Jessica Alba is rock chic perfection in edgy biker jacket and skinny jeans as she grabs coffee following Hawaiian getaway KATIE HOPKINS: Mariah Carey is a glitter-covered, camel-toed diva and her New Year's Eve debacle is the greatest thing I've ever seen Joanna Krupa sizzles in emerald cutout bikini as she gets in a paddle boarding workout in Miami Former Real Housewives Of Miami star 'She's like a slippery, greased pig': Kenya Moore calls out Phaedra Parks and Erika Jayne performs on WWHL Never one to hold back how she feels 'I have to focus on my spiritual self': Kesha says she's taking 'a break' from the internet as she steps out in LA Has had a turbulent few years Driving into the new year! Iggy Azalea looks white-hot in tight trousers as she goes to the department of motor vehicles A different gear Mistress of understatement! Denise Richards muses on 'a colourful year' as she shares photo of family dinner with Charlie Sheen 'Sun's Out Buns Out!' Madison Beer makes a statement in tight swimsuit as she frolics on the beach with boyfriend Jack Gilinsky Back on the beach Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt seen dining in Beverly Hills four days after his late wife's memorial service Heartbreaking times British public slam Channel 5 for featuring mostly Americans on new series of Celebrity Big Brother as the likes of Ray J, Jasmine Waltz and Speidi enter house EXCLUSIVE: 'It's all going to kick off': Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is returning to CBB for an 'explosive' showdown with her ex Ray J So that's what the Kardashian camp thinks of Ray J! Jonathan Cheban calls Kim's sex tape ex a loser in Twitter rant as he enters UK reality show Wonder who they are cheering! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner watch her rumoured lover Jordan Clarkson's LA Lakers Courtside romance Heating up the beach! Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro kisses basketball player Jared Homan during tropical getaway A passionate embrace Broadway beauty! Mel B displays dancer legs in fishnet tights as she wows the crowd with her role as Roxie Hart in Chicago And all that jazz! Loving star Ruth Negga stuns in silver as she presents director Jeff Nichols with Variety's Creative Impact Award Simply stunning Green with envy! Chloe Lattanzi strikes a VERY sultry pose for a selfie inside a hydroponics room... after starting her marijuana farm business 'Slidin with my girl!': Hilary Duff shows off slim figure in retro swimsuit as she enjoys a water ride with her niece  Bonding time Kylie Jenner denies posting 'very personal' details about 'lingerie and toys' sex life with Tyga... and quits working on her paid app Going for gold! Michelle Williams wins best supporting actress at New York Film Critics Circle Awards The Manchester By The Sea star  'No, that's disgusting!' Kate Gosselin gets shut down while planning 16th birthday party for twins on Kate Plus 8 Had full on meltdown on show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, puts on an amorous display with wife Nancy Shevell, 57, as she flaunts her fantastic figure in swimsuit PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, is ever the doting dad as he dries off daughter Stella, 45, after her dip in the ocean during St. Barts getaway 'Ain't she f***in fabulous?': Paris Jackson reveals her 'badass mom' Debbie Rowe has completed chemo as she shares defiant photo Make-up free Ruby Rose looks radiant as she shows off her new auburn hair while running errands in Beverly Hills A new 'do Sia releases creepy new music video for her Lion track Never Give Up featuring two faceless children She's famous for being camera shy Puppy love! Selma Blair and son Arthur adopt a new four-legged family member as they kick off the New Year Her little boy appeared smitten Animal strength! Hugh Jackman does a crazy handstand on his ELBOWS proving the X-Men hunk is still in top Wolverine form Instagram video  'This is a really emotional evening for me': Nicole Kidman moved to tears as she pays tribute to late father at Palm Springs Film Festival  '2nd day still going': Prince Jackson takes to Instagram and provides status update of epic tattoo still underway The 19-year-old son of the late pop star Michael Protective papa! Alec Baldwin shields his son Rafael from the rain with an umbrella as they go for a stroll in NYC Walking on the soggy city streets Oink oink! Bella Thorne and sister Dani show off their flawless bikini bodies as they cuddle up to swine on Pig Beach The 19-year-old actress took to Snapchat  'I was mortified': Mariah Carey speaks out over New Year's Eve epic lip syncing meltdown on live television Breaks her silence EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Recovering from a 'heavy cold' the Queen has been trying homeopathic cures She missed Christmas Day mass Tat's gotta hurt! Sofia Richie squirms as she ensures her tattoos get a touch up for the New Year while on NYC vacation Little makeover Olivia Newton-Johns' daughter Chloe Lattanzi narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction as she shares VERY racy photo Posing up Recovering from New Year? Bella Hadid keeps it casual as she flashes her toned abs in sweatpants while grabbing a coffee with brother Anwar 'We hope she enjoys tremendous success': Murdoch wishes Megyn Kelly well after she rejects $20m Fox News contract to take 'triple role' at NBC  Glow for the gold! Caitlyn Jenner shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut golden gown as her latest make-up collection with MAC is revealed Ashlee Simpson flaunts bronzed legs on jet-set vacation to Mexico with Evan Ross and family over New Year's Vacation time 'Never give up': Cody Simpson's Kim Kardashian lookalike 'ex' Constance Siaflas reveals her impressive body transformation Quick selfie 'I couldn't afford a trainer': Chris Pratt recalls being called 'too fat' for Moneyball role and how he dropped the weight all by himself The 37-year-old actor  'He loved my brother and my brother loved him': Family of George Michael's Australian model boyfriend slam friend's claims he was a 'LEECH' Ready for bed! Kate Beckinsale looks sartorially chic in silky pink pyjama-inspired ensemble and towering heels as she touches down at JFK Fabulous at 48! Fresh-faced Christy Turlington looks chic on trip around Manhattan after fellow Nineties supermodels wish her a happy birthday Let's roll! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take daughter Luna for a walk while on holiday in St. Barts Legend is celebrating his 38th birthday 'I'm taking steps to better my life': Heather Locklear addresses rumors she's in rehab again The former Melrose Place star, 55 Doutzen Kroes enjoys another day of sunshine bliss in skimpy string bikini The 31-year-old model strutted her stuff on Miami Beach Track Palin's ex-girlfriend files for FULL custody of their three-month-old child Jordan Loewe is 'concerned' about her and the child's safety She's got expensive taste! Rebel Wilson totes a designer backpack worth over $8k as she arrives at Sydney airport  She's a funnywoman Back to reality! Sofia Vergara And Joe Manganiello jet home after luxury stay in Bora Bora  They have been enjoying an island vacation Holidays are over! Model Megan Blake Irwin cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Adelaide Airport Scott Disick's rumoured ex Forced back! Star Wars: Han Solo release date 'delayed seven months' following new casting announcements May not be released until December 2018 Bikini babe Jessica Hart puts on a busty display in first photo shoot as she marks her return to Seafolly She has graced the cover of Australian Vogue Bringing the pain! Rapper T-Pain announces Australia and New Zealand tour after last appearance Down Under was cancelled because he didn't receive payment 'Who the hell argues with Whitney Houston?' UK CBB fans express fury over Stacy Francis entering house as they recall her row with late singer over Ray J... just two days before death Looking fly, girl! Kylie Jenner teams sheer high-cut bodysuit with comfy sweatpants for private jet trip The 19-year-old knows how to travel in style Kylie Jenner makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list to become the only teenage Retail & Ecommerce entrepreneur She is just 19 That's a cute couple! Zayn Malik shares first selfies of 2017 with Gigi Hadid as he posts tender collage on Instagram They're not camera shy Veteran TV and stage director Jeffrey Hayden dies at 90 following year-long battle with cancer He directed early live TV plays with stars including James Dean  'I'm so grateful I met Ruckus': Shanina Shaik reveals she's 'so happy' to put 'bad relationships' behind her ahead of marriage plans  She's loved up Leaked recording reveals Rockettes boss telling them they should perform at Trump's inauguration as 'it's a historical moment' but the dancers continue to push back against him 'The fact that the song is about Zayn doesn't cross my mind!' Malik's cousin declares her love for Perrie Edwards' hit Shout Out To My Ex... despite it 'mocking his sexual prowess' 'The perfect fit!': Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler announced as the new face of Australian youth fashion label Portmans  Catwalk queen 'She's trying to extend her 15 minutes of fame': Johnny Depp's legal team blast Amber Heard's bid for bigger settlement  Ugly divorce continues January Jones has 'no regrets' about raising son Xander as a single mother and would 'love to do it again'... but she's less enthusiastic about the prospect of dating 'It's important for women to stand up and fight back': Gretchen Carlson talks about the need to empower females on Today in return to TV  'Everyone knows I've had struggles!' Oprah talks about losing 42lbs and finally getting her weight under control as she promotes her cookbook The size 4 (and ever so slightly smug) club: Struggling to squeeze into your clothes after Christmas? Take some tips from the women who ALWAYS stay slim Celine Dion puts five bedroom home in Paris on market for $9.3million... one year after death of husband Rene Angelil Her private mansion  Today's headlines Most Read Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he... Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia's hacks had 'no effect' on the election - despite... Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit... Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor... Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that... Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against... Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse... Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat,... Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from... Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land... Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it... America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in... Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they... 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13... Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's... Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient... Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first... Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police gets a $4.4million settlement Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as... Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest... 'What is it they're afraid of?' Obama asks why GOP is rushing health care repeal but delaying a replacement... Trump insists election-year cyber attacks had 'absolutely no effect' on election results as he stays mum on... Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to... More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated... MORE HEADLINES Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's not their fault: Expert claims 'every child wins a prize' and social media has left Gen Y unable to deal with the real world Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after live-streaming torture of white disabled man who they held prisoner for days before he escaped - as cops reveal they have shown NO remorse Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where Barack, Michelle and Sasha will live after leaving the White House  Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio reveals he was molested as a child, battled cocaine addiction and lost his Soho apartment and life savings when boss Nick Denton 'threw him under the bus during Hulk Hogan lawsuit'  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back yard exactly what it is: a Trump-hating race crime against a defenseless white man by young black Americans who shame their country 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful New Year video which shows him firing guns and posing on private jets  EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed within days as Obama starts mass transfer of fanatics who have threatened to bomb and behead Americans 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn’t act on his impulses' reveals why his British wife has stood by him  The demon of Arizona: Terrifying image shows 'winged creature' caught on camera by unsuspecting photographer  Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against thier leader David Miscavige Liberal heckler who accosted Ivanka Trump on a JetBlue flight hides his face from a reporter at his Brooklyn home as he's seen for the first time since he hurled abuse at her Professional slackliner rescues a man hanging unconscious by the neck from his backpack by climbing a tower and sliding 30 feet across ski lift cable Mexico WILL pay for the wall: US taxpayers will put up the money 'for sake of speed' but Trump insists it will be 'paid back by Mexico later' Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  'His father had been touching him down there': The Menendez Brothers' cousin breaks her silence claiming the boys were being molested before they brutally murdered their parents 'Despicable': President Obama condemns black teens who live-streamed tortured of white disabled man on Facebook while yelling 'f*** white people' - but DENIES race relations are getting worse Will Megyn Kelly, 46, 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, as the lead anchor on Today? Rumors abound at NBC after $15m-a-year deal Mystery as engine drops out of B-52 bomber during Air Force training mission over wildlife refuge in North Dakota  Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to concentrate on his new job after the president-elect mocked show and called himself 'ratings machine, DJT'  More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated Bill 'like part of his family' Mother who killed her five-year-old son in 1991 and convinced police that he went missing at a carnival is jailed for 30 years Enraged boyfriend burst into the home of Montana senator's nephew and brutally butchered him with an ax 'because he assaulted his 17-year-old ex-girlfriend' Thanks but no thanks: Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Transformers Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Samsung launches Gear S3 smartwatch amid rumors of a new Apple Watch Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Wednesday, 31 Aug 2016 | 12:00 PM ET SHARES Samsung launched the Gear S3 smartwatch on Wednesday as it looked to steal a march on Apple and its heavily-anticipated update of its wearable. The Gear S3 comes in two versions - the "Frontier" aimed at more active users and the "Classic" which has a more refined feel. Some of the key specs include: A rotating bezel that allows users to carry out actions such as answering calls It runs Tizen, Samsung's own operating system, which currently has 10,000 apps for the Gear S3 available A number of sensors - accelerometer, gyrometer, barometer and heart rate monitor Three-to-four-day battery life with modes to help conserve power Wireless charging 1.3 inch screen which supports Samsung's "always on display" allowing the watchface to constantly be on rather than lighting up when it's touched or moved Samsung launches new smart watch    Wednesday, 31 Aug 2016 | 5:59 AM ET | 01:20 ‹ 01:20 Samsung launches new smart watch    08/31/16 5:59 AM ET 02:42 Samsung shares slide on shipping delays    09/01/16 12:19 AM ET 05:02 Can Samsung edge out Apple?    08/24/16 3:18 PM ET › The South Korean electronics giant said it would continue making the previous version of its smartwatch, the Gear S2. While the Gear S3 requires tethering to an Android smartphone to use connected features such as calls, Samsung is also releasing an embedded SIM version in some markets. This would mean users would be able to leave their phone untethered but still make calls, reply to texts and use internet services on their smartwatch. The Gear S3 will be shipped in the fourth quarter of 2016 but Samsung has yet to release pricing and details of where it will be launched. The unveiling at the IFA technology showcase in Berlin comes as Samsung's U.S. rival Apple is rumored to belaunching the Apple Watch 2 at an event on September 7, where the iPhone 7 is also expected to be unveiled. Arjun Kharpal Samsung demonstrates the ruggedness of the Gear S3 "Frontier" by putting it in sand at a demo at the IFA consumer electronics show in Berlin, 2016. Amid a recent turnaround in its smartphone fortunes, Samsung has been looking to build an ecosystem of products from the GearVR virtual reality headset to a 360 degree camera. The Gear S3 is the latest addition to the portfolio, as Samsung looks to these new devices to drive growth in the future amid a slowing smartphone market. The Gear S3 launch also comes after Samsung this month reported unprecedented demand for its newly-announced Note7 device. However, the smartwatch market has not really taken off the way many had predicted. In the second quarter of 2016, smartwatch shipments fell 32 percent year-on-year, according to IDC which said it was the first decline on record. Samsung however saw shipments rise over 50 percent in that period, but its market share of 16 percent is well behind the 47 percent boasted by Apple. Arjun Kharpal Samsung Gear S3 "Classic" Despite the uncertain future for smartwatches, analysts said that the Gear S3 shows Samsung's commitment to the market. "It is the most watch-like Gear product Samsung has launched, one of the big criticisms that has been levelled at Samsung is that they are taking design cues from the consumer electronics industry rather than design. You could argue previous watches were more akin to geek wear," Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight, told CNBC by phone. "I'd say that the jury is still out whether there is mass market consumer demand for full touch smartwatches. But this is Samsung's best effort to date in terms of tapping into that market." Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 KuriRobot DellCanvas ProjectValerie CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Desktops/ Saying Farewell to Tekserve and Paying Big Bucks for Tech History Saying Farewell to Tekserve and Paying Big Bucks for Tech History By Jon Kalish August 31, 2016 08:00am EST 10 Comments Before Tekserve closed its doors, the iconic Manhattan repair shop auctioned off the classic tech lining its walls. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY In 1987, 14 years before the first Apple Store opened, two former engineers from a decidedly anti-establishment radio station started fixing Macs on the side, and an independent repair shop called Tekserve was born. Over the course of nearly 30 years, they gained a cult following among Mac users with a Manhattan store that featured an eclectic mix of antique technology and quirky displays of the modern stuff; the antithesis of the antiseptic Apple Store interior. But earlier this month, Tekserve closed its doors, a victim of sky high commercial rents and intense retail competition. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY "Tekserve was a planet unto itself," said Chester Higgins, Jr., a loyal customer who spent 40 years as a staff photographer at The New York Times. "When I have a problem with a computer, I want to get it fixed as quickly as possible so I can get back into my workflow. Nobody had the turnaround time that Tekserve had." And apparently nobody had Tekserve's design sense, which many attributed to co-founder Dick Demenus. Visitors to the cavernous storefront marveled at the scores of antique radios, old microphones, and electrical meters lining the walls. A room devoted to pro audio had glass doors that came from The Sands casino in Las Vegas. Visitors could buy an 8oz. bottle of Coke for a nickel from a 1950's vending machine. Customers waiting to see an intake technician in the service department would take a decidedly analog deli counter ticket and watch for their number to be displayed on old Macs kept alive from the 1980s. Apple CEO Tim Cook once visited Tekserve and declared it "interesting," according to the store's co-founder, David Lerner. But Tekserve was a funky counterpoint to the Apple Store aesthetic, which Demenus argued has no hint of history. "I want to respect those who came before," said Demenus. "And whether it's a typewriter or an electron tube or a radio, those technologies in those disciplines are what built the foundation for what came next. And what came next was computers." The Mac Museum Finds a New Home In the back of the store, every model of the Mac ever made was displayed behind a glass partition with a timeline in Tekserve's Mac Museum. The collection was purchased for $47,000 at an auction held last week. Among the 35 computers was a NeXT Cube developed by Steve Jobs after he left Apple in 1985; a 20th Anniversary Mac; and a Macintosh 128k signed by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak. Will Roland, director of special projects for Manhattan-based Roland Auctions, declined to identify the purchaser of the Mac museum or what the plans were for them. He would only say that the new owner was a Silicon Valley start-up (see more in the slideshow above). Most of the collection was acquired over the last 30 years by Demenus, who frequented auctions and yard sales in the Catskills near his country home. Demenus accumulated so much stuff that one visitor described his collecting style as "controlled hoarding." An upcoming episode of the reality TV show American Pickers will feature Demenus's collection, which also fills his loft a few doors down from the Tekserve storefront. Demenus told PCMag that he's currently in "divestiture mode," but adds with a mischievous chuckle, "I kept the stuff I really liked." The auction was conducted before a live audience in the store and hundreds of online bidders, and it showed that Apple fanboys are willing to shell out big bucks for Apple swag. A pair of folding director chairs with the Apple logo on them went for $800. A "Think Different" poster featuring a photo of a young Bob Dylan fetched $1,600. Other computer gear sold at the auction included: two Newton MessagePads, four Apple Cameras, a Kaypro 2000 portable computer, a Timex Sinclair PC, and a plastic IBM Think sign, which was surely a bargain at $250. A bunch of bidders went for a Mac that was melted in a fire despite the description of "No Hard Drive… Distortion of plastic body, charring." The toasted desktop went for $1,200, prompting Demenus to joke, "I'm going into business melting Macs." Auction organizer Will Roland thinks the items' connection to the beloved Mac shop accounted for almost everything in the auction being sold, most of it above market value. Besides a large following in the film, audio, and graphic arts community, Tekserve's celebrity customers included Hampton Fancher, who wrote the screenplay for Blade Runner, comedian Fred Armisen, the late punk rocker Joey Ramone, and actor Andy Serkis, who played Gollum in the Lord of the Rings films. "Hey, you guys at Tekserve are PRECIOUS!" Serkis wrote on a movie poster in the store. Tekserve was so well known in New York that it had a cameo on the hit TV show Sex and the City in an episode titled "My Motherboard, Myself." When Carrie Bradshaw's PowerBook crashes, she brings it to Tekserve, where an intake technician (The Daily Show's Aasif Mandvi) berates her for not backing up. The auction was definitely a nostalgic look at consumer electronics from the last century. Bidders bought an airline travel phonograph, a JVC portable stereo cassette deck, a Sony Watchman TV, a 16mm film viewer/splicer, a Morse Code key, a wire recorder, and a Speak-o-phone, which records directly to vinyl discs. In the not-quite-electronics department, there was a Rotary Mimeograph machine circa 1910, a Cold War-era Russian high-altitude helmet complete with oxygen hose and communication cables, a pre-1950 Mahogany telephone booth with rotary payphone, and a World War II search light mirror, which no home should be without. Somebody also bought the sign that hung above the store's entrance. Nicholas Brancaccio, a San Francisco software programmer, paid $250 for a 1946 RCA Victor TV set that came with an after-market magnifying lens. The 26-year-old geek plans to put some new parts into his 70-year-old TV, then hook it up to an old computer or video game console. "I love repairing these magical artifacts," said Brancaccio. Employees Say a Fond Farewell Tekserve wasn't just beloved by its customers. Many employees said it was the best place they ever worked. The store's diverse workforce included white-haired baby boomers, tattooed millennials, many people of color, and women technicians. More than one employee came from its customer base. Deb Travis was having some RAM installed in one of her Macs when co-owner David Lerner mentioned that he thought Tekserve's female customers would feel more comfortable if there were more women techs working there. Travis started as a technician at Tekserve and over the course of 20 years rose to the position of service manager. Tekserve had so many musicians— some of whom toured— that it put out a series of CDs showcasing their work. No surprise from an employer who provided all of its 100 plus workers with health insurance and free lunch several days a week. Demenus even took 100 employees at a time to go see first-run science-fiction films in theaters. Tekserve's owners and its techs had something in common: serious technical chops. Demenus and Lerner started fixing their own Macs, which they used to design and build such electronic products as vandal-proof listening stations for a library at Lincoln Center and a cassette player that withstood the wear and tear inflicted on it by museum goers listening to audio tours. Initially, they relied on early Mac drawing programs to make illustrations of parts that needed to be manufactured and printed circuit boards. Before Tekserve took off, they designed and built a high-tech pill box that beeped when it was time to take medication, a tanning machine, and a high-tech bedroom for a wealthy client, complete with TVs that came out of the furniture. It was a design defect in the original Macs that provided the two former radio engineers with a business opportunity. Lacking a fan, the original Macs would eventually overheat and fail. Though Apple charged $300 to replace the analog board, Tekserve did it for $135. Years later, when the power inlet on Mac laptops went intermittent, instead of replacing the entire logic board as Apple was wont to do, Tekserve's repair team soldered on a new jack, saving customers hundreds of dollars in the process. Over the years Tekserve techs discovered a number of problems and fixes for Macs before Apple did. "We didn't take the off-the-shelf answers," said David Cook, another Tekserve customer who later became the hiring manager. "There was a real burning desire to understand things at a deeper level." Related A Visual History of Apple's Mac A Visual History of Apple's Mac Demenus could sometimes be seen sitting at his cluttered desk in the basement using a stereo microscope while soldering and un-soldering tiny electronic components. He once hacked an iMac with a white hemispherical base, adding a second flat panel monitor to it. The "two-headed iMac" debuted at the Tekserve booth at Macworld and was later put on display in the store. "It was just awesome," recalls Asher Rapkin, who worked at Tekserve as a college student and went on to work for Apple corporate in California. "This is so much of why I think people would come in. Because while you were sitting there stressed out waiting to find out if your data was going to get saved, you could play with a two-headed iMac." Or drink a Coke that cost just a nickel. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY Back to top Previous : Lenovo Teases VR-Ready, Compact Gaming PCs Rumor: Microsoft to Unveil Surface All-in-One in October Next : By Jon Kalish More » More Stories by Jon How to Fight the State (and Stay Secure While Doing It) Take control of your online footprint with the help of these easy-to-follow sites, the brainchild of... More » Meet the Team Building a Miniature NYC in a Brooklyn Warehouse The Gulliver's Gate miniature exhibit opens in 2017 with scenes from around the world; we got a peek... More » Geek Squad? Nah, Try TWIT's Chat Rooms TWIT can be accessed by anyone with a Web browser, and once you log in, you've tapped into a global ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles CES 2017 Photo Gallery A First Look at Razer's Mind-Boggling Project Valerie AI-Packed Honda Concept Is Ready for Autonomous Ride Shares Hands On With the AirTV Cord-Cutting Media Streamer 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Razer's Ariana Projection Concept Takes Gaming Beyond the TV »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 17 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest iPhone users still believe in Apple Tech press say Apple fallen behind Google and Facebook, but consumers may differ Post to Facebook iPhone users still believe in Apple Tech press say Apple fallen behind Google and Facebook, but consumers may differ  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2bR5RSY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 25 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow iPhone users still believe in Apple Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY Published 11:35 a.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 | Updated 3:14 p.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham talks to smartphone users in Venice Beach, California, most of whom say Apple products are still the best. Anna Watkins and Bobbie Garbert, visitors from England. (Photo: Michael Kofsky) VENICE BEACH, Calif. - The tech press has been all about Apple losing some of its innovation mojo this year to rivals like Google, Facebook and Amazon. But try telling that to consumers. Advancements in virtual reality, augmented reality and the connected home from others? Not a concern. At least not to the tourists we spoke to this week here by the popular seaside skate park. "I've tried Oculus Rift," the virtual reality gaming system owned by Facebook, says Anna Watkins, from London. "It doesn’t feel that accessible every day, yet I can’t imagine my life without this (iPhone)." Gilda Osborn, visiting from Alabama, agreed: “I love Apple, I always want to buy the newest one thats out. I’m looking forward to seeing what they come out with next.” Gilda Osborn, visiting from Alabama  (Photo: Michael Kofsky) We asked the consumers to name the coolest tech company--was it Google, Apple, Facebook or Amazon? While Adam English of Alabama choose Google, "because I use it 20 times a day," Watkins went for Apple. "They’re always ahead of the game, and the things they create are beautiful. That’s the difference. It’s so easy to get into their (Apple) products and never leave. They make it easy to stay loyal to the brand.” Beyond tech reporters, who have been drooling this year over advancements in 360 degree filmmaking, virtual and augmented reality and robotic computing--all advanced by rivals, Apple has seen its fortunes start to dip this year, with two successive quarters of declining iPhone sales. The most recent new model, the iPhone 6S, turned out to be a disappointment, the first iPhone model that didn't outsell the previous one. Still, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster expects Apple to sell 231 million units of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus phones. Not everybody we spoke to at the beach this week was an Apple fan boy.  Jackie Babb of nearby San Dimas said she thought Apple products were overpriced and "not worth the money. It's just hype and advertising." Apple is expected to debut new iPhones, computers and an Apple Watch on September 7 in San Francisco. Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham.  17 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bR5RSY NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 91 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Samsung ticks forward with new Gear S3 smartwatch Samsung is clocking in with a brand new smartwatch. Post to Facebook Samsung ticks forward with new Gear S3 smartwatch Samsung is clocking in with a brand new smartwatch.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2bR9xnE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Samsung ticks forward with new Gear S3 smartwatch Edward C. Baig and Eli Blumenthal , USA TODAY Published 12:00 p.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 | Updated 6:20 p.m. ET Aug. 31, 2016 Samsung's new Gear S3 Frontier, right, and Gear S3 Classic, left. (Photo: Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY) NEW YORK — Samsung is clocking in with a brand new smartwatch. The company unveiled its Gear S3 wristwatch in Berlin, just ahead of the IFA trade show that kicks off in the German capital later this week. The watch will be available in two styles, the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic, but both offer similar features. Samsung hasn’t announced pricing for the new watches yet, which won’t hit the market in the U.S. and around the world until the fall. There will be models that rely on Bluetooth alone and versions that can also tap into LTE wireless, from carriers AT&T, Verizon Wireless and T-Mobile. These are still relatively early days for the smartwatch category, though Samsung has been selling a high-tech timepiece since 2013. Market leader Apple is likely to chime in next week with what is expected to be the first major refresh of its own Apple Watch. The latest Samsung watches build on last year’s Gear S2 models with an emphasis on a sleek redesign and Samsung Pay. Samsung Pay on the Gear S3.  (Photo: Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY) The devices are now fully compatible with the Samsung Pay mobile payments system, which the company claims meshes with about 90% of the checkout terminals out there, both the type of registers that rely on NFC (Near field communications) technology, as well as older (and still more prevalent) magnetic-stripe terminals. Some versions of the Gear S2 could use Samsung Pay as well, but it was limited to NFC. Moreover, Samsung Pay can work in these watches, the company says, even if you don’t carry a phone with you. You can make up to five purchases without any network connection. While the watch can do more these days without the presence of a phone, it is compatible with a variety of Android handsets, not just Samsung’s own Galaxy devices. It is still not compatible with the iPhone. In most other respects, the latest round-faced watches share much in common with Samsung’s predecessor models (which will remain in the lineup). They run not off Android Wear but Samsung’s own Tizen operating system. And as before wearers of the new devices will be able to navigate the watches via the bezel that borders the watch’s sharp super AMOLED-type displays. This year's screens are also "always-on," a low power feature that lets you maintain the time even when not navigating the watch. Samsung's new dust-resistant Gear S3 smartwatch.  (Photo: Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY) Like its predecessor, the Gear S3 is water-resistant (like the recently released Galaxy Note 7 phone), down to 5-feet of water for a half-hour. They're also dust resistant. USA TODAY Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 poses noteworthy challenge to iPhone The watches can make or receive calls too; the Bluetooth-only model means you'd have to have a phone with you, though the LTE version could make calls or receive calls on its own. Unlike the Apple Watch or Android Wear devices from Huawei and Motorola, both versions of the Gear S3 are available in only one size, a 46mm casing, larger than the screen on S2. The Gear S3 also comes in only two colors, silver for the Classic and black for the Frontier. (By comparison, Apple's Watch is available in either 42mm or 38mm and a variety of colors). The 22mm watch bands are replaceable using the standard latch mechanism. The device felt nice on the wrist and the Classic's simple design looked refined. It comes across more as a regular watch than computer on the wrist. The larger profile has other benefits too, particularly in regards to battery life, now improved, Samsung says, on both the LTE and Bluetooth models to three to four days of juice. A power save option kicks in when you're down to your battery is down to your last 5%, which would allow you to use the Gear S3, as a watch only, for a full day. Samsung is hoping to have 10,000 apps by the time the Gear S3 launches this fall.  (Photo: Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY) Samsung's platform for the watch currently has around 9,000 available apps, including several from big names such as Uber, ESPN, CNN, Spotify, iHeartRadio and, yes, USA TODAY. On Wednesday the company announced that Nest and ADT would also be coming to the platform, offering users to ability to control their thermostats or call SOS and emergency services right from their wrists (think of it as similar GM's OnStar but for, well, yourself). The company is targeting to have 10,000 apps by the time the S3 hits store shelves. By then a new Apple Watch will presumably also be out and the battle for your wrist will rage on. Follow Ed Baig on Twitter @edbaig. Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal 91 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bR9xnE NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Trending: Tech Forecast 2017: IT sharpens its focus Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Busted! 5 myths of digital transformation IT Resume Makeover: Focus on results that matter All about PowerShell providers and modules Review: Early Wave 2 Wi-Fi access points show promise More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Tablets Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Tablet industry shrinks as Apple preps its iPad comeback Selling cheap gadgets isn’t good business, competing tablet makers find Computerworld | Aug 31, 2016 7:47 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Expect a rash of super-cheap tablets as exiting makers launch fire sales. Which part of the market will they hurt? Credit: Peter Bartlett/Flickr More like this Apple needs to get back into the truck business The unwritten future of the Apple TV Perhaps it is time Apple set macOS X free Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! It turns out that selling tablets for peanuts isn’t such a great business plan after all, who knew? Quit the biz That’s got to be one way to see the recent Digitimes report, ‘Weak tablet demand prompting vendors to leave segment’, that tells us: “the current number of players that is still releasing tablet products is only one-third of the industry's peak.” The report is dealing particularly with Chinese white box vendors, but it also reveals most tablet makers are reducing headcount or focusing on specific industry verticals. The problem? No one was making any money. “Apple [is] the only player that is still able to achieve strong profits from the tablet sector,” says Digitimes. Let’s not act surprised You can’t stay in business if your business consists of attempting to undercut competitors. There is nothing to be gained from introducing iterations of the same thing when the only unique difference between the available devices is price. Sure, some vendors may have hoped to create add-on services and peripherals income on the basis of the ecosystem their cheap products helped to create. In most cases they’ve failed. Apple has not failed. The company has also refused to compete on price points, it’s focus is on providing superior solutions that are easy to use. That’s why iPads and iPad Pros remain among the best performing tablets money can buy. They will only get better. Next year’s iPads will deliver faster refresh rates, smoother animation, better zoom and software improvements. Round the corner Frost & Sullivan expect growth to return to the iPad range next year, which marries well with predictions from elsewhere. Their analysis is that the incredible reception iPads received skewed perception of the true strength of the market. Everyone bought one at once, and it is only once the replacement cycle begins that we’ll see what the tablet industry is really made of. At the same time, Apple’s focus on providing the best products is part of why it has ended up making billions of dollars selling its products across the planet. Its business is certainly more sustainable and ethical than its tax rate. That’s not to say there isn’t some space for cheap tablets. “For some tasks a dirt-cheap second-rate system from a competitor makes sense. It’s not hard to find one, given competitors are pretty much giving their tablets away at unsustainably low prices in order to create the impression that Apple tablet is yesterday’s hero in terms of marketshare,” I wrote elsewhere. Errors of judgement Competitor made some big mistakes. They invested deeply in an industry they didn’t understand and must now exit it as IDC predicts the industry is about to see some recovery. Consumers will find themselves choosing between the best-in-class iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface devices, and tablets from Asus and Samsung. A second Digitimes report also predicts improvement in the tablet market next year, warning that Android makers will be impacted by Chinese brands. Jean Philippe Bouchard, research director at IDC, in a statement said. “We see smaller slate tablets being offered at very aggressive price points, leaving little room for revenues outside of a pure volume or platform play like for Amazon for instance.” With a hugely lucrative services ecosystem to support it and a market identity as best-in-class, Apple’s iPad range stands in a great position to benefit from next year’s tablet explosion. Meanwhile we can look forward to new Macs and the iPhone 7. Apple sure seems to know how to keep things interesting. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Want Apple TV tips? If you want to learn how to get the very best out of your Apple TV, please visit my Apple TV website. Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Tablets Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS 9 Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Microsoft Word vs Google Docs: Which works better for business? You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper 5 Ways Your Vendor Risk Management Program Leaves You In The Dark White Paper A Conversation: Make Your Network Work Smarter, Not Harder White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper A Guide to Implementing and Understanding 802.11ac White Paper Are Energy and Utilities at Risk of a Major Breach? Go Top Stories Microsoft’s OS supremacy over Apple to end in 2017 Apple will jump ahead of Microsoft this year as shipments of devices powered by its operating systems... Uber economy could kill off taxis and help fight global warming Using a new computer algorithm, MIT researchers showed that self-driving vehicles being tested by... Security pros are their own worst enemy Just when the world seems ready to listen to us, we give it a display of epic bickering. All about PowerShell providers and modules PowerShell providers are drivers for PowerShell to navigate things besides the file system. For their... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Samsung Gear S3 hands-on: Samsung Pay, LTE, rugged smartwatch Chris Davies - Aug 31, 2016 6 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you’ve got a Galaxy Note 7 in your pocket then the perfect accompaniment is a Samsung Gear S3 on your wrist, at least that’s the argument the smartphone behemoth is making ahead of the Apple Watch 2. Launched at IFA 2016 today, the Gear S3 builds on Samsung’s earlier Tizen wearables with a more distinctive and tougher design, the option of integrated LTE connectivity, and the convenience of Samsung Pay to leave your purse or wallet (and, for that matter, your Galaxy phone) at home. Aesthetically there are two styles, one more classic, the other more rugged, but both use a regular 22mm strap. Samsung will offer a range of rubber and leather straps, but you’ll be able to fit any third-party alternative you prefer. On the wrist, at 46 x 49 x 12.9 mm and 57-62 grams, it’s definitely on the large side – as is, Samsung points out, the fashion in watches in general these days – though not uncomfortably so. Still, I expect those with smaller wrists may want to stick with the more compact Gear S2, which Samsung intends, along with the Fit2, to keep on sale alongside this new model. Like the S2 before it, the Gear S3 relies on a combination of touch, buttons, and a clever rotating bezel for navigation of its Tizen OS. I’m still a big fan of Samsung’s bezel – I prefer it, frankly, to Apple’s often more fiddly “digital crown” on the Apple Watch – and it’s just as tactile and usable on the Gear S3. Samsung has made the dial more consistent this time around, too. Rotating it clockwise is the equivalent of a swipe right, to accept an incoming call, dismiss an alarm or timer, or dismiss the Find My Device notification. Rotating it anti-clockwise, or swiping left, meanwhile, rejects a call or snoozes a notification. The display is a 1.3-inch 360 x 360 circular Super AMOLED, 0.1-inches larger than that on the Gear S2, and its sensitivity has been improved so that you can use it while wearing gloves. It’s just as bright and colorful as the older smartwatch is, but Samsung makes better use of its 16m colors: whereas the always-on display on the Gear S2 – which shows a clock face when the watch isn’t in use – supported just eight colors, the Gear S3 has the full 16m to play with. Samsung has two versions of the Gear S3, which vary by their style and their connectivity. The Gear S3 Classic has Bluetooth and WiFi only, while the Gear S3 Frontier throws in LTE and has a more rugged, sports watch design. Both have a broad degree of standalone usability, away from your smartphone, though obviously the Frontier with its 4G connection has an edge there. Both have a built-in speaker and microphone for voice calls, and the S3 Frontier supports HD calling on compatible networks. There’s also an altimeter/barometer and GPS, and the Gear S3 can even figure out weather warnings if it’s not connected to data. IP68 water and dust resistance is included, meaning the Gear S3 can handle up to 30 minutes at up to 10 feet underwater, in addition to extremes of temperature, vibration, and shock. Indeed, Samsung says it can be used at up to 15,000 feet, should you need to make a hands-free call while skydiving. The touchscreen is covered with a sheet of new Corning Gorilla Glass SR+, which promises to be both impact and scratch resistant. Although it wasn’t first to the market with a digital wallet system, Samsung Pay does have an edge with its MST (Magnetic Secure Transmission) system. Like Android Pay and Apple Pay, you can use Samsung’s system with NFC-enabled registers, but it can also mimic an old-school swiped card so as to work with the vast majority of terminals out there. Indeed, Samsung Pay on the S3 promises to be even more convenient than it is on a Galaxy smartphone. Press and hold the back key – the upper button – on the side of the watch, and you get a carousel of all the credit and debit cards registered. The first time, you have to enter your S3’s PIN; after that, you don’t need to re-enter it unless you take the watch off your wrist. Tap the card of choice, hold it either near the wireless pad on the terminal – to use NFC – or the magnetic swipe – to use MST – and after a moment the payment is made. From the watch’s screen you can summon the last four digits of the card, should it be required by a cashier for authentication purposes, and a digital signature. Initially, Samsung Pay on the Gear S3 will be treated separately from any card you’ve registered on a Galaxy phone: even if you’ve added your credit card on your Note 7 already, you’ll have to go through the enrollment process again for your smartwatch. Samsung says it’s looking at changing that. A single card can be registered with multiple devices, and to multiple people: a couple could share a single credit card, for instance, or you could give your kids access and rely on notifications to see if they’re spending money in something other than an emergency. I’ll admit, I had my doubts when Samsung opted for Tizen over Android Wear. There are now more than 10,000 apps in Samsung’s store for the Gear series, and the Gear S3 arrives with a few new flagship titles in tow. An update to the Uber app – which will be received by other Tizen Gear watches too – adds Uber Pool support, while there’s also a Nest app that allows control over heating and cooling across multiple thermostats in multiple properties. BMW is releasing an app to remotely control select cars from its line-up, while home security firm ADT has a “panic button” app that can send out a call for help to those who subscribe to the company’s services. Spotify now supports streaming directly to the Gear S3 over WiFi or LTE (depending on which version of the watch you have), rather than requiring your phone to act as intermediary. You can access your Spotify playlists and stream over Bluetooth to headphones or speakers, or play out of the S3’s own speaker, though Samsung tells me that rights management questions mean offline song sync isn’t supported yet. If you do want standalone music without a data connection of any sort, the Gear S3 has 4GB of internal memory for that. It shares space with a 380 mAh battery – significanrtly larger than the 300 mAh in the Gear S2 – which should be good for 3-4 days of runtime. A low-power, watch-only mode should be able to show the time for a full day even on just 5-percent of battery remaining. Recharging is done wirelessly, and the S3 is backward-compatible with the charger from the S2. As for health and fitness, that’s getting a social upgrade with a friends leaderboard and the ability to compete with contacts on things like step challenges. Overall, it’s certainly a more ambitious vision for the role of the wearable than some rivals are embracing, but Samsung claims the market research shows that customers feel the same way. While activity tracking and simply telling the time are still the most common uses for a smartwatch, there’s a sizable percentage of people who also say they want to make phone calls, navigate, and control their smart home all from their wrist. Throw in Samsung’s own research that puts IP68 ruggedization, standalone connectivity, and mobile payment support at the top of the list, and the argument for the Gear S3 becomes even clearer. We’ll see just how well it ticks all those boxes on the wish-list when we have a chance to try it out in the real world. Sales kick off “later this year” with AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile all confirmed to offer the LTE-equipped Gear S3 Frontier. No word on pricing yet. Tags Hands OnIFAIFA 2016ifa liveLTESamsungSamsung Gear S3Samsung PaysmartwatchWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › Republic of Ireland Pictured: Apples placed outside Fine Gael in Apple Tax scandal protest Published 31/08/2016 0 Comments Share Pictured: Apples placed outside Fine Gael in Apple Tax scandal protest BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Dozens of apples have been placed outside the headquarters of Fine Gael party in Dublin following the Apple Tax scandal. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/pictured-apples-placed-outside-fine-gael-in-apple-tax-scandal-protest-35011051.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35006857.ece/c4e89/AUTOCROP/h342/AFP_FO4CQ.jpg Email Apple ordered to pay Ireland staggering £11bn in back taxes by EU Commission Dozens of apples have been placed outside the headquarters of Fine Gael party in Dublin following the Apple Tax scandal. The European Commission has ordered Ireland to recoup 13 billion euro (£11.1 billion) from tech giant Apple over a sweetheart tax deal. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Protesters cover Fine Gael head office with apples as row over €13billion in taxes owed by software giant Apple sour pic.twitter.com/7T79AwffSH— GLOBAL RIGHTS MAG (@GLOBALRIGHTSMAG) August 31, 2016 Protesters cover Fine Gael head office with apples as row over €13billion in taxes owed by software giant Apple sour pic.twitter.com/UkXDlPXNUS— orsola casagrande (@orsola23) August 31, 2016 A three-year investigation by Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager found the arrangements dating back to the early 1990s were illegal under state aid rules. She said it allowed Apple to pay substantially less tax than other businesses - 1% on its European profits in 2003 and 0.0005% in 2014. The Republic of Ireland's tax inspectors have been told to recover the unpaid billions. The Republic of Ireland's Cabinet is meeting to discuss the ruling with Finance Minister Michael Noonan, saying the Irish Government will appeal it. Protestors dumped the apples outside Fine Gael's officers on Wednesday. Online Editors Read More Politicians to visit Irishman Ibrahim Halawa on 'hunger strike' in Egypt jail  A cross party delegation of Irish politicians will travel to Egypt on Monday to visit jailed Irishman Ibrahim Halawa. Irish transgender woman 'incredibly touched' by amazing letter from colleagues after...  A transgender woman said she was “incredibly touched” by a kind gift she received from her colleagues to welcome her back to the workplace for the first time since her transition. Nama defends social housing efforts as campaigners demand action  The state's bad-bank Nama said it has delivered 2,378 social houses and apartments a mid renewed calls for it to make more property available for the homeless. Appeal for witnesses after teenager stabbed to death  A teenager has been stabbed to death, gardai said. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Recruitment for British Army soars in Republic of Ireland  Republic of Ireland Appeal for witnesses after teenager stabbed to death  Republic of Ireland Pressure mounts on Gerry Adams over Brian Stack murder  Republic of Ireland Nama defends social housing efforts as campaigners demand action  Republic of Ireland Number of passengers using public transport increases by 10 million  Republic of Ireland Arlene Foster: Can't see all the haters when I got my love glasses on  News Poll: Arlene Foster's leadership rating plummets from 49% to 29%  Northern Ireland Woman found praying to Elrond figure from Lord of the Rings thought it was Saint...  News Anger after holy well tree in Northern Ireland is stripped of hundreds of...  Northern Ireland Video: Belfast besties hoping to 'entertain us' on reality hit show Big Brother  Video News Belfast International passenger numbers surge with new US route on cards Plan for charity shops to lose rates exemption in Northern Ireland Meet the corporate high-flyer who cut back on long hours and constant travel for a better quality of life - writing science fiction books Ulster suffer controversial defeat to Scarlets in Guinness Pro 12 Amazon email scam could cost you up to £750 - here's what you should look out for Revealed: Northern Ireland's best selling cars 2016 Free Titanic Belfast tickets as 'thank you' to NI public Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: New Year's Eve at The Limelight 2016 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Christmas parties at Box Nightclub, December 26, 2016 [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph UK Queen 'almost shot' on late night walk  Northern Ireland Poll: Arlene Foster's leadership rating plummets from 49% to 29% in wake of RHI  World Gerry Adams and US star Roseanne Barr clash over Jesus Christ's nationality  Video News Video: Hilarious moment 'thief' caught on CCTV  Politics Poll: If election called who would you vote for?  Northern Ireland Watch: Horrifying moment car speeds in wrong direction along NI dual carriageway  Technology CES 2017: 5 highlights from Vegas tech show  Health Mesentery: New organ discovered inside human body by Irish scientists  Motoring Faraday electric car that does 0-60 in 2.39 seconds revealed  Sunday Life New evidence suggests iceberg wasn't sole cause of Titanic sinking, claim experts  Northern Ireland Full list of Northern Ireland new year honours recipients  Archive Video: Lighter side of 1963 Big Freeze in Northern Ireland revealed  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Suppliers gearing up for production of iPhone 8’s curved-glass chassis By Christian Zibreg, Aug 31, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments In 2017, the iPhone should undergo a top-to-bottom industrial design overhaul with a number of hardware improvements planned for the handset, such as a wraparound AMOLED display curved at both sides like that on Samsung’s Note 7 and the Galaxy S6/S7 range, as well as an all-new glass enclosure. According to a recent Chinese-language Commercial Times report cited by DigiTimes, Taiwanese suppliers are now ordering machinery for the production of curved glass chassis for next year’s iPhone lineup. The glass casing should help differentiate the Tenth Anniversary iPhone, as the media affectionally calls the device, and give Apple fans more reasons to upgrade. Taiwanese supplier Mirle Automation has developed forming equipment for 3D curved glass chassis, allowing it to enter the supply chain for 2017 iPhone series. Foxconn, which assembles iPhones, as well as Apple supplier Lens Technology have ordered Mirle’s machinery, with shipments kicking off in the fourth quarter of 2016. In an unusual move, Mirle has issued a company filing with the Taiwan Stock Exchange saying it was not the source of the report. Knowing Apple is not fond of leaks, that filing right there probably tells us that Mirle went to great lengths to avoid antagonizing Apple, giving more credence to the report. The report adds that Foxconn’s glass chassis has recently gone through verification by Apple. These firms are expected to supply curved-glass chassis for 2017 iPhones: Foxconn Technology Bern Optics Lens Technology Lens Technology is especially interesting: Apple recently issued a press releases congratulating Lens’s commitment to utilize 100 percent renewable energy in all its glass production by 2018. “Lens is the first supplier to make a clean energy commitment for all of its Apple production, and will meet its goal through an unprecedented power purchase agreement with local wind projects,” Apple wrote. Lens’ manufacturing with Apple currently includes two facilities in Changsha, Hunan province. The iPhone’s metal casing is being produced by Catcher Technology, but its CEO Allen Horng isn’t concerned about potentially losing business to rivals come 2017 because “As far as I know, only one iPhone model will adopt glass casing next year” (and some analysts agree with Horng’s contention). iPhone 6s teardown photo courtesy iFixit. Source: DigiTimes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple has reportedly commissioned three different manufacturers to build iPhone 8 Sharp working to secure iPhone camera lens orders from Apple iPhone 7 demand reportedly starts fading as iPhone 8 rumors continue picking up steam Panel suppliers struggling to meet Apple’s large order volume for OLED iPhones Related Topics DigiTimes, Foxconn, iPhone, iPhone 8, Lens Technology, Mirle Automation, News, Rumors, Supply, Taiwan Jamessmooth So silly to launch only one iPhone with the supposed new glass casing. Hope this doesn’t happen. I love the offerings they have now, one small iphone and one large one (minus SE). Make them exactly the same! Tony Agreed, I don’t like the splintering of materials either.. but they did it with the Apple Watch. Apple Watch’s display – sapphire crystal versus Ion-X glass. That’s how they are going to start justifying the up-charge on a “pro” type version is my guess. John Smith If they can justify segregating their customer base for maximized profits, then I can justify not upgrading my phone until they get things together. 2GB RAM iPhone 6S with 12MP camera, 4k shooting, 64GB storage, not exactly something that can become obsolete unless Apple intentionally decides to slow it down to entice users to upgrade, to which I’ll stop upgrading my iOS version and buy a cheap iPod Touch to do software development on. gXn Release Iphone 7 first. 5723alex . No crap OLED please. Tommy Gumbs What it is????? Manufactures are going to have a hard time making parts for the iPhone 7, like you reported yesterday, and every year prior, or they are gonna ramp up for the iPhone 8…..come on Already. Ernie Marin I’ll stick with the 7th (well 6th until 7th is jailbroken) because I don’t really like curved screens, if in fact it’s the only iPhone to have it then i’ll just wait the 3 years until the 9th is out and then upgrade again. DD™ Haven’t even got the iPhone 7 out and we are talking about the 8 and suppliers gearing up. Wow!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines OtterBox expands uniVERSE system to iPad Air 2 & 9.7-inch iPad Pro, adds new partners Apple’s free app of the week: Lifeline: Whiteout Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more iOS 10 adoption rate now at 76% The W3 Stand turns your Apple Watch into a vintage Macintosh   The latest jailbreak news NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds Hide or show your Home screen dock on demand with ShyDock Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
TechTech Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Cordless Smartwatch Chargers Score 4.0 More Stats +/- Dual Speaker Wireless Chargers Tech-Hiding Watch Straps Anti-Gravity Charging Devices Bejeweled Smartwatch Accessories Wireless Multi-Device Chargers 54Similar Photos The GoPower Watch Charger Provides Power for the Apple Watch and More By: Michael Hemsworth - Aug 31, 2016 References: kanex & damngeeky Working wirelessly with the Apple Watch, the GoPower Watch charger works by enabling users to power the device without having to connect any physical cords. Utilizing inductive charging technology, the GoPower Watch is designed for the Apple watch and can provide ample power for users when an outlet isn't near. While the design of the GoPower Watch is centered on the Apple Watch, the charger is also capable of charging an iPhone or other USB device thanks to the on-board USB port. The slim form factor enables the device to be taken anywhere and used while still maintaining the functionality of the smartwatch. The lightweight GoPower Watch charger will provide six days of additional charges for the Apple Watch and features a soft, durable design. JOIN 500 BRANDS, CEOS & NASA Ignite innovation with the #1 Trend Platform & our award-winning accelerator ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Custom Services Keynotes & Workshops Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Innovation Conference Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Truck Driver SmartwatchesThe Scania Apple Watch Improves Truck Driving Safety RPG Smartwatch GamesSquare Enix is Launching 'Cosmos Rings' as a Game for the Apple Watch Car-Controlling Smartwatch AppsBentley's New Smartwatch App is Designed for Vehicle Control Multipurpose Smartphone DocksThe Evolus Dock's Ports Support a Variety Of Electronic Devices 100 Presents for the College StudentFrom Space-Saving Desks to Instant Selfie Cameras 100 Smartwatch Gift IdeasFrom Connected Children's Wearables to Refined Designer Timepieces Stats for Cordless Smartwatch Chargers Trending: This Quarter & Average Research: 18 w Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Watch Charger Related: 70 examples / 54 photos Segment: Neutral, 18-55 Comparison Set: 26 similar articles, including: tech-hiding watch straps, dual speaker wireless chargers, and anti-gravity charging devices. Related Reports: Mobile Tech Report, Guest Service Report, Audio Design Report, Smartwatch Report, Reusable Tech Report SCORE: 4.0 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 27 time: 0.1092 , e-time: 0.1115

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple tax bill undermines transatlantic cooperation, Lew says By Afp Published: 11:38 EST, 31 August 2016 | Updated: 11:38 EST, 31 August 2016 e-mail US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on Wednesday reiterated the Obama administration's frustration with European authorities over their decision this week to impose back taxes on Apple. The European Commission this week said Apple, the world's most valuable company, owed Ireland $14.5 billion because Dublin had offered the iPhone maker illegal and unfair tax arrangements. "Our concern with the European Commission action is that it is using a state-aide theory to make tax law and it is doing it in a way that is retroactive and that overrides national tax law authority," Lew said following a speech in Washington on this weekend's G20 summit in China. The European Union has ordered Apple to pay a record 13 billion euros in back taxes in Ireland ©Philippe Huguen (AFP/File) Lew's remarks followed a reaction from the White House on Tuesday, which described European authorities' actions as "unilateral" and "unfair." The Obama administration has sought to prohibit corporations from virtually eliminating their entire tax burdens through overseas moves and so-called corporate inversions. Lew said that, while US tax reforms may not have been realized, the European actions created economic uncertainty, unfairly focused on US firms and were an attempt to reach into the US tax base. Lew also said he had told corporate leaders that driving companies' tax burdens to an absolute minimum carried risks to their reputations. "I have said to many CEOs that you need to be more careful when you think about only maximizing tax advantage," Lew said. "I have been very clear on issues like inversion, that it's legal but it's wrong." Former US senator Carl Levin, a Democrat who oversaw Congressional investigations into corporate tax avoidance, said in a statement on Tuesday that European authorities were understandably attempting to recoup taxes that the US Internal Revenue Service had failed to collect and that Apple wrongly avoided. "The IRS has failed to stake a claim for US taxes on those revenues for a decade or more," Levin said. "It has been passive and so Europe attempts to fill the vacuum. Shame on Apple for dodging US taxes. Shame on the IRS for failing to challenge Apple's tax avoidance." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content Blog About Login Free Trial Search form Search Toggle navigation Home Jenkins About Jenkins Jenkins: Code Quality Analysis Jenkins: Distributed Builds Jenkins: Maven Integration Jenkins: Notifications Jenkins: Security Jenkins: Source Code Control Jenkins: Test Results Analysis Jenkins Newsletter Jenkins Training Jenkins Security Advisories Jenkins World Jenkins 2.0 Jenkins Certification Products CloudBees Jenkins Platform Enterprise Features Private SaaS Edition Jenkins in the Cloud Pricing Services and Support Continuous Delivery CD with Docker CD for Government CD with Jenkins Pipeline The CD Journal Customers Partners Partner Programs AWS Microsoft Azure Pivotal Red Hat Resources Whitepapers Recordings Collateral DevOps Radio Company Blog Events & Webinars CD Summit 2015 CD Summit 2015 - Call For Papers CD Summit 2014 Jenkins User Conferences Team Investors News Room Careers Visual Designer Jenkins Engineer Senior Java Developer Junior Java Developer Partner Manager Director, Enterprise Sales Partner Marketing Manager European Marketing Manager/Director Product Manager - Jenkins as a Service Senior Product Manager - Jenkins Product Manager - Continuous Delivery Corporate Account Executive/Americas Enterprise Account Executive/Americas Enterprise Account Executive/EMEA Field Account Executive/Americas Solutions Architect/Americas Solutions Architect/Europe Support Engineer/Americas Lead Consultant Contact Us Belgium Los Altos Raleigh Richmond Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus Login Home Blogs Hannah Inman's blog Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: High Velocity iOS CI with Native macOS Virtualization and Jenkins Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: High Velocity iOS CI with Native macOS Virtualization and Jenkins Hannah Inman - 31 Aug 2016 Tweet This is a guest post by Jenkins World speaker Manisha Arora, Co-Founder of Veertu. We, at Veertu Inc. have been doing virtualization for a while. Veertu’s technical co-founders were part of the team that built KVM and nested virtualization technology, SDN and SDS for public cloud at Ravello Systems. So, it’s been pretty interesting for us to see the evolution of infrastructure in the linux and windows domain over the years, and how it has kept pace with innovations in the application development area. However, when you look at mobile app dev, it’s pretty clear that dev and test infrastructure is still trying to catch up with the innovations in the app dev domain. This is even more obvious for Apple device ecosystem. So, we started to work on a software solutions that are based on our innovative technology which virtualizes OS X (now called macOS) based infrastructure, with the goal that all app dev that’s being done on OS X (Native OS X apps, iOS, watchOS, tvOS apps, apps that need to run in Safari) can leverage this infrastructure whenever, wherever and however they need it. In our session at Jenkins World 2016, we will describe and show you the application of this for high velocity iOS build and test workloads. As most of you already know, iOS dev, build and test is done using xCode and Simulator, which is Apple’s development SDK and runs on macOS. Different iOS projects want different versions of Xcode, different ruby versions, different gems and different dependency managers. When there are teams of 4 or more iOS developers working on these projects, the scale and complexity of build and test environments for code commits significantly increases. In the linux world, this is addressed by executing build and test workloads on a cloud infrastructure (public or private), where specific environments(with all the dependencies) are spun on-demand for every code commit/build. The build and test infrastructure can scale up/down inline with the speed of application development. The same isn’t true for iOS application development on the Apple platform. There is no server grade infrastructure technology available for Apple platform, which addresses this challenge completely.  In the last 3-4 years, a lot of service providers seem to have come up with offerings for iOS build and test environments on-demand, but after careful investigation and multiple customer conversation, we concluded that none of these providers can meet the demands of customer’s dynamic workloads in real time. The problem is unsolved and growing with exponential growth of mobile app dev. We are developing a native infrastructure virtualization platform for macOS, which will sit on top of mac operating system and enable the users to take a cluster of mac hardware(mac minis, pros etc..) and convert it into a private cloud. While there have been attempts to do this in the past with desktop based virtualization, it doesn’t really meet the needs of CI dev/test workloads. CI dev/test workloads for iOS need server grade features like, high performance with no overhead in virtual instances, small footprint, non-intrusive execution of multiple instances in a single piece of hardware and faster boot times. Our upcoming technology will address all this and offer a solution, which users can use to very quickly build, control and manage on-demand private cloud for iOS build and test from within their Jenkins CI process and other CI platforms. Creating Veertu macOS Cloud in Jenkins Configure Veertu Cloud or iOS build/test We are very excited that we have been invited to showcase and share this with everyone at Jenkins World 2016 in Santa Clara, CA. For more details, visit https://www.cloudbees.com/high-velocity-ios-ci-native-os-x-virtualization-plugin Manisha Arora Co-Founder Veertu This is a guest post written by Jenkins World 2016 speaker Manisha Arora. Leading up to the event, there will be many more blog posts from speakers giving you a sneak peak of their upcoming presentations. Like what you see? Register for Jenkins World! For 20% off, use the code JWHINMAN​   Blog Categories:  Jenkins Add new comment Your name E-mail Homepage Subject Comment * Home page By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Leave this field blank Save Having trouble subscribing in Chrome? Categories Cloud Platform (245) Company News (161) Developer Zone (332) Jenkins (372) Archive ► 2016 ► December New DevOps Radio Episode: Brian Dawson on the Future of DevOps Meet the Bees: Antonio Muñiz xUnit and Pipeline Meet the Bees: Patrick O'Hannigan Dynamic Proxies (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) ► November Usability and Stability Enhancements in CloudBees Jenkins Platform 2.19.3.1 Now Live on DevOps Radio: Picture-Perfect CD, Featuring Dean Yu, Director, Release Engineering, Shutterfly Browser-testing with Sauce OnDemand and Pipeline Meet the Bees: Robert Sandell Now Live: DevOps Radio Jumps into DevOps with JFrog Co-Founder and Chief Architect Fred Simon Joining the Big Leagues: Tuning Jenkins GC For Responsiveness and Stability Ensuring Corporate Standards in Pipelines with Custom Marker Files ► October Sending Notifications in Pipeline Level-Up Your Automation Game with the New DevOps Radio Episode, Featuring Joshua Nixdorf, Technical Director at Electronic Arts Publishing HTML Reports in Pipeline Continuous Security for Rails apps with Pipeline and Brakeman Web-scale Enterprise Jenkins using CloudBees Jenkins Platform - Private SaaS Edition First Rolling Release Improves Pipeline in CloudBees Jenkins Platform 2.7.20 Faster Pipelines with the Parallel Test Executor Plugin Now on DevOps Radio: The DevOps Handbook, A First Look (and Listen)! ► September Probing for Limits of Jenkins Jenkins World 2016 - Going ALL IN on the Recap How Big is Big CloudBees Jenkins Platform 2.7.19 How to Integrate JMeter into Jenkins Standardize Jenkins with the CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise Distribution DevOps Express Puts Organizations on Track for DevOps Adoption DevOps Express Puts Organizations on Track for DevOps Adoption Let Your Voice Be Heard, Take the 2016 Jenkins Community Survey! ► August Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: High Velocity iOS CI with Native macOS Virtualization and Jenkins Audit Trail Dashboard with CloudBees Jenkins Analytics Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: Enforcing Jenkins Best Practices Now On DevOps Radio: Leading the Transformation, Live - with Gary Gruver! Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: Secure Container Development Pipelines with Jenkins Top 9 Reasons You Need to Go ALL IN and Attend Jenkins World Service Discovery (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: Continuously Delivering Continuous Delivery Pipelines Join the Jenkins World Sticker Competition! Cluster Orchestration (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) Containers and Immutable Deployments (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) Configuration Management (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) ► July The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit Now Streaming on DevOps Radio: Jacob Tomaw Talks About How Orbitz Transformed Software Delivery Jenkins World Speaker Highlight: Using Jenkins for Disparate Feedback on GitHub Continuous Integration, Delivery and Deployment (The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit) Backup Jenkins to the Cloud Want to Win a Free Pass to Jenkins World 2016? Here’s How. Preface to The DevOps 2.0 Toolkit A New Angle to Pipeline as Code ► June Now Streaming: Booz Allen Hamilton’s Nirmal Mehta Talks Jenkins, Docker, DevOps and More on DevOps Radio Top 10 Best Practices for Jenkins Pipeline Plugin Using the Pipeline Plugin to Accelerate Continuous Delivery -- Part 3 Meet the Bees: Nigel Harniman Using the Pipeline Plugin to Accelerate Continuous Delivery -- Part 2 Connect to the Jenkins Experts with CloudBees Network Putting the Ops in DevOps: Part 1 CloudBees & Mesosphere: Containers, Cloud and Jenkins Equal Scalable Continuous Delivery For Modern Apps ► May You’re Going To Want To Hear This: Introducing DevOps Radio Elasticity and Scalability Are the Keys IPExpo Talk - Why Should I Adopt Continuous Delivery and Where Should I Start? Using the Pipeline Plugin to Accelerate Continuous Delivery -- Part 1 Continuous Delivery with Jenkins -- Part 4 CloudBees Jenkins Operations Center Enhanced Security Policy Available in 1.7.109 / 1.8.19 Continuous Intelligence: More Signal, Less Noise Continuous Delivery with Jenkins -- Part 3 A New Way to Do Continuous Delivery with Maven and Jenkins Pipeline Focus On the Automotive Industry - Software is Eating the World ► April Get Started with Jenkins 2.0 with Docker Continuous Delivery with Jenkins -- Part 2 Jenkins 2.0 Makes It Easy for Organisations to Deliver Their Applications Jenkins World 2016 Registration is Now Live! Jenkins Pipeline - Software Delivery Made Easy Continuous Documentation with Jenkins, Asciidoctor and Gradle Accelerating Automotive Innovation with CI, CD, Jenkins and Pipeline as Code Continuous Delivery with Jenkins -- Part 1 The State of Jenkins - 2015 Community Survey ► March ChatOps: A DevOps Accelerant Docker Flow: Proxy – On-Demand HAProxy Service Discovery and Reconfiguration With Jenkins Pipeline Bramavihara: The Four Immeasurables of DevOps Get Certified! CloudBees Announces Certifications in Jenkins and the CloudBees Jenkins Platform DevOps Dojos: Safe Places for Practice and Mentorship Announcing Jenkins World 2016 -- Save the Date! Webinar Q&A: How to Deliver Applications Six (or More) Times Faster with Jenkins and Continuous Delivery as a Service Replay Pipeline Five DevOps Metaphors CompOps: Continuous Delivery Needs Continuous Compliance Jenkins Pipeline ► February The Need For Jenkins Pipeline Run Jenkins as a Service with Private SaaS Edition Field Notes from a DevOps Cultural Anthropologist Jenkins, Docker and DevOps: The Innovation Catalysts -- Part 4 Jenkins, Docker and DevOps: The Innovation Catalysts -- Part 3 ► January Setting Up Jenkins EC2 Slaves Announcing the New CloudBees Partner Center Jenkins, Docker and DevOps: The Innovation Catalysts -- Part 2 Webinar Recording: Continuous Delivery with Jenkins Workflow and Docker Explained Scaling Jenkins Slaves CloudBees Releases Amazon ECR Plugin 1.0-Beta ► 2015 ► December Jenkins, Docker and DevOps: The Innovation Catalysts -- Part I Bitbucket Cloud Repository Detection with CloudBees Jenkins Workflow Introducing the (Experimental) Visual Pipeline Editor Webinar Q&A: What's New in CloudBees v15.11 A Tour of the CloudBees Jenkins Platform: Cluster-Wide Job Triggers Build a Swift Pipeline with Jenkins Workflow CloudBees Jenkins Platform 15.11 (November 2015) General Availability Using Workflow to Deliver a Multi-Component/App Pipeline ► November Celebrate Hacksgiving with the Jenkins Community! Microsoft’s Visual Studio Marketplace Public Preview Features New CloudBees Jenkins Platform Extension Knowledge as Code: Leveraging your Knowledge Knowledge as Code: Making Creating Knowledge Easy Knowledge as Code: Sourcing your Knowledge Webinar Q&A: Continuous Performance Testing and Continuous Delivery with CloudTest and Jenkins BuildHive Jenkins Remote CLI Vulnerability Get Ripped! Jenkins + Docker = Industrial Strength Continuous Delivery ► October Docker + Jenkins + Kubernetes Resources Docker + Jenkins Presentations Beta Release of GitHub Support for Pipeline as Code Securing Jenkins with Role-based Access Control and Azure Active Directory Test Mobile Apps with Jenkins Workflow and AWS Device Farm CloudBees Achieves AWS DevOps Competency and is Named an AWS Container Partner Using Amazon EC2 Container Service with Jenkins ► September Jenkins, Workflow and Gerrit: Putting the Pieces Together Continuous Integration Blog Series Be Amongst the 99% and Help Our Favorite Jenkins Butler Parallelism and Distributed Builds with Jenkins Architecture: Integrating the CloudBees Jenkins Platform with Docker Hub 2.0 Docker Hub 2.0 Integration with the CloudBees Jenkins Platform What Does CloudBees Jenkins Platform Mean for Me? Jenkins Community Survey - Your Chance to Be Heard! ► August Workflow 1.10 CloudBees Jenkins Platform on Amazon Web Services Jenkins User Conference U.S. West Speaker Highlight: Kaj Kandler Volume 9 of the Jenkins Newsletter: Continuous Information is out! JUC Session Blog Series: Christian Lipphardt, JUC Europe Managing a Jenkins Docker Infrastructure: Docker Garbage Collector Clone of CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise 14.11 available on Pivotal CF JUC Session Blog Series: Tom Canova, JUC U.S. East Jenkins User Conference U.S. West Speaker Highlight: Andrew Phillips Docker Custom Build Environment with Docker in Docker CloudBees Jenkins Platform on Microsoft Azure Jenkins Workflow - Using the Global Library to Implement a Reusable Function to Call a Secured HTTP Endpoint Introducing the JUC Speaker Blog Series for JUC U.S. West Workflow 1.9 and Multibranch Beta ► July JUC Session Blog Series: Mario Cruz, JUC Europe JUC Session Blog Series: Gus Reiber and Tom Fennelly, JUC Europe JUC Session Blog Series: Daniel Spilker, JUC Europe JUC Session Blog Series: Andrew Phillips, JUC U.S. East Clustering Jenkins with Kubernetes in the Google Container Engine On-demand Jenkins slaves with Kubernetes and the Google Container Engine Orchestrating deployments with Jenkins Workflow and Kubernetes Secure application deployments with Jenkins, Kubernetes, and the Google Cloud Platform Jenkins Container Support Juggernaut Arrives at Kubernetes, Google Container Registry JUC Europe: "From Virtual Machines to Containers" from Camunda JUC Session Blog Series: Robert Fach, JUC Europe Announcing the New CloudBees Partner Program JUC East: Tom Canova's "Jenkins Workflows with Parallel Steps Boost Productivity and Quality" Template Hierarchies and Using Aux Models to Simplify Template Construction Advancing the Jenkins GUI: Configuring Items in Jenkins Jenkins Workflow - Creating a Class to Wrap Access to a Secured HTTP Endpoint Continuous Delivery with CloudBees Jenkins Platform and AWS Lambda ► June As Jenkins Grows Up, We Invite Our Business Partners To Grow With Us CloudBees Jenkins Platform: Accelerating CD in Enterprises Bringing Continuous Delivery to Cloud-Scale with Jenkins, Docker and "Tiger" Templating Jenkins Build Environments with Docker Containers Triggering Docker pipelines with Jenkins CloudBees Jenkins Platform - Remix or Mashup? Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker Traceability of Docker Images and Containers in Jenkins Automating Application Releases with Docker Disaster-proofing slaves with Docker Swarm and the CloudBees Jenkins Platform A Guide to Cutting-Edge Jenkins and Continuous Delivery Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker Building Modern, Real World Software Delivery Pipelines with Jenkins and Docker JUC Speaker Blog Series: Martin Hobson, JUC U.S. East JUC Europe speaker blog post from Stephan Hochdörfer JUC Speaker Blog Series: Damien Coraboeuf, JUC Europe Multi-tenancy with Jenkins JUC Speaker Blog Series: Will Soula, JUC U.S. East JUC East Speaker Blog Andrew Phillips, XebiaLabs Jenkins User Conference U.S. East Speaker Highlight: Peter Vilim Jenkins User Conference Europe Speaker Highlight: Nobuaki Ogawa cdSummit News! ► May [Podcast] Enable Fast Cycles with Continuous Delivery Jenkins User Conference U.S. East Speaker Highlight: David Dang New JUC Speaker Blog Post from Andrew Bayer on Jenkins-CI.org New JUC Speaker Blog Post on Jenkins-CI.org New Blog Series on Jenkins-CI.org! Top 10 Things You Will Get From Attending the Jenkins User Conferences 2015 ► April Maybe CD Summit And Jenkins Could Have Saved The Phoenix Project? [Infograhic] What's Holding Up Speedier Software And Services Delivery? Jenkins User Conference Update -- Agenda is Up for U.S. East and Europe! Operations Center 1.6 now supports cluster-wide configuration of email and alerting The Credentials API in Jenkins 2015 Jenkins User Conference World Tour - Early Bird Tickets, Keynote Speakers Webinar Q&A: Continuous Delivery with Jenkins Enterprise and UrbanCode Deploy CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise 14.11 available on Pivotal CF Workflow 1.5 released ► March Webinar Q&A: Facilitating Continuous Delivery Pipelines with Jenkins Workflow Registration is Open for JUC 2015! Webinar Q&A: Continuous Delivery with Puppet Enterprise and CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise Deadlines Fast Approaching: JUC 2015 Call for Papers Supercharge Continuous Delivery in Jenkins with Workflow Workflow 1.3 released Where in the World is Jenkins? - March 2015 Save the Date for JUC 2015 ► February CloudBees Heads To Las Vegas For IBM Interconnect Celebrate Jenkins on February 26 Meet the Bees: Valentina Armenise ► January Call for Papers- JUC 2015 Results of Puppet Labs' State of DevOps Survey Solidify Case for Continuous Delivery CloudBees Raises $23.5m - Because Software is Eating the World Workflow 1.2 Copying Artifacts Between Builds in a Jenkins Workflow "Mail" Step for Jenkins Workflow CloudBees in 2015: WE ARE HIRING (Big Time...) Workflow Integration for Credentials Binding Plugin Best Practices for Setting up Jenkins Auditing and Compliance Jenkins 1.580 with workflow now generally available on DEV@cloud Drop that cron - use Jenkins instead for scheduled jobs Best Practices for Setting up Jenkins Auditing and Compliance #BreakingBuilds Twitter Contest Results AWS CodeDeploy Jenkins plugin now available including on DEV@cloud ► 2014 ► December 2015 Predictions for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Webinar Q&A: Continuous Delivery and Pipeline Traceability with Jenkins and Chef Webinar Q&A: Analyze This! Jenkins Cluster Operations and Analytics Webinar Q&A: Orchestrating the CD Process in Jenkins with Workflow Continuous Information - Newsletter for the Jenkins Community Jenkins Operations and Continuous Delivery @Scale with CloudBees Jenkins Enterprise Where in the World is Jenkins? - December 2014 Breaking Builds II – Los Jenkins Hermanos Deliver More than Software Beware the Siren's -Target Call ► November Docker Global Hack Day Contribution Zero Downtime Deployments on Beanstalk Where in the World is Jenkins? - November 2014 ► October Workflow plugins: 0.1-beta-5 published Jenkins: Now with More Golang Small build size is "deprecated" Another Look at the Jenkins Promoted Builds Plugin Breaking Builds - No More Half Measures Where in the World is Jenkins? - October 2014 Migrating to Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees from Open Source Jenkins The Jenkins Plugin Developer case files: Episode 1 - When @Extensions bites you in the posterior ► September Continuous Delivery - The Real Deal Android Emulator Troubleshooting Migrating Play2 (and other) apps to AWS Beanstalk (via Docker) CloudBees Around the World - September 2014 Customer Spotlight: Choose Digital Webinar Q&A: Continuous Delivery with Jenkins and Puppet - Debug Bad Bits in Production CloudBees Becomes the Enterprise Jenkins Company CloudBees Partners with Pivotal Reflections on the PaaS Marketplace Advanced Git with Jenkins [Infographic] Need To Deliver Software Faster? Continuous Delivery May Be The Answer Building Pipelines at Scale with Puppet and Jenkins Plugins ► August Webinar Q&A: Role-Based Access Control for the Enterprise with Jenkins Workflow plugin demos updated Configuration as Code: The Job DSL Plugin Meet the Bees – Customer Campaign Edition - Lose It! Integrated Pipelines with Jenkins CI Conditional Pull-Request building Webinar Q&A: "Scaling Jenkins in the Enterprise" Building Resilient Jenkins Infrastructure Automation, Innovation and Continuous Delivery - Mario Cruz Meet the Bees: Tracy Kennedy Anonymous access and Jenkins (and Role based access control) Using Jenkins in a hybrid mode: use cloud slaves for on-premise masters Amadeus Contribution to the Jenkins Literate Plugin and the Plugin's Value Automating CD pipelines with Jenkins - Part 2: Infrastructure CI and Deployments with Chef Amadeus Contribution to the Jenkins Literate Plugin and The Plugin's Value When Jenkins' SSH slaves meet the Corporate IT Security policy ► July Multi-Stage CI with Jenkins in an Embedded World Continuous Delivery: Deliver Software Faster and with Lower Risk Continuous Integration for node.js with Jenkins Continuous Delivery and Workflow An official Jenkins (LTS) image on Docker Hub Automating CD Pipelines with Jenkins - Part 1: Vagrant, Fabric and Selenium Injecting Secrets into Jenkins Builds Using the Credentials Plugin To Successfully Adopt Continuous Delivery, Organizations Need To Change Docker image to trial Jenkins Operation Center clustered setup The Butler and the Snake: Continuous Integration for Python by Timo Stollenwerk, Plone Foundation LIFX smart lightbulb build notifier plugin Jenkins Docker-Hub Plugin - Image-Based Workflows CloudBees Announces Public Sector Partnership with DLT Solutions ► June Jenkins Operations Center by CloudBees 1.1 Generally Available Today Using CloudBees build servers from your own Jenkins master - Linux and OS-X The CD Revolution - Come to Learn More! DockerCon highlights Jenkins User Conference Boston is almost here! DotCI - a plugin providing a new way to Build with Jenkins, Docker and Github. CD Summit: Learn From Continuous Delivery Experts ► May Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees May 2014 Release, generally available Webinar Q&A: Accelerating Innovation with Continuous Delivery and Jenkins Jenkins for Ops teams The Business Benefits of Continuous Delivery A Platform for Continuous Delivery Building Golang Projects on Jenkins DEV@cloud A Docker Delivery Pipeline for You to Try Out JenkinsCI workflow plugin open sourced Continuously Celebrating #CDday and Rewarding You! Announcing Continuous Delivery Day - May 21 ► April Agendas Posted for Upcoming Jenkins User Conferences Building resilient continuous integration infrastructure with CloudBees webinar Q&A Apache Mesos and Jenkins - Elastic Build Slaves Meet the Bees: Félix Belzunce Webhooks...They're Not Just for Nerds !! SSL vulnerability fix roll out and platforms vs servers ► March Jenkins - The Man Behind The Curtain Continuous Performance Testing in the Cloud (French) Meet the Bees: Ben Walding Tagzbox and MappedIn Israel Secure and Scalable Integration - CloudBees WEAVE@cloud integrations running on RUN@cloud The Docker build+publish plugin - and Dockerfile as build config Support for long-running builds in Jenkins SSL + bg deployment Using Docker in your build pipeline with OPEs Hi-speed Linux Builds for DEV@cloud Sacha Labourey on CloudBees Series C Funding Meet the Bees: This Week, Meet Vivek Pandey Updated node.js versions New App Framework Popularity Update ► February How to use Maven Android SDK Deployer Integrate third party libraries in your IOS project and build with Jenkins How to do Maven release builds from DEV@cloud to central CloudBees Buzzes on Verizon Cloud Using Jenkins with Docker Using a private external Maven repository on DEV@cloud Docker on OS-X Meet the Bees - Now Buzzing to the Northeastern US and Jesse Glick ► January Lessons Learned from Build-Flow Development Meet the New CTO Bee - Kohsuke Kawaguchi Real Devices, Real Tests - Using a Device Cloud with Jenkins Scaling Jenkins Horizontally webinar questions and answers. Maven: Keeping secrets out of Source Control CloudBees as a Visionary in Gartner's aPaaS MQ Updated Terms of Service Bonjour! Let's Buzz to France and Meet Bee Nicolas De Loof Introducing… Bee Hive! ► 2013 ► December AngularJS starter app updated Play framework clickstart updated: 2.2.1 and DB pooling settings Using Liftweb and CloudBees? Jetty 9.1 stack is ideal Using WEAVE@cloud to Integrate Apps, without Writing Code Building Android Gradle Apps with Jenkins Advocating microservices and FP: Free underpants (YOW! 2013 conference) Meet the Bees, Y'all - Now Buzzing to Texas to Meet Ryan Campbell Building Android Maven apps with Jenkins About PayPal's Node vs Java “fight” Asynchronous Tasks Using JMS Scaling Jenkins Horizontally with Jenkins Operations Center by CloudBees Meet the Bees! Buzzing Down Under, to Visit Michael Neale ► November How to Access/Populate CloudBees MySQL DBs Brief presentation on Continuous Delivery Meet the Bees! Buzzing Over to Ireland and Stephen Connolly... DEV@cloud Private Mounts no longer mounted by default Running Spring-Boot Apps on CloudBees WEAVE@cloud + Cloudant == flexible Customer Engagement via Totango, Mixpanel etc Using your repositories as a file store The Cloud and the Fall of Giants Jenkins User Conference 2013 Palo Alto -- BIG thank you! Quick reminder - setting the JVM version - example for Play2 ► October How to make your app aware of its other members in the cluster Running multiple versions of Node.js Your RUN@cloud Apps connecting to external SaaS Apps Vert.x 2 now available on CloudBees Quick tip on self-signed SSL certs Vert.x 2 Available on RUN@cloud! How to start on CloudBees What is CloudBees About? Newrelic and Node.js on CloudBees - how to set it up How to set up different environments on CloudBees platform Filesystem on the cloud: How to store files and images for your applications on CloudBees platform How to deploy a Play! application on CloudBees with a MySQL database How to do CI with GitHub, CloudBees, and the Play Framework JNDI Hell Step by step guide about how to deploy your Spring application on CloudBees A Year in the JCP Executive Committee What's the Future of Software? Play 2.2.0 clickstart upgraded - and how to use any version of SBT CloudBees Folders Plugin Now Open Source Microservices - a Brief Presentation New ClickStart: SendGrid with Tomcat Pfizer and Jenkins DEV@cloud - deploying drupal web properties SSH Slaves reloaded Spring Applications on CloudBees platform Jenkins User Conference: 8 Reasons Why You Can't Miss It Jenkins Deployer Plugin for CloudBees RUN@cloud got some love Jenkins Enterprise and the CloudBees support plugin: now even easier! New features added to Jenkins Enterprise's VMWare ESXi plugin Improving the Literate/Multi-branch UI Import Existing Authorization Strategy into Role-based Access Control Plugin ► September Jenkins Fast Archiver plugin: new major release! Literate Builds Make Configuring Jenkins Easier Perforce support available on DEV@cloud Quiet Start Plugin Step by step guide about how to deploy your Tomcat 7 application on CloudBees JUC Talk Preview: Preparing for Enterprise Continuous Delivery CloudBees and the Cloud-Extended Enterprise CloudBees Is Your Mobile CI Solution A brief History of the Literate Builds plugin for Jenkins How to try Literate Builds on DEV@cloud Deploy your application on CloudBees in two steps Literate builds - a big new thing for Jenkins CloudBees Now Offers SAML 2.0 Integration - Make Yourself at Home! Jetty 9.0.5 Available on RUN@cloud! New JBoss 7.2 ClickStack Play 2.2.0 is out - and it deploys to CloudBees The NSA, the Cloud and Our Reptilian Behavior Continuous Integration in .NET on CloudBees platform Continuous Information vol. 5 - CloudBees Newsletter for Jenkins See us next week at JavaOne GitHub on Jenkins New Continuous Cloud Delivery video out Getting Ready for the Jenkins User Conference Palo Alto! Entering the Cloud and Watching the New Wave of Sybases Jetty Available on RUN@cloud! Connect Your On-premise Resources to Jenkins in the Cloud From SQL to NoSQL: WEAVE@cloud and Cloudant Quick reminder - FireFox and Chrome are both available on build servers Health Check-up for Your Jenkins Validated Git Merges for DEV@cloud Preview your iOS app builds from inside Jenkins - thanks to app.io Java, Jenkins and Joie de Vivre: The Hive is Heading Your Way ► August VPN Service for Your Jenkins Builds Blue Green deployments - with Jenkins and the blue-green command Hands-on Workshop: Continuous Deployment with Jenkins and Deployit New Version of the Tomcat 7 Clickstack Using Play2? Consider updating your version to 2.1.3 (it is easy to do) Jenkins Fest 2013 - JUC Palo Alto, Oct 23 ► July PaaS+Integration = AppCentric Integration Global paas apps - your apps in EU and US with Geo-aware DNS and failover Messaging with AMQP on CloudBees. Jenkins Template plugin, builder templates and environment variables So you want to roll your own custom build of Jenkins Ruby CI clickstart - automated Jenkins setup so you don't have to. Jenkins User Conference Israel Highlights Sign up or Sign on with GitHub and Google Browser based GUI testing on CloudBees Play1 Clickstart - Play version 1 is back (or never left?) CORS - cross origin requests in the browser Jenkins Template Plugin and Build Parameters On Square's “Maven, Gems, and a JRuby Console for All” Continuous Cloud Delivery Workshop in Paris with Xebia on the 4th July ► June More love for play framework - newrelic support and plugin deployment Q & A from the Custom Runtimes on CloudBees webinar Websocket - how to Load Testing with Jenkins Continuous Integration in the Cloud: A Tutorial Introducing Variability into Jenkins Plugins Templates Webinar Follow-up Q&A Websocket, WebRTC and real time video chat (Bob and Alice!) Java EE 7 and GlassFish Day at CloudBees Private PaaS vs. Public PaaS - Bets Are Off Accelerate Sales Growth with PaaS - Q&A from Cloud Training Webinars Q&A: Setting Up Role-based Access Control ► May The CloudBees Support Plugin: Delivering Jenkins Support Faster Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees May 2013 Release, generally available Taming the Jenkins JSON API with Depth and "Tree" JUC Visits Israel on June 6 node.js on cloudbees - quick refresher Integrated third party apps on CloudBees - CloudAMQP and BlazeMeter - and how it works Continuous Information vol. 4 - CloudBees Newsletter for Jenkins Inside Linux Containers (LXC) with Jenkins at CloudBees CloudBees Buzzes in Europe! Q&A: A Tutorial for Getting Started with PaaS Recording of most recent hangout with Netflix Play Framework with AngularJS and WebJars iUI - iOS style web-apps for javascript developers on all devices Dart on CloudBees Grails ClickStarts Now Available Jetty on CloudBees ► April RUN@cloud UI now shows EU region Meet the Butler at Jenkins User Conference Palo Alto Quick and not so dirty private-mode for play2 apps Is semantic versioning a folly? LambdaJam Brisbane Recording of recent EU hangout/chat now available Google Go on CloudBees Activiti BPM plaform - try it with a clickstart CloudBees works from home? App framework popularity report (another update) About test coverage The Maven Way™ Continuous Cloud (clown?) Delivery - explained and demoed AngularJS test framework has been renamed Why Developers Should Care About Oracle's Upcoming Appeal of the Google Lawsuit Another US timezone hangout coming up No lock-in with CloudBees Evolving Toward Agile > 60% of a Bank's Traffic is Mobile Clients ► March iOS clickstart - get started with an iPhone app using Jenkins/CouchDB and CloudBees CloudBees: The Extra Member of the Team Continuous Cloud Delivery 2013 Application Release Trends SourceTree - git GUI - now available for windows Playing trade-offs with Maven Continuous Integration for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: Multi-Device Android Builds CloudBees hangs out volume 3 Safely granting direct access to your AWS services - a little known feature. On application deployment Continuous Engagement in a Zero Touch World Websocket support is now generally available Instant AngularJS Starter - brief book review AngularJS clickstart now runs e2e and unit tests in Chrome and Firefox CloudFoundry & DEV@cloud Jenkins now integrated. Meteor ClickStart Now Available ► February CloudBees hangs out EU edition Continuous Delivery with DEV@cloud and Cloud Foundry CloudBees hangs out - live google hangout in EU timezone Blue-Green Deployments - Continuous Deployment and Fast Rolling Back HTTPS access for cloudbees git repos now available Bit of a new look for grandcentral Step It Up to Continuous Delivery Without Breaking a Sweat! Working with NGINX for WebSockets Support Building Github pull requests with DEV@cloud JDK7 is now default for new apps - finally ! CloudBees Hangs Out App framework popularity update CITCON conference 2013 Play2.1 is out - and how amazing are Iteratees Web-app GUI/browser testing on CloudBees build servers Play Framework (our most popular framework) used by egraphs ► January A Catchup with CloudBees Developers: AngularJS - the New Hotness, API Design Rants, Analysis of Contributions with Git and More AngularJS - HTML for Apps. Try it Now as a ClickStart Does Community Matter (Oh and GIT is Frickin' Cool BTW) API Design is a Craft… and You Don't Have It! Jenkins Satisfaction Thoughts... in a Wordle The Most Insidious Bug Ever - Why Dependencies Are Evil It May Be the Silly Season but Bees Are Still Busy... Developers with multiple customers - one weird old tip Simple Web App <--> Email Integration with SendGrid's Parse API Bring your own Custom Slaves (build servers) for DEV@cloud Procfile support: sneak peek (with google go demo) Devoxx on CloudBees Jenkins CI survey infographic Today's Trends Bode Well for Jenkins CI New app framework popularity report - Rick Astley wouldn't give this up A Picture Is Worth 1000 Words 2012 Jenkins Survey Results Are In 2012 - it's a wrap Mobile Apps, Continuous Integration and Platform as a Service Code Forward: Meet the Awesome Developers Behind President Obama’s 2012 Re-Election ► 2012 ► December Should You Deploy -SNAPSHOTs Token Vending Machine ClickStarts and How to Build Them Putting Our PaaS Core (Genapp) on GitHub Asgard and SimianArmy from Netflix IntelliJ IDEA 12 Adds Support for CloudBees Maven and the "Install" Hack New podcast episode is out ClickStarts that use services (eg Cloudant, Saucelabs) Amazon Web Services and Platform as a Service: Putting it all Together Amazon Web Services and Platform as a Service: iOS and Android Mobile Clients CITCON 2013 - Sydney - CI conf Amazon Web Services and Platform as a Service: IAM and the Secure Token Service Amazon Web Services and Platform as a Service: Building Apps with Maven and Eclipse Amazon Web Services and Platform as a Service: The New Enterprise Java Make your own Runtime in 10 minutes or less - the quick stack click stack New application instance commands Continuous Integration for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: A Note on Android NDK Builds Mobile Builds with Jenkins in the Cloud: Recap and Launching the Emulators Bring your own runtime- Guide for building Clickstacks released ► November Maven Profiles and “The Maven Way” How Buildhive hooks into GitHub Michael Speaking on Clojure next week Jenkins Security Advisory Patch Available Within Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees November 2012 Release Leiningen support (clojure) for buildhive - autodetecting builds PHP and Redis - new versions on DEV@cloud Q&A for "Setting up Continuous Delivery with Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees and Deployit" Opensource homepage for CloudBees Background Task Scheduling - How We Do It New SDK commands for dedicated server self service SBT convenience ClickStack 500 jclouds Builds on BuildHive and Counting… Node.js and Erlang platforms at CloudBees Hybrid functional languages and the JVM The many ways to deploy an application from DEV@cloud to RUN@cloud CloudBees developers google group Finding Port or Address of Your Application The ClickStart award Continuous Integration for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: SOASTA CloudTest for iOS Apps Mobile CI with Jenkins Videos Unit Test Results, Code Coverage and Quality Metrics for Android Apps ► October Using SSH from Jenkins Good sequential code != Good parallel code != Good concurrent code Click to Start Your Community on Your Stack Continuous Integration for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: Promoted Builds, the QA Process and Beta Distribution Sign on with google New Relic Launches Key Transactions and Unveils New UI Vote for CloudBees for the JCP Executive Committee Use of Erlang in Agent Smith - the Core of the PaaS Some other stacks available for deployment Clojure ClickStart now available - impress your friends Google App Engine & CloudBees Our use of RabbitMQ Principles of reliable systems presentation The Cross-Build Injection Attack Fallacy Tired of bash scripting? CloudBees Developer Blog Lots of new stuff - September 2012 edition I ♥ New Relic The CloudBees developer blog Play! Framework - Version 2 Goes Native on CloudBees Write Code, Reuse Code or Get Out of the Way Public Static[] Void Main and ClickStacks CloudBees, ClickStarts and New Relic - The Trifecta to Quickly Get Developers Productive Packaging Matters: What ClickStarts and ClickStacks Mean for CloudBees Partners Two Great Tastes that Taste Great Together Customizing and Extending CloudBees – The New Open First post ! ► September Take the 2012 Jenkins Survey The Full Stack Developer Heroku Java Support vs. CloudBees Continuous Integration for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: Android Builds Continuous Integration to Continuous Deployment with Jenkins and Deployit Q&A: "Continuous Integration to Continuous Deployment with Jenkins and Deployit" Scripted Integration Tests with Jenkins and CloudBees 2012, the Year of the Postmortem? CAMP, Standards and Relevance Continuous Deployment for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: Back-End Services and Integration Testing Continuous Deployment for Mobile Apps with Jenkins: iOS Builds Get Memcache on CloudBees with MemCachier ► August Jenkins Git Server Plugin ClickStarts: Building Your Own from a CloudBees Template Continuous Deployment and Testing for Mobile Applications ClickStart: Scala Plus Lift Web Apps in One Click ClickStart: Backbone Plus RESTful App in One Click ClickStart: Building Maven-based Hibernate Apps on Tomcat in One Click ClickStart: Java EE 6 KitchenSink App in One Click ClickStart: Deploy an App, Repo, Database and Jenkins Build in One Click Dev to Deploy: One Toolbar to Rule Them All REST Web Services in the Cloud: Part 2 Securing PaaS REST Web Services in the Cloud: Part 1 Feed Your Slaves to the Jenkins Master in the Cloud OAuth at CloudBees Selenium WebDriver Best Practices Meetup: Aug 23rd in Austin Using CloudBees Environment Profiles with Maven and Eclipse Using the CloudBees Maven Plug-in with Eclipse ► July Getting Started with CloudBees and Eclipse Denial of Service Attack on DNS Event Conclusion: The Cloud is IT's Most Important Tectonic Shift Jenkins User Conference Israel Cloud Beers this Friday in Our West Coast Office Folders Plugin Now with Support for Moving Items Organizing Jobs with Views Instead of Folders - Just Like My Grandma! The Cloud as a Tectonic Shift in IT: The Death of Middleware Adopt OpenJDK Jenkins User Conference in Herzliya, Israel CloudBees’ Postmortem on Two Recent Outages: AWS and Leap Second Linux Bug The Cloud as a Tectonic Shift in IT: The Death of Operating Systems (as We Know Them) ► June Don't Shoot the Messenger (the PMD Plugin) New Relic Launches App Speed Index and Custom Dashboards Jenkins Protip – Artifact Propagation The Cloud as a Tectonic Shift in IT: The Irrelevance of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Android CI on DEV@cloud Support JUC and Help the Jenkins Community Prosper The Cloud as a Tectonic Shift in IT: The Industrialization of IT Michel Goossens: From Time Magazine 1982 to CloudBees! Jenkins User Conference -- New York Wrap-up Push Changes to BuildHive and Never Run Your Tests ► May How to Use Jenkins for Job Chaining and Visualizations BuildHive: Build GitHub Projects in Cloud-enabled Community Jenkins Announcing BuildHive! Follow-up on HP's Cloud Announcement and Other News... Jenkins User Conference Paris Summary CloudBees is Live on HP Cloud Services Upcoming CloudBees Webinar: Application Lifecycle Management with PaaS ► April More Jenkins Value from CloudBees xUnit Plugin Create Your Startup in a Weekend Continuous Information – The Latest in Jenkins Continuous Integration How Can We Make Mobile App Development Even Better? Improvements in Jenkins You Don't See Watching Out for Jenkins Security Advisories April Events The Butler's Service: A Special Offer for our European Jenkins Community! Jenkins UI Improvements! ► March Using Codesion Git Repositories with DEV@cloud Jenkins Style: It's a Mad Man Who Pretends He Doesn't Want It... (a.k.a. Checkstyle) Jenkins Jabber Plugin with Google Talk Angry Birds, Cloud Bees, & Naked Cowboys at SXSW Let Jenkins Keep You Notified! (with the Instant Messaging Plugin) CloudBees Platform: Best Performers Webinar Recap: Exploiting the Cloud for Speedy Development & Continuous Delivery Erlang at CloudBees Come join us on “Selenium, Jenkins, Robots, Oh My!” tomorrow Don't Phunk with My Stable Branch: Jenkins Pre-tested Commits to Stop Breaking Stable Branches Using Git with Jenkins Mobile Mania at the 2012 App Olympics Using Jenkins Templates Plugin to Construct Reusable Jobs and Builders ► February March Madness at CloudBees Open Sourcing the Credentials Plugin Let Jenkins Hit Itself in the Head without Fear (a.k.a. Restart Safely) CloudBees Introduces Subversion, Git Plus Other Best of Breed Development and Agile Tools with CollabNet Jenkins IRC Plugin Service-Based PaaS Architecture AnyCloud: Centralized Control, Local Flexibility Selenium, Jenkins, Robots, Oh My! Solving the Private vs. Public PaaS Dichotomy: Discover CloudBees AnyCloud! Sticky Sessions Load Balancing and High Availability Securing the Cloud: Part 3 - Credentials and Password Policies New RUN Pricing (and Venti Chai Latte) Agile Best Practices: Exploiting the Cloud for Speedy Development & Continuous Delivery A Festival of Emerging Technology in Philly Tasks and Warnings with Jenkins Dependency Graph Viewer for Jenkins ► January Who Will Make the Best PaaS this Sunday? Controlling What You See (with the View Job Filters Jenkins Plugin) Jenkins Support Comes to WANdisco’s uberSVN Platform Writing Programs that Drive Jenkins Painless Maven Builds with Jenkins Postgres in the Cloud Goodness with CloudBees Securing the Cloud: Part 2 - Managing Security Around Remote Login and Development You Ain’t Nothin’ but a Clound-Dog… with an iPad Emma Plugin for Jenkins: Easy Code Coverage Reports Securing the Cloud: Part 1 - Managing Credentials Amazon 1 - Microsoft 0 A Big Welcome to "Continuous Information" – the CloudBees Newsletter for Jenkins Better Integration Between Jenkins and GitHub (with the GitHub Jenkins Plugin) Global Build Stats Plugin CloudBees Wins a Perfect Trifecta! Creating Jenkins: Kohsuke's Story on Chariot Techcast Using the Jenkins Subversion Plugin ► 2011 ► December Jenkins Now Acts as an SSH Daemon DEV@cloud Meets GitHub Janky Jenkins Community Survey Results: 82% Consider Jenkins Mission Critical Hello Java, Hello iPad, Hello World! Upcoming Jenkins Training in San Francisco & Tokyo I've Got 99 Problems but Scala Ain't One How Much Does CI Development in the Cloud Cost? Less Than You Think! Enhanced Pricing and Packaging for the CloudBees Platform Session Affinity (Sticky Sessions) Devops in the Cloud – Meetup this Thursday at Netflix What's Next for Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees? Jenkins Plugin Tip: Access Control and Visibility in Actions Install Plugins Without Restarting Jenkins ► November Polling Must Die: Triggering Jenkins Builds from a Git Hook Releasing Jenkins Enterprise by CloudBees Continuous Delivery with Grails and CloudBees Easy Deployment of Clojure Apps on CloudBees SendGrid is Now Part of the CloudBees Ecosystem Monitoring Jenkins in Eclipse The CI Train Has Left the Station Introducing the Templates Plugin Virtualization and Clouds Announcing the Availability of Nectar 11.10 - New Release of CloudBees' Enterprise Version of Jenkins CI Jenkins Community - Report Bugs, Win Big! Take the Jenkins Survey! ► October XWiki SAS Joins the CloudBees Ecosystem Let the WAR File be the Unit of Deployment Expanding the Integrated CloudBees Ecosystem CloudBees Running for a JCP Executive Committee Seat! Jenkins: The Safe and Sensible Choice for CI What a Week! JUC, JavaOne, TAB & More… ORCL and the Cloud: the Good, the Bad and the Ugly ► September Java EE6 in the Cloud, in Production, Today DEV@cloud Private Edition beta bits available: Manage your Jenkins sprawl Steve Harris Joins CloudBees as SVP of Products Steven Harris, On Joining CloudBees 15 Minutes to Liferay on the CloudBees PaaS 3 Quick Steps to Use Jenkins with uberSVN Lose It! CEO Charles Teague Extols Value of PaaS JUC: All Our Ducks Are in a Row! Making the Most of Jenkins CI Continuous Integration with Subversion and Jenkins Master Jenkins and Accelerate Application Development: September 23 in London, October 14 in Tokyo! Recent Google App Engine News: Think Beyond Pricing... Jenkins User Conference Weather Report ► August Bees Outside the Hive API Token in Jenkins REST API Jenkins Internal: Action and Its Subtypes The State of JUC A Hive Full of Resources MongoHQ and CloudBees Announce Partnership Liferay, Red Hat Join as Sponsors for Jenkins User Conference WELCOME: André Pino as VP of Marketing Deploying PHP Applications on CloudBees Enterprise IT and the Hungry Beast Jenkins User Conference: Call for Papers Deadline Sept 1, 2011 Jenkins User Conference: Proposed Agenda Jenkins User Conference ► July Kohsuke wins an "O’Reilly Open Source Award" O'Reilly Open Source Awards Recognize Kohsuke and Jenkins Enterprise Jenkins with SVN: A Bit o' Honey from WANdisco and CloudBees Instant CouchDB - Watch the CloudBees Ecosystem in Action CloudBees Raises Series-B from LightSpeed Venture Partners 6 Major Differences Between Jenkins and Nectar CloudBees Webinar: Authentication and Authorization in Jenkins on July 27th NoSQL: CouchDB with CloudBees and Cloudant CloudBees Toolkit for Eclipse: Bringing the Cloud to Eclipse Developers Five Reasons Why Developers Choose Jenkins Over Hudson for Continuous Integration Upcoming Jenkins Training in New York ► June dotCloud – Helping the Transition to the Cloud Interested in FREE New Relic Standard Edition for your Java apps? It’s part of CloudBees’ new partner ecosystem! Public Key Authentication in Jenkins CLI Full-on Cloud Dev with Turnkey Integration Testing CloudBees Ecosystem Launch – Discover CloudBees^2 5 Steps to Take Locals Apps & Continuously Deploy in the Cloud Stairway to Heaven...in Cloud: Webinar Recording, Slides and Q&A Webinar 6/8, 10am PT: Climbing the CloudBees "Stairway to Heaven" to Take Apps to the Cloud WELCOME: Jim McLoughlin as VP of Sales ► May Setting the Record Right on a News Report by GigaOM For-Pay Offering for RUN@cloud State of the Frameworks on RUN@cloud Upcoming Training in London Squeeze More Juice Out of Jenkins: Manage Large Jobs, RBAC and Others with Nectar 11.04 Enrolling in CloudBees Beta Program for Private Cloud Solutions DEV@cloud Enhancements ► April CloudBees Going Hybrid CloudBees Downtime - Final Status New Webinars: State of Jenkins and Stairway to Heaven...in the Cloud CloudBees Downtime - Status Artifactory Plugin for Jenkins and Jenkins Project Status Just Announced: Next Training in San Francisco on June 14th Integrated App Monitoring and Management from New Relic for RUN@cloud TGIF Gift: Video Recording, Slides of "Securing Jenkins" Webinar Returning to JBoss World with CloudBees Come Chat with Us, Online DEV@cloud Entering Its Next Phase ► March A Glance into the Future of Continuous Integration, and Other Upcoming CloudBees Events What is a PaaS, After All? March Newsletter: "Mastering Jenkins Security" Webinar on Mar 31st, 10am PT and Other News... Hiring! Sales Engineer and Consultant Welcoming Our Newest Bees… Writing Automatic Tool Installer for Jenkins Why Smart, Efficient Backup and Restore Techniques Are Essential with Jenkins Production Server Eclipse Toolkit for Jenkins and DEV@cloud Whitepaper: 7 Ways to Optimize Jenkins NoSQL and CloudBees CloudBees in the News: Open(?) PaaS ► February CloudBees DEV@cloud, RUN@cloud Video Tours Available Why Use a PaaS Over a IaaS Spring Java Web Apps to the Cloud - Mar 2nd Webinar Continuous Deployment - DEV@cloud to RUN@cloud The CloudBees Gem for Deployment to RUN@cloud Running MyFaces, Rails on CloudBees Plus Recent News Round Up ► January CloudBees Platform is GA Hudson is Now Jenkins Recording/Slides of "7 Ways to Optimize Hudson" Webinar CloudBees Announces Hudson Training Java in the Cloud: Amazon Joins the Party Webinar: 7 Ways to Optimize Hudson for Production Hudson/Jenkins – Some More Context and Thoughts ► 2010 ► December Rackspace Busts Some Cloud Computing Myths CloudBees-Stax Webinar: Follow-up CloudBees Acquires Stax Networks ► November CloudBees Raises $4m USD from Matrix Partners Cross Cloud APIs Tokyo Hudson User Meetup Why a PaaS? - The Hudson Use Case The Hudson Open Source Community InfraDNA and CloudBees Joining Forces ► October Hudson as a Service release, 2010-10-22 CloudBees is Hiring: Product Management & Marketing position Meet the CloudBees Team at Devoxx - Nov 16 to 18 Are You Ready to Put your Source Code "in the Cloud?" ► September Automation in the Cloud ► August Welcome to CloudBees Home Jenkins About Jenkins Jenkins Newsletter Jenkins Training Jenkins Security Advisories Jenkins World Jenkins 2.0 Jenkins Certification Products CloudBees Jenkins Platform Private SaaS Edition Jenkins in the Cloud Pricing Services and Support Continuous Delivery CD with Docker CD for Government CD with Jenkins Pipeline The CD Journal Customers Partners Partner Programs AWS Microsoft Azure Pivotal Red Hat Resources Whitepapers Recordings Collateral DevOps Radio Company Blog Events & Webinars Team Investors News Room Careers Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus Login ©CloudBees,  Inc.  2010– Privacy Policy    Terms of Service    Security
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Companies Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement Comey: FBI Wants 'Adult Conversation' On Device Encryption 4 months 1 week ago Comments by Eric Tucker, Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) — FBI Director James Comey warned again Tuesday about the bureau's inability to access digital devices because of encryption and said investigators were collecting information about the challenge in preparation for an "adult conversation" next year. Widespread encryption built into smartphones is "making more and more of the room that we are charged to investigate dark," Comey said in a cybersecurity symposium. The remarks reiterated points that Comey has made repeatedly in the last two years, before Congress and in other settings, about the growing collision between electronic privacy and national security. The Justice Department decided within the last year to not seek a legislative resolution, and some of the public debate surrounding the FBI's legal fight with Apple Inc. has subsided in the last few months since federal authorities were able to access a locked phone in a terror case without the help of the technology giant. The FBI this year sought a court order to force Apple to help it hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California shooters, a demand the tech giant said would dramatically weaken security of its products.The FBI ultimately got into the phone with the help of an unidentified third party, concluding the court case but leaving unresolved the underpinning legal questions. Comey made clear Tuesday he expects that dialogue to continue. "The conversation we've been trying to have about this has dipped below public consciousness now, and that's fine," Comey said at a symposium organized by Symantec, a technology company. "Because what we want to do is collect information this year so that next year we can have an adult conversation in this country." The American people, he said, have a reasonable expectation of privacy in private spaces — including houses, cars and electronic devices. But that right is not absolute when law enforcement has probable cause to believe that there's evidence of a crime in one of those places, including a laptop or smartphone. "With good reason, the people of the United States — through judges and law enforcement — can invade our private spaces," Comey said, adding that that "bargain" has been at the center of the country since its inception. He said it's not the role of the FBI or tech companies to tell the American people how to live and govern themselves. "We need to understand in the FBI, how is this exactly affecting our work, and then share that with folks," Comey said, conceding the American people might ultimately decide that its privacy was more important than "that portion of the room being dark" to the FBI. He also stood by the Justice Department's decision to bring indictments against Chinese and Iranian officials in major cyberattack cases in the last two years, rejecting criticism from those who call criminal charges meaningless gestures unlikely to result in convictions. "We want to lock some people up, so that we send a message that it's not a freebie to kick in the door, metaphorically, of an American company or private citizen and steal what matters to them," Comey said. "And if we can't lock people up, we want to call (them) out. We want to name and shame through indictments, or sanctions, or public relation campaigns —who is doing this and exactly what they're doing." Those actions can make a foreign defendant think twice before traveling overseas, and can deter governments. He maintained that there's been progress with the Chinese government since 2014 indictments that accused five Chinese military officials of siphoning secrets from American corporations. "We are working hard to make people at keyboards feel our breath on their necks and try to change that behavior," he said. "We've got to get to a point where we can reach them as easily as they can reach us and change behavior by that reach-out." Technology Related Reads New FBI Head In San Francisco Was Key Figure In iPhone Hack FBI Chief Calls For National Talk Over Encryption Vs. Safety U.S. Rebuts Apple Claim On Password Reset In iPhone Case Comey: Conversations About Encryption Issue Still Needed Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Companies Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement Apple's Foreign Tax Payments Since 2003 4 months 1 week ago Comments by Felix Richter Concluding a two-year long investigation, the European Commission has ordered Apple to pay up to €13 billion ($14.5 billion) in back taxes for its subsidiaries in Ireland. The Commission argues that Apple received “undue tax benefits” between 2003 and 2014, violating EU state aid rules.  As our chart illustrates, Apple’s provisions for income taxes outside of the United States amounted to just $4.89 billion during said period. According to the European Commission’s statement, the company paid an effective tax rate ranging from 1 percent in 2003 to 0.005 percent in 2014 on its European profits during the time. To put that in perspective, Apple paid an effective tax rate of 26.1 percent in the United States in 2014, with income taxes adding up to almost $60 billion between 2003 and 2014.  Both Apple and Ireland have already denied the Commission’s allegations and announced that they are going to appeal against today’s ruling. It will be interesting to see how this plays out in the end, as it may be the first case of a company being ordered to pay back taxes to a government that doesn’t even want the money. This chart shows how much Apple paid in income taxes outside the United States between 2003 and 2014. Regulatory Related Reads EU Rejects U.S. Concerns Of Bias In Company Tax Investigations EU Says Apple Must Pay Up To 13B Euros In Back Taxes EU Aims To Deploy 5G Technology Europe-wide By 2025 EU Agency to Probe Tattoo Ink Chemicals Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
