Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Our Bots, Ourselves How the descendants of Siri and Alexa could change our daily lives, thoughts, and relationships Alvaro Dominguez Most Popular Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray Feb 10, 2017 How to Build an Autocracy David Frum Jan 30, 2017 The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover Feb 10, 2017 Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Feb 10, 2017 Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Feb 10, 2017 Matthew Hutson March 2017 Issue Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size In the coming decades, artificial intelligence will replace a lot of human jobs, from driving trucks to analyzing X-rays. But it will also work with us, taking over mundane personal tasks and enhancing our cognitive capabilities. As AI continues to improve, digital assistants—often in the form of disembodied voices—will become our helpers and collaborators, managing our schedules, guiding us through decisions, and making us better at our jobs. We’ll have something akin to Samantha from the movie Her or Jarvis from Iron Man: AI “agents” that know our likes and dislikes, and that free us up to focus on what humans do best, or what we most enjoy. Here’s what to expect. 1 | A Voice in Your Head Anyone who’s used Siri (on Apple products) or Alexa (on Amazon Echo) has already spoken with a digital assistant. In the future, such “conversational platforms” will be our primary means of interacting with AI, according to Kun Jing, who oversees a digital assistant called Duer for the Chinese search engine Baidu. The big tech companies are racing to create the one agent to rule them all: In addition to Siri, Alexa, and Duer, there’s Microsoft’s Cortana, Facebook’s M, and Google Assistant. Even Mattel is getting in on the action: It recently announced Aristotle, a voice-controlled AI device that can soothe babies, read bedtime stories, and tutor older kids. These voice systems might eventually go from something you talk to on a device to something that’s in your head. Numerous companies—including Sony and Apple—have developed wireless earbuds with microphones, so your virtual helper might be able to coach you on dates and interviews or discreetly remind you to take your meds. You might even be able to communicate back without making a sound. nasa has developed a system that uses sensors on the skin of the throat and neck to interpret nerve activity. When users silently move their tongues as if speaking, the system can tell what words they’re forming—even if they don’t produce any noise and barely move their lips. Dea / G. Dagli Orti/ Getty; © Thomas Jefferson Foundation at Monticello / on loan from the University of Virginia; str / Calvin Campbell / AP; Ben Margot / AP 2 | Talking Cereal Boxes Your main AI agent won’t be the only new voice in your life. You’ll likely confront a cacophony of appliances and services chiming in, since companies want you to use their proprietary systems. Ryan Gavin, who oversees Microsoft’s Cortana, says that in 10 years you might select furniture at the mall and say, “Hey, Cortana, can you work with the Pottery Barn bot to arrange payment and delivery?” Consider this a digitally democratized version of the old power move: “Have your bot call my bot.” Nova Spivack, a futurist and entrepreneur who works with AI, says a wearable device like Google Glass might, for example, recognize a book and then connect you to an online voice representing that book so you can ask it questions. Everything in the world could be up for a chat. (“Hello, box of Corn Flakes. Am I allergic to you?”) Your agent might also augment reality with visual overlays—showing you a grocery list as you shop or displaying facts about strangers as you meet them. All of which sounds rather intrusive. Not to worry, says Subbarao Kambhampati, the president of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence: Future agents, like trusted friends, will be able to read you and know when to interrupt—and when to leave you alone. 3 | Smarter Together In 1997, a reigning world chess champion, Garry Kasparov, lost a match to the supercomputer Deep Blue. He later found that even an amateur player armed with a mediocre computer could outmatch the smartest player or the most powerful computer working alone. Since then, others have pursued human-computer collaborations in the arts and sciences. A subfield of AI called computational creativity forges algorithms that can write music, paint portraits, and tell jokes. So far the results haven’t threatened to put artists out of work, but these systems can augment human imagination. David Cope, a composer at UC Santa Cruz, created a program he named Emily Howell, with which he chats and shares musical ideas. “It is a conversationalist composer friend,” he says. “It is a true assistant.” She scores some music, he tells her what he likes and doesn’t like, and together they compose symphonies. IBM’s Watson, the AI system best known for winning Jeopardy, has engaged in creative collaborations, too. It suggested clips from the horror movie Morgan to use for a trailer, for instance, allowing the editor to produce a finished product in a day rather than in weeks. Eventually, digital assistants may co-author anything from the perfect corporate memo to the next great American novel. Jamie Brew, a comedy writer for the website ClickHole, developed a predictive text interface that takes examples of a literary form and assists in producing new pieces, by giving the user a series of choices for what word to write next. Together he and the interface have churned out a new X-Files script and mock Craigslist ads and IMDb content warnings. 4 | Mutual Understanding Most machine-learning systems are unable to explain in human terms why they made a decision or what they intend to do next. But researchers are working to fix that. The military’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency recently announced a plan to invest significantly in explainable AI, or XAI, to make machine-learning systems more correctable, predictable, and trustworthy. Armed with XAI, your digital assistant might be able to tell you it picked a certain driving route because it knows you like back roads, or that it suggested a word change so that the tone of your email would be friendlier. In addition, with more awareness, “the robot would know when to ask for help,” says Manuela Veloso, the head of Carnegie Mellon’s machine-learning department, who calls this skill “symbiotic autonomy.” From Our March 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe Researchers are developing artificial emotional intelligence, or emotion AI, so that our agents can better understand us, too. Companies such as Affectiva and Emotient (which was bought by Apple) have created systems that read emotions in users’ faces. IBM’s Watson can analyze text not just for emotion but for tone and, over time, for personality, according to Rob High, Watson’s chief technology officer. Eventually, AI systems will analyze a person’s voice, face, posture, words, context, and user history for a better understanding of what the user is feeling and how to respond. The next step, according to Rana el Kaliouby, Affectiva’s co-founder and CEO, will be an emotion chip in our phones and TVs that can react in real time. “I think in the future we’ll assume that every device just knows how to read your emotions,” she says. 5 | Getting Attached We already know that people can form emotional bonds with Roomba vacuum cleaners and other relatively rudimentary robots. How will we relate to AI agents that speak to us in human voices and seem to understand us on a deep level? Spivack, the futurist, pictures people partnering with lifelong virtual companions. You’ll give an infant an intelligent toy that learns about her and tutors her and grows along with her. “It starts out as a little cute stuffed animal,” he says, “but it evolves into something that lives in the cloud and they access on their phone. And then by 2050 or whatever, maybe it’s a brain implant.” Among the many questions raised by such a scenario, Spivack asks: “Who owns our agents? Are they a property of Google?” Could our oldest friends be revoked or reprogrammed at will? And without our trusted assistants, will we be helpless? El Kaliouby, of Affectiva, sees a lot of questions around autonomy: What can an assistant do on our behalf? Should it be able to make purchases for us? What if we ask it to do something illegal—could it override our commands? She also worries about privacy. If an AI agent determines that a teenager is depressed, can it inform his parents? Spivack says we’ll need to decide whether agents have something like doctor-patient or attorney-client privilege. Can they report us to law enforcement? Can they be subpoenaed? And what if there’s a security breach? Some people worry that advanced AI will take over the world, but Kambhampati, of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, thinks malicious hacking is the far greater risk. Given the intimacy that we may develop with our ever-present assistants, if the wrong person were able to break in, what was once our greatest auxiliary could become our greatest liability. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video The Crippling Fear of Everlasting Life While many dream of an afterlife, people with apeirophobia are terrified of eternal existence. Caitlin Cadieux and Daniel Lombroso Feb 8, 2017 About the Author Matthew Hutson is a science writer based in New York City. He is the author of The 7 Laws of Magical Thinking. Most Popular Presented by Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Behind the Internet's Anti-Democracy Movement Rosie Gray White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is reportedly a reader of neoreactionary political theory. A tour through the pro-authoritarian philosophy gaining visibility on the right. White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has been in contact via intermediaries with Curtis Yarvin, Politico Magazine reported this week. Yarvin, a software engineer and blogger, writes under the name Mencius Moldbug. His anti-egalitarian arguments have formed the basis for a movement called “neoreaction.” The main thrust of Yarvin’s thinking is that democracy is a bust; rule by the people doesn’t work, and doesn’t lead to good governance. He has described it as an “ineffective and destructive” form of government, which he associates with “war, tyranny, destruction and poverty.” Yarvin’s ideas, along with those of the English philosopher Nick Land, have provided a structure of political theory for parts of the white-nationalist movement calling itself the alt-right. The alt-right can be seen as a political movement; neoreaction, which adherents refer to as NRx, is a philosophy. At the core of that philosophy is a rejection of democracy and an embrace of autocratic rule. Continue Reading Jeffrey Smith How to Build an Autocracy David Frum The preconditions are present in the U.S. today. Here’s the playbook Donald Trump could use to set the country down a path toward illiberalism. It’s 2021, and President Donald Trump will shortly be sworn in for his second term. The 45th president has visibly aged over the past four years. He rests heavily on his daughter Ivanka’s arm during his infrequent public appearances. Fortunately for him, he did not need to campaign hard for reelection. His has been a popular presidency: Big tax cuts, big spending, and big deficits have worked their familiar expansive magic. Wages have grown strongly in the Trump years, especially for men without a college degree, even if rising inflation is beginning to bite into the gains. The president’s supporters credit his restrictive immigration policies and his TrumpWorks infrastructure program. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. Continue Reading Olena Shmahalo / Quanta Magazine The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover In a brilliant new experiment, physicists have confirmed one of the most mysterious laws of the cosmos. There might be no getting around what Albert Einstein called “spooky action at a distance.” With an experiment described this week in Physical Review Letters—a feat that involved harnessing starlight to control measurements of particles shot between buildings in Vienna—some of the world’s leading cosmologists and quantum physicists are closing the door on an intriguing alternative to “quantum entanglement.” “Technically, this experiment is truly impressive,” said Nicolas Gisin, a quantum physicist at the University of Geneva who has studied this loophole around entanglement. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Who Will Be the First Victim of White House Chaos? David A. Graham Michael Flynn reportedly misled the vice president about conversations with Russia. Sean Spicer has never found his stride. Kellyanne Conway is in Congress’s sights. Welcome to Survivor: West Wing. It is a truth universally peddled by wisemen and -women in Washington, though not necessarily obeyed by presidents, that when the White House is in trouble, the best cure is to hoist the head of an adviser on a spike of the fence encircling the executive mansion. Firing—sorry, accepting the resignation of—an adviser makes for an easy way to demonstrate that the administration understands it has a problem and is working to fix it. That person doesn’t necessarily need to be the root of the problem, though it’s helpful if they’re at least somewhat involved. Other times, some bad press offers a useful pretext for pushing out someone who was already on thin ice. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters Michael Flynn's Debacle David Frum Trump’s national security adviser’s potentially false statements about his pre-inauguration contacts with Russian officials are a major scandal. “This reminds me of the run-up to Iran- Contra.” The person offering that gloomy observation was a veteran of many years in and around the US defense community. Unusually for a person with such a background, he had been a Trump supporter even during the Republican primaries. Now, though, he was worried. The new National Security Council leadership was taking form—and he feared he saw history repeating itself. “The National Security Council,” he warned, “is not one executive body. It is a deliberative body.” But the new national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, obviously hungered to carry out policy, not merely preside over policy formation. That way lay the disaster that had befallen Reagan's national security advisers Bud Macfarlane and John Poindexter in the 1980s, who were convicted of lying to Congress about the administration selling arms to Iran to finance anti-communist militants in Nicaragua. Continue Reading Doane Gregory / Universal Studios Fifty Shades Darker: A Spoilereview Christopher Orr A blow-by-blow recounting of an awful, retrograde sequel “I want you back. We can renegotiate terms.” Ah, love. The above line is delivered to Anastasia Steele by Christian Grey near the beginning of Fifty Shades Darker, the second movie adaptation of the trilogy of zillion-selling erotic novels by Erika Mitchell (pen name E. L. James). But one imagines similar words being spoken by executives of Universal Pictures to Mitchell herself following the completion of the first installment in the series, Fifty Shades of Grey. That film was directed by the respected artist Sam (short for Samantha) Taylor-Johnson, and she and Mitchell reportedly fought over almost every aspect of the production, the latter having been granted uncommon creative control when she signed over the rights to her books. The result was a very bad movie, but one considerably less bad than the book it was based on. Continue Reading Daron Dean / Reuters Conflict Over Trump Forces Out an Opinion Editor at The Wall Street Journal Rosie Gray The departure follows weeks of reports of tension on the paper's news side about how to cover Trump. The Wall Street Journal’s editorial features editor has left the paper following tensions over the section drifting in a pro-Donald Trump direction. News of the departure of Mark Lasswell, who edited op-eds for the Journal, comes as the paper’s internal tensions over Trump have begun to spill into public view. The reliably hawkish, pro-trade, small government conservative Journal op-ed page has been challenged by the rise of the populist, nationalist Trump movement. The Journal’s opinion pages have been a showcase for the intra-right divide over Trump, featuring Trump-sympathetic writers like Bill McGurn alongside anti-Trump columnists such as Bret Stephens. Lasswell appears to be a casualty of that divide, and his dismissal a victory for the pro-Trump faction on the editorial staff. Continue Reading Mike Blake / Reuters 'Give Us Your Passwords' Kaveh Waddell What happens if border agents are allowed to demand access to your phone and online accounts—and turn you away if you don’t comply? “What sites do you visit? And give us your passwords.” That’s what U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly wants foreign visitors to hear before they’re allowed to enter the United States. “If they don’t want to give us that information, then they don’t come,” he said, while testifying in front of the House Homeland Security Committee on Tuesday. The suggestion was met with horror among privacy advocates. “With that kind of access, they can not only see what you’ve publicly posted, but things you haven't posted yet, private messages, private lists, they can impersonate you, and even do these things on accident,” wrote Joseph Lorenzo Hall, the chief technologist at the Center for Democracy and Technology, on his website. “This kind of access is profoundly invasive.” Continue Reading Michal Novotný How Your Cat Is Making You Crazy Kathleen McAuliffe Jaroslav Flegr is no kook. And yet, for years, he suspected his mind had been taken over by parasites that had invaded his brain. So the prolific biologist took his science-fiction hunch into the lab. What he’s now discovering will startle you. Could tiny organisms carried by house cats be creeping into our brains, causing everything from car wrecks to schizophrenia? No one would accuse Jaroslav Flegr of being a conformist. A self-described “sloppy dresser,” the 53-year-old Czech scientist has the contemplative air of someone habitually lost in thought, and his still-youthful, square-jawed face is framed by frizzy red hair that encircles his head like a ring of fire. Certainly Flegr’s thinking is jarringly unconventional. Starting in the early 1990s, he began to suspect that a single-celled parasite in the protozoan family was subtly manipulating his personality, causing him to behave in strange, often self-destructive ways. And if it was messing with his mind, he reasoned, it was probably doing the same to others. The parasite, which is excreted by cats in their feces, is called Toxoplasma gondii (T. gondii or Toxo for short) and is the microbe that causes toxoplasmosis—the reason pregnant women are told to avoid cats’ litter boxes. Since the 1920s, doctors have recognized that a woman who becomes infected during pregnancy can transmit the disease to the fetus, in some cases resulting in severe brain damage or death. T. gondii is also a major threat to people with weakened immunity: in the early days of the AIDS epidemic, before good antiretroviral drugs were developed, it was to blame for the dementia that afflicted many patients at the disease’s end stage. Healthy children and adults, however, usually experience nothing worse than brief flu-like symptoms before quickly fighting off the protozoan, which thereafter lies dormant inside brain cells—or at least that’s the standard medical wisdom. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters Trump Tried to Intimidate the Judges Over His Ban, and He Failed Garrett Epps Presidents have thought before that they could roll those wimpy-looking nerds with their gavels and robes. It usually doesn’t work out all that well. “Make this one out of cast-iron,” the late Judge John Butzner said to me one day in chambers. “There are going to be a lot of weasels sniffing around it.” I was Butzner’s clerk. He was assigning me to draft an opinion in a case on an abstruse point of federal law. No court had ever decided this particular question—and a lot of money was riding on the answer. Some judges on the Fourth Circuit would object to the result his panel had reached. Once Butzner’s opinion was published, they might try to persuade the other judges to rehear the case “en banc”—meaning on a bench including all members of the Circuit. It was a high-stress assignment, even though he gave me all the time I needed. Imagine the atmosphere in chambers this week as three Ninth Circuit judges and their clerks worked frantically to produce an opinion in Washington v. Trump—the case testing the constitutionality of President Trump’s executive orderbanning refugees from around the  world, and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Continue Reading Can It Happen Here? Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum on Donald Trump's authoritarian tendencies Watch Video What Will Happen to Undocumented Doctors? Jeremy Raff Meet the Dreamers who are one executive action away from losing everything. Watch Video The Atlantic Why Every Year Feels Shorter Than the Last James Hamblin and Nicolas Pollock We asked a time expert. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 'Like a painting' — How Apple's $5 billion campus was built Julia Love, Reuters Feb. 7, 2017, 9:05 AM 4,856 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple's campus in January, 2017.Matthew Roberts/YouTube SAN FRANCISCO - Inside the original Macintosh computer, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs inscribed the signatures of his team, revealing his deep concern for even the hidden features of his products. His last work - Apple Inc's sprawling new headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. - will be a fitting tribute: a futuristic campus built with astonishing attention to detail. From the arrangement of electrical wiring to the finish of a hidden pipe, no aspect of the 2.8 million-square-foot main building has been too small to attract scrutiny. But constructing a building as flawless as a hand-held device is no easy feat, according interviews with nearly two dozen current and former workers on the project, most of whom would not be named because they signed non-disclosure agreements. Since Apple unveiled its plans in 2011, the move-in date has slowly receded: Jobs' initial projection was 2015, but this spring now seems most likely, according to people involved in the project. A lengthy approval process with the city contributed to the delay. Apple has not revealed the total price tag, but former project managers estimate it at about $5 billion - a figure CEO Tim Cook did not dispute in a 2015 TV interview. More than $1 billion was allocated for the interior of the main building alone, according to a former construction manager. For all the time and money sunk into the project, some in the architecture community question whether Apple has focused on the right ends. The campus is something of an exception to the trend of radically open offices aimed at fostering collaboration, said Louise Mozingo, a professor and chair of the Department of Landscape Architecture and Environmental Planning at U.C. Berkeley. Its central office building - a massive ring of glass frequently likened to a spaceship - could be a challenge just to navigate, she noted. "It's not about maximizing the productivity of the office space, it's about creating a symbolic center for this global company," she said. "They are creating an icon." An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. World's largest piece of curved glass YouTube/Duncan Sinfield Tech companies have long favored generic office parks, which allow them to lease and shed space through booms and busts. Jobs' unveiling of what's formally known as Apple Campus 2, months before his death, marked a new chapter in Silicon Valley architecture. When completed, the campus will house up to 14,200 employees, according to the 2013 project description. The main building - which boasts the world's largest piece of curved glass - will be surrounded by a lush canopy of thousands of trees. Little remains from the cement-laden campus Apple acquired from Hewlett-Packard, though the iPhone maker preserved a century-old barn that remained intact as the land passed from tech giant to tech giant. But what was most striking to those who worked on the project was Apple managers' insistence on treating the construction of the vast complex the same way they approach the design of pocket-sized electronics. Apple's in-house construction team enforced many rules: No vents or pipes could be reflected in the glass. Guidelines for the special wood used frequently throughout the building ran to some 30 pages. Tolerances, the distance materials may deviate from desired measurements, were a particular focus. On many projects, the standard is 1/8 of an inch at best; Apple often demanded far less, even for hidden surfaces. The company's keen design sense enhanced the project, but its expectations sometimes clashed with construction realities, a former architect said. "With phones, you can build to very, very minute tolerances," he said. "You would never design to that level of tolerance on a building. Your doors would jam." The project, which generated about 13,000 full-time construction jobs, took a toll on contractors. The original general contractors, Skanska USA and DPR Construction, left after work began, which construction experts called a rare development for a project of such scale. The reasons for the departures are unclear, and neither Apple nor the firms would comment. Faithful to design principles  A leaked photo of the interior.Apple/MacG.co Apple's novel approach to the building took many forms. Architect German de la Torre, who worked on the project, found many of the proportions - such as the curve of a rounded corner - came from Apple's products. The elevator buttons struck some workers as resembling the iPhone's home button; one former manager even likened the toilet's sleek design to the device. But de la Torre ultimately saw that Apple executives were not trying to evoke the iPhone per se, but rather following something akin to the Platonic ideal of form and dimension. "They have arrived at design principles somehow through many years of experimentation, and they are faithful to those principles," de la Torre said. Fanatical attention to detail is a key tenet. Early in construction, Apple managers told the construction team that the ceiling - composed of large panels of polished concrete - should be immaculate inside and out, just as the inside of the iPhone's audio jack is a finished product, a former construction manager recalled. Thus, each of the thousands of ceiling panels had to win approval from both Apple's in-house team and the general contractor, once at the shop and then again at the construction site. "The things you can't see, they all mattered to Apple," the former construction manager said. One of the most vexing features was the doorways, which Apple wanted to be perfectly flat, with no threshold. The construction team pushed back, but Apple held firm. The rationale? If engineers had to adjust their gait while entering the building, they risked distraction from their work, according to a former construction manager. "We spent months trying not to do that because that's time, money and stuff that's never been done before," the former construction manager said. Time and time again, Apple managers spent months perfecting minute features, creating a domino effect that set back other parts of the project, former construction managers say. Signage required a delicate balancing act: Apple wanted all signs to reflect its sleek, minimalist aesthetic, but the fire department needed to ensure the building could be swiftly navigated in an emergency. Dirk Mattern, a retired deputy fire chief who is representing the Santa Clara County Fire Department on the project, estimated he attended 15 meetings that touched on the topic. "I've never spent so much time on signage," he said.   Like a painting  When Apple tapped general contractors Holder Construction and Rudolph & Sletten to finish the main building in 2015, one of the first orders of business was finalizing a door handle for conference rooms and offices. After months of back and forth, construction workers presented their work to a manager from Apple's in-house team, who turned the sample over and over in his hands. Finally, he said he felt a faint bump. The construction team double-checked the measurements, unable to find any imperfections - down to the nanometer. Still, Apple insisted on another version. The construction manager who was so intimately involved in the door handle did not see its completion. Down to his last day, Apple was still fiddling with the design - after a year and a half of debate. When construction wraps, the only fingerprints on the site will be Jobs'. Workers often had to wear gloves to avoid marring the delicate materials, said Brett Davis, regional director of the District Council 16 union for painters and related crafts. "It's like a painting that you don't want to touch," he said. "It's definitely going to be something to see, if they let you in." (Editing by Jonathan Weber and Edward Tobin) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power SEE ALSO: Apple is losing its focus again — and this time, there's no Steve Jobs coming to the rescue More: Apple Apple Campus 2 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 'Like a painting' — How Apple's $5 billion campus was built 'Like a painting' — How Apple's $5 billion campus was built SAN FRANCISCO - Inside the original Macintosh... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple once built a $7,500 Mac that was delivered by limo — and the first thing Steve Jobs did as CEO was kill it Matt Weinberger Feb. 7, 2017, 2:43 PM 12,880 facebook linkedin twitter email print This year marks the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, leaving the world to wonder if Apple is going to pull something special out of its sleeves with this year's much-anticipated new model.  But back in 1997, right when it looked like the company was about to completely implode, Apple was celebrating another anniversary. It had been twenty years since Apple had officially incorporated, and it marked the occasion with the Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh, or TAM. The TAM, retailing for a whopping $7,499, was an all-in-one PC, kind of a spiritual ancestor of the iMac, back when the whole idea of a monitor that contains the computer was totally crazy. It was designed by a young Jony Ive, who would go on to become Apple's resident creative genius. Take a look: WIkimedia Commons If you feel like you've seen this before, you might be right. Jerry's apartment sported a Twentieth Anniversary Mac during the final season of "Seinfeld," and Bruce Wayne's butler Alfred had one in "Batman & Robin." Apple history holds that the TAM started as a prototype for a mass-market consumer device, but then-Apple CEO Gil Amelio and his executives rushed it to market as a luxury novelty. This little monster has some weird features, including a CD drive that would keep playing on the high-end Bose speakers even if your Mac crashed, an FM radio, a TV tuner card to watch cable television on the screen, and a leather palmrest on the keyboard.  The best and weirdest part is that if you paid the $7,499 for the Twentieth Anniversary Mac, Apple would hand-deliver it via limo and set it up for you, in a full-on concierge experience. The rumor is that your Apple deliveryperson would actually wear white gloves, to really hammer home the premium feeling. Jobs takes control The TAM was introduced at a crucial moment in Apple's history: Cofounder Steve Jobs had just come back to Apple as a "consultant" following 11 years in exile, after Amelio masterminded the purchase of his startup NeXT for $429 million. Amelio was betting big on Jobs — Sun and others had previously passed on a bid to buy up Apple for a meager $6 per share, and the company was facing the very real threat of insolvency. In January 1997, Amelio hosted a Macworld keynote intended in large part to reintroduce Jobs to Apple fans, concluding with the unveiling of the Twentieth Anniversary Mac. That three-hour keynote is widely regarded as a complete disaster, with the New Yorker describing a visibly nervous Amelio's performance as "unrehearsed." Meanwhile, Jobs got a standing ovation. Watch the very long highlight reel from that Macworld here: The Twentieth Anniversary Mac launched in March 1997. By that July 4th weekend, Jobs had convinced Apple's board to oust Amelio and give him control — winning out over Oracle founder Larry Ellison, who famously wanted the job.  And one of the very first things Jobs did was kill the Twentieth Anniversary Mac and institute price cuts to clear out the final stock. The price was cut to $3,500, and then by March 1998, down to $1,995. All in all, the TAM only sold 12,000 units. The conventional wisdom is that Steve Jobs thought it was a symbol of Apple's out-of-control excess and lack of focus. The TAM was a casualty, along with the Newton eMate PDA and the Apple QuickTake digital camera. Jobs also reportedly told Ive that he never wanted Apple to make a television again. Still, the weird legacy of the Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh lives on, as Jobs and Ive would collaborate on the very first iMac, a hit that would bring Apple back to profitability. The very first iMac was released a mere five months after the TAM was fully taken off the market in 1998. And the rest, as they say, is history. SEE ALSO: Bill Gates once stayed up until 4 a.m. to write a game that Apple thought was 'embarrassing' NOW WATCH: 9 little-known facts about Apple — the most valuable company in the world Loading video... More: Apple Mac facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple once built a $7,500 Mac that was delivered by limo — and the first thing Steve Jobs did as CEO was kill it Apple once built a $7,500 Mac that was delivered by limo — and the first thing Steve Jobs did as CEO was kill it This year marks the tenth anniversary of the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way MacBook Pro The 2016 MacBook Pro family is here — but new updates are already on the way Curtis Moldrich @khurtizz Sasha Muller @TheSashaMuller 8 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Image 1 of 20 5 £1,345 from Price when reviewed  1,449 Page 1 of 2 New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way 1. New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way 2. New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way The New MacBook Pro was released just a few months ago, but it looks like Apple is already planning to update its new flagship. Code in Apple’s macOS 10.12.4 beta suggests that Apple will be updating all three of its MacBook Pro models with new efficient, powerful Kaby Lake processors. The code was discovered by Apple blog  Pike's Universum, and suggest the refresh will apply to those laptops with a TouchBar, and those without too. That means we should see a good increase in performance across the range. Should I buy one now? The Macbook Pro in its current form, is probably one of the best laptops you can buy, and will serve you for many years. The Kaby Lake processors should be released around June this year, but they’ll only offer an incremental upgrade in processing power and battery life – the rest of the MacBook Pro should remain the same. Therefore, it’s okay buy now if you need to, but worth holding off if it’s not an essential purchase. New MacBook Pro (2016) review: In full See related  Best laptops 2017: The TOP laptops you can buy in the UK Dell XPS 13 9350 review: The Windows ultraportable, perfected The new MacBook Pro is brilliant but it may just have killed Macs in the enterprise Every few years Apple gives its MacBook Pro model a complete redesign – with some designs more conservative than others. The new late-2016 MacBook Pro represents one of the biggest changes ever to Apple's flagship laptop, and you'll either love it, or hate it. First, Apple came for your serial port, then your parallel port, and in 2016 it took your phone’s headphone socket. Now, the new MacBook Pro family has come for pretty much everything else –  the fucntion keys, HDMI and display ports, memory card reader and pretty much eveything else has gone.  For all the design tweaks, all those alluring nips and tucks, it’s the arrival of the Touch Bar – and more to the point the departure of physical function keys – that’s caused the biggest waves. If you want old-school function keys, then it’s worth saying it upfront: you can still get your fix with the "entry-level" 13in MacBook Pro (£1,449). If you want a MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar, however, you’ll need to find at least another £300. And if you’ve also got your heart set on upgraded SSDs and top-flight processors, then trust me, the new MacBook Pro family are going to cost you big time. READ NEXT: The best laptops of 2016 - our favourite portables New MacBook Pro (2016) review: Design There are three areas that define the new MacBook Pro family: the thinness, the keyboard and trackpad, and the screen. These are the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pros ever, with the 13in version coming in at a mere 1.4kg – the same as a 13in MacBook Air. If you think that’s impressive, then consider that it’s also thinner than a MacBook Air, at least at the thick end. Of course, it doesn’t taper like a MacBook Air to a razor-thin edge, but it’s still a very slender machine. The 15in model has also emerged transformed. Weight has fallen from a whisker over 2kg to 1.83kg, and Apple has trimmed down the girth from 18mm to an impressively slender 15mm. As 15.4in laptops go, this is pretty much as thin and light as you could possibly ask for. New MacBook Pro (2016) review: The Touch Bar The Touch Bar is a thin strip of OLED touchscreen that sits directly above the keyboard, replacing the function-key row. What appears on the Touch Bar is programmable and – importantly – context-sensitive, so different applications can have different “keys” appear. For example, in Safari you see a set of “keys” representing your open tabs, allowing you to quickly flip between them with a quick dab of the finger. Play a YouTube video and a progress bar pops up, allowing you to quickly jump back and forth with a tap or drag of a finger. It’s really quite ingenious. In the Photos app, you can not only navigate quickly between image thumbnails by swiping left and right, but also, once images are opened, carry out basic editing tasks in full-screen view without having to go near the touchpad. In Messages, you’ll see Quick Text suggestions, including emoji; in Mail, there are shortcut keys that let you send and reply, among others; while Final Cut Pro displays a timeline track allowing you to scroll quickly through your project while previewing the video in full-screen. And anyone worried about losing the escape key and function keys of the old MacBook shouldn’t worry unduly. If there’s an application that you always use function keys in, it’s possible to add that to a whitelist in the MacBook’s settings so that they always appear when that application is open and in the foreground. And regardless, you can get to these keys quickly and easily by holding down the Fn key, at which point the keys appear instantly along the top row. Third party Touch Bar support is also on the horizon. Adobe has said its new version of Photoshop, which can work with Apple's Touch Bar should be available by the end of the year.   The other big news is the inclusion of a Touch ID sensor at the right-hand side of the Touch Bar. The Touch ID sensor isn’t quite flush with the rest of the bar, which, while not the most aesthetically pleasing, does make it easier to find by touch alone. As with the iPhone and iPad, you simply place your finger on it to unlock the Mac. What’s more, you can set it up so different users’ fingerprints will log them in to their account without having to first log out. New MacBook Pro (2016) review: Performance Thankfully, those slender bodies haven’t forced Apple to compromise on performance. The non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro is the slower of the three, principally because it makes do with 15W TDP versions of Intel’s Core i5 and Core i7 processors, rather than the 28W CPUs found in the Touch Bar-equipped 13in MacBook Pro. Move up to the 15in MacBook Pro, however, and you get to choose between two substantially more powerful 45W Core i7 CPUs, a choice of AMD’s Radeon Pro 450, 455 and 460 GPUs, and 16GB of memory comes as standard. If it’s power you’re after, then the larger MacBook Pro is still a big step up. Apple has upgraded the SSD inside the new MacBooks, and as a result the new generation are a claimed 50% faster. The SSDs inside the 2015 MacBook Pros were darn fast already, but Apple’s custom-built drives in the new models blow them into the weeds. By using four PCI Express 3 lanes, the drive in the new MacBook offers potentially double the bandwidth of the previous generation, and in testing, the new models produced a fiery performance. In fact, it proved to be the most impressive upgrade, with sequential read rates of up to 3.1GB/sec and write speeds of up to 1.4GB/sec. The result of all Apple’s work – not to mention the shift from Intel’s Broadwell to the Skylake generation – is that even the low-end MacBook Pro is now faster than its predecessors. In my time with the three new models, it was striking that even the £1,249 model felt quicker than the now rather portly looking 13in MacBook Pro sitting on my desk. I suspect that the super-quick SSD was making the biggest difference, though. Swapping over to the Touch Bar model wasn’t night and day by comparison, and as you can see from the benchmarks below, its faster Core i5 CPU delivered a relatively modest improvement in the benchmark results. ^ All the models here have 8GB of RAM, but the Touch Bar model has a 2.9GHz Core i5-6267U, the non-Touch Bar model has a 2GHz Core i5-6360U, and the 2015 model has a 2.7GHz Core i5-5257U. It’s no surprise to find that the 15in MacBook Pro bounds past its smaller cousins. The combination of those quad-core processors and a lightning-quick SSD are a match made in heaven, and in most of the tests the king-sized MacBook Pro proved to be roughly twice as quick as the dual-core Core i5 in the mid-range 13in model. If you’re planning to hammer your laptop with a slew of heavyweight applications on a daily basis, it’s definitely the better choice. The MacBook Pro family’s legendary battery life hasn’t suffered, either, and in our video-playback test the three models exhibited broadly similar levels of stamina. The non-Touch Bar model lasted a little longer than its pricier cousins, thanks mainly to a more power-efficient CPU and a slightly larger battery than its Touch Bar-equipped sibling. However, it’s impressive to see that the 15in model keeps pace, and actually beats one of its smaller cousins, eventually expiring just a minute short of nine hours. New MacBook Pro (2016): The speakers Elsewhere, the speakers have had an update, and now flank each side of the keyboard. Apple claims they produce twice the dynamic range of the previous model, which is tricky to test, but audio quality is clearly better, with more solidity, clarity and body all round. There are differences between the models here, though. Surprisingly, the 13in non-Touch Bar model is noticeably quieter than the pricier Touch Bar model, but it’s also noticeably fuller-sounding and bassier. I suspect there’s good reason for this, though, as the faster processors in the 13in Touch Bar models required Apple to fit a secondary fan and adopt a different internal design – this has clearly had a knock-on effect on sound quality. Step up to the 15in model, though, and there’s another improvement thanks to greater clarity, and basslines that are inaudible on the smaller models suddenly reappear. Continues on page 2: The display, keyboard and trackpad, connectivity and verdict Page 1 of 2 New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way 1. New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way 2. New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way Read more about Laptops You are here: Home MacBook Pro New Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Worth the money, but Kaby Lake refresh models on the way View the discussion thread. Comments Submitted by Bill Maslen on Wed, 2016-11-02 23:24. Worth pointing out that you have *two* processor options – the 2.0 GHz you were using, and a 2.4 GHz version that may not be as quick as the Touch Bar-equipped machines, but is still faster than the 2.0 GHz one, with a 3.5 GHz boost. Although it'll cost you an eye-watering £270 extra, at which point you might as well just give up and buy one of the more expensive machines anyway... Submitted by wittgenfrog on Thu, 2016-11-03 08:56. Another breathlessly enthusiastic review of an Apple product. I don't doubt that its well-made very thin and can play video for simply hours & hours. I don't doubt that when running proper Windows applications it could be a useful tool. AS David Court acknowledges there are numerous other devices which offer equal or better performance in well-made chassis that are only marginally more bulky and much cheaper. I think most buyers will. Like Mr Court, be treating themselves to a luxury item, which just happens to be a PC. Submitted by Zeafer on Fri, 2016-11-04 04:05. As a frequent user of both MacOS and Windows, I know which one I prefer for my workspace. Simply not having to deal with Malware/Adware and never using a single cycle or byte of RAM saves significant time (and in business, time is money). Yes, you pay an increasing premium for the Apple badge (their profiteering is over the top) but at the end of the day, I've found it to be mostly worthwhile. FYI: I'm typing this on my "Early 2011 17-ince Macbook Pro" which is still going strong (with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD inside). How many PCs from 2011 are still usable as a designer/developer's daily machine 5 years later? Also, Microsoft wants £2,649.00 incl. VAT for their similar spec Surface Book, so the pricing doesn't look quite so steep now. Submitted by wittgenfrog on Fri, 2016-11-04 09:09. Many, many Developers use PCs from 2011 which have, like your MAC been upgraded over time. We mainly only replace PCs in order to improve performance and efficiency. There have been very few hardware faults apart from a couple of HDD failures and issues with Graphics cards. Neither of these issues is unique to non-Apple PCs. The Surface Book is a ludicrously expensive device and seriously hampered by Intel's flawed Skylake Generation chips, as is Surface Pro. In its defence the Surface Book does have a couple of unique features, but not enough in my opinion to justify the price. Lots of better-value Windows PCs are available Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Tue, 2016-11-15 10:34. This bottom end of the MacBook Pro range has an I/O capability of 80 Gb/s. On the higher range version, 160 Gb/s. Where else can I get that? Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Tue, 2016-11-15 10:45. I'm typing this on my 17" 2011 MacBook Pro bought in January 2012. It gets used several hours a day. I've recently had the Graphics issue that you mention which effected machines of this age. Last week Apple replaced the main board to resolve the issue. Free of charge. And no, the machine had no extended support contract, just the standard warranty. That is the first repair that it has had. The second hand value of the machine is approaching 50% of what I paid for it. Which will make a significant dent in the cost of a new one. Not bad for an almost 6 year old machine (which looks almost new and is functionally perfect) Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Thu, 2016-11-17 14:36. "Right now, this means that buying a MacBook Pro guarantees that you'll need to budget for a clutch of essential USB Type-C adapters, and most likely a docking station" Actually in many cases what you need is the right cable. Yes, you could buy a USB-C to USB-A socket dongle to attack your iPhone. But I preferred to buy a USB-C to Lightening cable. And a USB-C to USB-B cable to connect a printer / scanner. Yes, I could have bought two multi Media dongles plus two HDMi to DVI cables to attach my two monitors, but I preferred to buy two USB-C to DVI cables. This will actually reduce the clutter on my desk as I currently use Thunderbolt 2 to DVI dongles. And yes, I will buy the 5K LG monitor if it looks as good as it sounds, because that will reduce the cable count to one. A very big step forward. (two if I buy two of them). Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Thu, 2016-11-17 14:48. "To put this into context, that’s £120 more expensive than the equivalent Dell XPS 13, and that laptop comes with a touchscreen and a better selection of ports." From what I've seen, not many people seem to use touchscreens after the first few days. Particularly on notebooks. As for a "better" selection of ports, perhaps wider might be less misleading. It's I/O capability is substantially less than the MacBook Pro. One Ethenet, two USB 3.0 and one thunderbolt ports isn't going to get near the I/O capacity of 2x thunderbolt 3 ports. Let alone 4x. thunderbolt 3. Though in some situations it may be more convenient. Submitted by Ben Searson on Fri, 2016-11-18 10:15. The base model is £1449 not £1249 Submitted by CampoX on Sun, 2016-12-04 12:29. The 13" with Touch strip is 169,045 yen in Japan (duty free + 5% off for Visa - Yodabashi Camera), or 1,170 GBP-ish (even with the weak pound). Walk out of the shop with it - no waiting/Space Grey. Ok so the keyboard is a little odd/has extra characters, but difficult to say no to close to 600 quid off. Excellent machine - makes my 2015 Macbook feel like it was from a different planet. Submitted by qpw3141 on Thu, 2016-12-08 20:43. The apple reality distortion field is strong in this one. Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Mon, 2016-12-19 22:54. What part of 4 x Thunderbolt 3 ports, don't you understand? Submitted by Henry_3_Dogg on Tue, 2016-12-20 01:04. How is that £600 quid off ? The UK price is £1457.5 plus VAT To import the £1170 Japanese purchase will cost you £234 in import duty, so £1404 and all you've saved is £344 less shipping and handling. Submitted by qpw3141 on Tue, 2016-12-20 12:55. Poor old H3D, any criticism of his beloved apple sets him barking and whining like a little whipped puppy. What part of 'no USB ports' are YOU having trouble understanding? Submitted by CampoX on Fri, 2016-12-23 11:23. I was working in Japan - so I paid neither. The keyboard is slightly frustrating though - the delete is small with a Yen key next to it, and the brackets are on the 8 and 9, so more difficult to reach - and a few other quirks. Anyway, have sold it (for what I paid) and just got a 16GB/I7/512GB in HK instead for HK$19,188 (2,000 GBP). Anyways, we all know Brexit has just made USD>GBP pricing even worse. Excellent laptop, probably the best I have used - works great with Parallels. Submitted by Sue on Mon, 2017-01-02 12:53. You can now grab a huge discount on laptops only at LaptopDealFinder(.com Most Popular Google Tango project turns real-world rooms into VR havens 1 Feb 2017 Virtual reality This robot is definitely not a robot 27 Jan 2017 Robotics What are your odds of surviving a nuclear attack? 30 Jan 2017 Science Confront death with this out-of-body VR experience 31 Jan 2017 Virtual reality Tinder for Orangutans: Teaching apes to swipe right 31 Jan 2017 Science These are the best 14 Kodi addons to get in January 19 Jan 2017 Software GT Sport on the PS4: All you need to know 9 Feb 2017 Games The best Android phones of 2017 31 Jan 2017 Mobile phones Samsung is offering two great wearables for the price of one 10 Feb 2017 Samsung Raspberry Pi 4: Rumours, specs and release date 7 Feb 2017 Raspberry Pi Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 10 Feb 2017 Cars I love Chromecast, but the Ultra leaves me cold 3 Chromecast Ultra is a great 4K TV streamer, but you almost certainly shouldn't buy it – yet 10 Feb 2017 Google Pictures Jonathan Bray 10 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 Image 1 of 26 More about Cars Quick poll: Has Apple lost its way? The figures all look good, but is Apple now any different from its rival tech companies? 9 Feb 2017 Apple Business How technology is changing your work Tim Cook on Brexit: it will be fine Apple's CEO Tim Cook isn't worried about Brexit but will continue to speak out about US immigration policies 10 Feb 2017 Business Airbnb in £160 million deal to buy Luxury Retreats Forget futons, Airbnb’s going luxe 10 Feb 2017 Business Is Brexit to blame for decline in UK startup funding? 2016 saw investment in UK startups and high growth private companies dwindle, but not all the blame can be lumped on Brexit 9 Feb 2017 Business UK tech pay paltry, but don't head to Silicon Valley The UK’s tech industry has one of the lowest average salaries globally, Hired finds, but Silicon Valley isn’t the answer 9 Feb 2017 Business VR for Business How businesses can make their own VR content Creating VR content is now something even small businesses can do. Here's how. 12 Jan 2017 Sponsored How to bring the excitement of a holiday to the high-street? How Thomas Cook used VR to give holidaymakers a glimpse of their dream destination 14 Dec 2016 Advertisement Feature How VR is changing the face of retail The latest wave of change to hit retail is virtual reality 14 Dec 2016 Sponsored VR: The next big shift in advertising Virtual reality advertising is still in its infancy, but already it is achieving real results for companies willing to invest 2 Dec 2016 Sponsored Science Developments from the frontiers of science SpaceX is blasting a superbug into orbit We’ll know who to blame if things take a sci-fi turn for the worse 10 Feb 2017 Space Not even Trump can halt the clean energy revolution Clean, cheap and cheerful: Renewable energy is making strides in the US, despite Trump’s best efforts 10 Feb 2017 Environment NASA's computer upgrade means we can finally go to Venus Forget Mars: scientists finally have a computer chip that’ll survive the hellish heat of Venus 9 Feb 2017 Space Behold the MIT-engineered stomach acid battery It’ll help deliver drugs and monitor vital signs, like an overzealous dealer 8 Feb 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 10 Feb 2017 Cars Pictures Jonathan Bray 10 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 Image 1 of 26 More about Cars Uber hires NASA expert to research flying cars Ride sharing firm has high hopes for its latest futuristic scheme 8 Feb 2017 Cars Kia Rio (2017) hands-on review 4 The Kia Rio is finally a match for the Nissan Micra 3 Feb 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Art-valanche! Metropolitan Museum of Art goes open access The leading art museum has made more than 375,000 images available online without restriction 10 Feb 2017 Art There’s an online troll in all of us Your inner internet troll might be lying dormant, but it could awaken at any moment, researchers warn 9 Feb 2017 Life & Culture Project Cars 2 is coming THIS YEAR Project Cars 2 is going to go head to head with GT Sport 9 Feb 2017 Games YouTube Go launches in India with offline downloads Offline YouTube is here, if you live in India 9 Feb 2017 Life & Culture The Future The world of 20 years from now This little robot follows you around carrying all your stuff Backpacks are so 2016 8 Feb 2017 The Future Why 2017 will be the year of AI AI is more than machine learning, and 2017 could be the year it goes mainstream 19 Dec 2016 The Future Microsoft opens fund to invest in the future of AI Element AI is the company's incubator and platform that will help companies adopt an AI-first strategy 14 Dec 2016 Microsoft Amazon Go is a brick-and-mortar shop without any checkouts There will be no unexpected items in the bagging area in Jeff Bezos’ lineless future 6 Dec 2016 Amazon Latest Reviews Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible 10 Feb 2017 Cars I love Chromecast, but the Ultra leaves me cold 10 Feb 2017 Google Is the Samsung Gear VR really worth it? 9 Feb 2017 Samsung Gear VR Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017): Can it beat the OnePlus 3T? 8 Feb 2017 Samsung ResMed S+ review: An answer to insomniacs’ prayers 8 Feb 2017 Wearables Naim Mu-So for Bentley: Ludicrously luxurious wireless audio 6 Feb 2017 Speakers Kia Rio (2017) hands-on review 3 Feb 2017 Cars BT Whole Home Wi-Fi review: Blanket wi-fi you can count on 31 Jan 2017 BT Dell XPS 13 2017: A great laptop, improved even more 30 Jan 2017 Dell XPS 13 Honor 6X review: Solid performance at a hard-to-beat price 30 Jan 2017 Mobile phones Lexus 2017 hybrid range review 26 Jan 2017 Cars Resident Evil 7 review: A masterful puzzle box of horrors 25 Jan 2017 Games Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.3 News MacBook Pro 2017 release date, news and rumors MacBook Pro 2017 release date, news and rumors By Joe Osborne Laptops   Plus, what we want to see from Apple’s next pro laptop Shares Apple released its massively updated, new MacBook Pro in October 2016 to an awfully mixed crowd of press and general public alike. The device’s new Touch Bar wowed, whereas its price for the parts inside certainly did not. Just four months since that tumultuous release, reports and rumors of what Apple’s MacBook Pro 2017 follow-up will be like have surfaced, and all signs point to better parts for the price. However, there is also so much that we don’t know, so check back on this space every once in a while, as we’ll be updating it with the latest regarding the would-be 2017 MacBook Pro. Cut to the chase What is it? The new MacBook Pro’s successor When is it out? Anywhere between spring and fall 2017 What will it cost? Likely as much as – if not more than – current models Anticipate seeing the Touch Bar on the next MacBook Pro models MacBook Pro 2017 release date Sadly, this is one of the facets to the new MacBook Pro story that we know very little about. The closest thing to an idea is a report from famed Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that the next MacBook Pro models will go into production in Q3 2017, so around July. That would logically place the new MacBook Pro in an October 2017 release window, which would make a whole lot of sense considering when the updated MacBook Pro released in 2016. (Hint: it was in October.) However, Apple has debuted new MacBooks in the past during the months of March and April as well as during its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in early June. Without an alluring email invitation from Apple, anything is possible. MacBook Pro 2017 price Considering the backlash to the price hike we saw coming from the generation of MacBook Pro’s into the current one, we wouldn’t expect to see major changes in MacBook Pro pricing. Of course, we wouldn’t anticipate them coming down in price by comparison. That would just be ludicrous. So, it would be safe to expect the next line of MacBook Pro models to start at $1,499, £1,449 or AU$2,199 – starting with the lowest-power, non-Touch 13-inch model – and top out around $2,799, £2.699 or AU$4,249 for the highest-end, 15-inch model with Touch Bar. Then again, Apple has a way of introducing new, exciting features to dull the blow of an increased price, if last year is any indication. In this age of Apple, be prepared for a wild, new feature that could potentially drive the price up. The 2016 MacBook Pro in an exploded view (Image: © iFixit) MacBook Pro 2017 specs Probably the biggest point of discussion regarding the new MacBook Pro is what Apple will choose to place inside. This is one of the most divisive points surrounding the current range of MacBook Pro’s and continues to be so as long as Apple continues its particular trend of price per part. The current line of MacBook Pro’s has been criticized for its low RAM, or memory, threshold of 16GB as well as its use of “dated” 6th generation (Skylake) Intel Core i-series processors. Naturally, the latest rumor surrounding the would-be new MacBook Pro is that it will contain both the latest, 7th generation ( Kaby Lake) Intel Core i-series chips as well as room for up to 32GB of RAM. These details were first brought to the public via the same aforementioned report in which Ming Chi-Kuo projected the release window for the new MacBook Pro’s. But since, evidence of these Kaby Lake-equipped models has allegedly appeared within the code of the macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta – the one currently underway, as of this writing. Further to this scuttlebutt regarding what will be inside the new MacBook Pro’s is a Bloomberg report citing sources with claims that Apple is working on its very own Mac processor to work in tandem with Intel chips for future Mac products.  According to the report, this chip will be a logical extension of the ARM-based T1 processor currently used to power the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar. This chip would reportedly take on more power management tasks that Intel's processors currently handle, with the goal of increasing battery life. For starters, we'd like to see even sharper screens MacBook Pro 2017: what we want to see Beyond these reports, we know little else about what the new MacBook Pro will be capable of. Of course, we’ve drafted up a brief wish list for Apple’s next pro-bent laptop. Longer battery life This is no doubt low-hanging fruit, but being one of the primary complaints lobbed toward Apple for the MacBook Pro’s of today, we couldn’t help ourselves. After all, Apple once prided itself on the longevity of its laptops. And, the firm has quite a lot going for it in this direction. Between rumors of more power-efficient Kaby Lake processors inside and those of a special power management chip, longer battery life should be in the bag for the new MacBook Pro. Sharper screens Apple no doubt spurred the obsession with screen resolution in all consumer electronics once it unleashed its “Retina” screen standard years ago with the iPhone 4. But, the rest of the technology world has at last caught up to the firm’s screen sharpness. Frankly, in computing, Apple’s Retina display was surpassed years ago, and it’s about time that its standards for “Retina” were updated. Especially for the price, the new MacBook Pro’s should come sporting 3,200 x 1,800 QHD+ displays at least – and that’s at 13.3 inches. Naturally, what we’ll see is some incredibly particular resolution that hovers around industry standards but doesn’t get too close. Jokes aside, it’s time for sharper MacBook Pro screens. More (and more varied) ports Throwing a glut of Thunderbolt 3 ports, while impressive, at a laptop doesn’t solve the users’ problem of not having compatible connectors or accessories to use them with. To that end, we need to see either more variety in the ports that the new MacBook Pro offers or for Apple to include more adapters in the box. Professional users need to be bridged between where they are technologically right now and where a creator like Apple envisions them being in the next few years. At the very least, a few more USB-C adapters would go a long way. These are the best laptops that the new MacBook Pro is up against Tags MacBook Pro ABOUT THE AUTHOR Joe Osborne Joe has worked in games and technology media for nearly a decade for several publications. His writing has been featured in PC Magazine, AOL's Games.com, Laptop Magazine and Tom's Guide among others. Currently, Joe serves as TechRadar's Senior Editor, leading computing coverage specifically. Yes, that means he uses both macOS and Windows – every day. Related news Camera Rumors 2017: the biggest and best camera rumors around New technology could make brain implants a commonplace reality 7 great Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge cases to protect your curved phone Send word to Mac users: new malware unleashed targeting Apple’s computers See more Laptops news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 3 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 4 The best free video editor 2017 5 Best phone 2017: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Forget the iPhone 7 – save money with an iPhone SE if you want good battery life 2 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 3 Nintendo Switch review 4 The physics of why valve amps sound better 5 Send word to Mac users: new malware unleashed targeting Apple’s computers TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple just poached an Amazon executive to save its struggling Apple TV business Eugene Kim Feb. 7, 2017, 9:35 PM 5,000 facebook linkedin twitter email print LinkedIn Apple has poached Timothy D. Twerdahl, former director and GM of Amazon's Fire TV unit, in an effort to revive its struggling Apple TV business, according to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. Twerdahl's will oversee product marketing for Apple TV, the report said. Twerdahl's LinkedIn page says he joined Apple this month. Twerdahl spent nearly four years at Amazon, after joining the company's Fire TV unit in 2013. Prior to that, he's held a number of positions at WIMM Labs, Roku, and Netflix. Twerdahl replaces Pete Distad, who has moved to Apple's content team, run by Eddie Cue. The hiring comes at a time when Apple TV has struggled to gain much traction. In its most recent earnings, Apple CFO Luca Maestri blamed Apple TV for the "other" category's sales decline. Amazon hasn't disclosed any sales numbers of its Fire TV, but often calls its TV streaming device the best-selling device on its e-commerce site. NOW WATCH: People are boycotting Budweiser because of this immigration-themed Super Bowl ad Loading video... More: Amazon Apple facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple just poached an Amazon executive to save its struggling Apple TV business Apple just poached an Amazon executive to save its struggling Apple TV business Apple has poached Timothy D. Twerdahl, former... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Audio Video Beats X earbuds are the newest amongst Apple's wireless audio accessories Beats X earbuds are the newest amongst Apple's wireless audio accessories The Beats X will work with iPhones, Macs and even Android-based smartphones, for $150. By Digit NewsDeskDigit NewsDesk Published Date 08 - Feb - 2017 | Last Updated 08 - Feb - 2017 Tweet   Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime (Gold, 32GB) 8999 Apple is going to launch a new version of the Beats X earbuds on February 10, the company announced today. Continuing its efforts at abolishing the coveted 3.5 mm headphone jack, these new earbuds will also be wireless. Another very Apple-like decision can be found in the device’s pricing. The Beats X will cost you $149.95 and are listed here, and on Apple’s US website. The headphones will of course run with iOS-based devices and Macs. However, quite interestingly, this new Apple hardware is also meant for non-Apple-branded smartphones, specifically, those running Android. According to Apple, the Beats X will last for up to 8 hours on a single charge. You will also get two hours of battery life by charging it for only 5 minutes, the company said. The Beats X headphones charge via lightning connectors. Beats headphones have usually been charged using micro-USB connectors, but it seems Apple is bringing it to its own in-house standards. It has a “Flex-Form” cable, which will apparently help the Beats X rest comfortably on your neck. The wire is also tangle free. You’ll get a carrying case with the device, along with removable wingtips for different fits. The Beats X earbuds aren’t sweat-proof, though, which may be problematic for those planning to use them for exercising and during athletics. Digit NewsDesk  news@digit.in The guy who answered the question 'What are you doing?' with 'Nothing'. Other Popular Deals Samsung Galaxy J3 With S Bike... Rs. 7990 Buy Now Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9844 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K4 Note (Black,... Rs. 10999 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best IEMs to buy in India under... Best budget earphones under Rs. 1,500 for bass heads The 10 best portable wireless Bluetooth speakers under Rs.... The 6 best headphones under Rs. 3,000 The 11 best IEM headphones under Rs. 1,500 Best high-end speakers for your PC under Rs. 15,000 The Best Portable Bluetooth Speakers under Rs. 10,000 The best 2K and 4K monitors to buy in India CES 2015: The best wireless Bluetooth headphones and... The Best Portable Bluetooth Speakers under Rs. 5,000 Best gaming monitors to buy in India Dell UltraSharp UP3214Q UHD 32-inch Monitor Home entertainment projectors to buy HMDX JAM Party Home entertainment projectors worth buying Best music oriented IEMs under Rs. 2000 Transit by Soen Audio Download free tools and Intel resources from Intel on Game development ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals Brainwavz Omega In Ear Earbuds... Buy Now Samsung Galaxy J3 With S Bike... Rs. 7990 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K4 Note (Black,... Rs. 10999 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K5 Note (Gold, 32... Rs. 11999 Buy Now advertisements Recent News Samsung foldable smartphones expected to enter production... Sony Xperia Z5, Z3+ and Z4 Tablet receiving Android 7.0... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus tipped to feature 3000mAh and... Last day of Flipkart's Apple Fest: Here are some deals to... OnePlus 3T, 3 owners start getting OxygenOS 4.0.3 Trending Stories Samsung foldable smartphones expected to enter production... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus tipped to feature 3000mAh and... OnePlus 3T, 3 owners start getting OxygenOS 4.0.3 WhatsApp rolls out two-step verification for Android, iOS,... 2017 Apple iPhone 8 to support wireless charging: Analyst Best Mobile Phones Upcoming Mobile Phones in India 2017 Best Phones under 15000 10 Best Smartphones under Rs 20000 Best phones under 10000 Best Android Mobile Phones advertisements Resource Center Aulia Faqih, Intel® Software Innovator and Intel® Black Belt Software Develop... By Intel Paul Langdon, based in Connecticut, is a very active member of the Intel® Sof... By Intel advertisements Contests Build More, Grow More, Sleep More Get deeply insightful resources on cloud database...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion Replacement of earbuds for my HTC Desire X. Nead Earbuds around 2.5k which are the good, ordinary earbuds? (not in the ear pls) Earbuds near 2k (2014) Best beats audio equalizer setting? Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime (Go 8,999/- Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Bla 12,499/- Buy Now LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold 14,989/- Buy Now Lenovo 310 Core i5 6th Ge 46,990/- Buy Now
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers EPIX launches on Apple TV February 9, 2017 Premium entertainment network EPIX has confirmed that the EPIX app is now available on Apple TV (4th generation) to all authenticated subscribers. EPIX on Apple TV offers subscribers access to EPIX’s breadth of premium content, including its critically-acclaimed original series Berlin Station and Golden Globe nominated Graves; original documentary programming such as America Divided; thousands of movies on demand, including major franchises The Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek; as well as music and comedy events featuring marquee talent such as Katy Perry, Louis CK, Wanda Sykes and more. Key features of the EPIX app include its content-forward user experience, the ability to watch a multiplex of EPIX live linear channels, the capability to add content to a personal queue, free sampling, curated collections, advanced search and video playback features, and movie trailers. New subscribers can also gain access to a limited free trial of the app exclusively on Apple TV. “EPIX was created in anticipation of the digital revolution, launching with more content across more devices than any other network,” said Mark Greenberg, President and CEO of EPIX. “Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I’m proud to make our content available on Apple TV.” EPIX is also available to authenticated subscribers on iPhone and iPad, where, in addition to the features included in the Apple TV app, users can also take advantage of offline viewing with the EPIX downloads feature, 3D Touch, and multi-tasking/picture-in-picture integration. Related posts: EPIX offers movie downloads EPIX Android TV app EPIX launching PlayStation app EPIX premium TV app on Chromecast Cricket.com.au launches on Apple TV You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS MPs demand Murdoch ‘fit and proper' test ABI: "Compelling content to drive VR market" TF1 unveils The Voice VR experience Antitrust probe for Telecom Italia and Fastweb Disney considering OTT for India RAI sees major drop in TV licence fee evasion Global IP study: ‘Challenges remain’   UK wants rocket launch site US: Best Buy pulls Oculus Rift demos Report: 1 in 4 advanced TV campaigns use 1st-party data Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 3 days ago A new report in Fast Company is fueling rumors that Apple is working on a special 10th anniversary edition of the iPhone that is “expected to be the ultimate iPhone” with a price tag that will be “very likely north of $1,000,” according to a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans. The report notes that the most expensive iPhone right now — the 256 GB iPhone 7 Plus — already sells for $969, and expects that the “iPhone 8” will be “packed with many more features,” including a new OLED display that the report’s source says will likely cost Apple twice as much as the LCD displays currently being used. The report also suggests that upgraded memory could significantly increase the price of the new premium 5.8-inch iPhone model that could be named the “iPhone 8” or the “iPhone X.” The report claims that the new iPhone will look “something like a smooth black monolith, with few visual interruptions to its sleek design,” and notes that its source has confirmed prior rumors that it will be released as a 5.8-inch premium model, alongside less significant 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch “iPhone 7s” and “iPhone 7s Plus” models. The source also confirms prior reports that the sides of the “iPhone 8” are expected to be made of forged stainless steel, with a back made of glass rather than metal, and added that Apple is “likely pushing hard” to get its rumored “under-display” home button design into the new iPhone. There’s even a chance that the physical buttons on the sides of the iPhone may be replaced by touch-sensitive inlays in the metal. According to the source, Apple is also working with a company known as Lumentum on 3D-sensing technology for the high-end model, although it remains unclear how the technology will be implemented, with possible applications ranging from face-based authentication to camera improvements or augmented reality applications. Comments « Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port USB Travel Wall Charger EPIX launches Apple TV app » Related Stories Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers New lawsuit accuses Apple of deliberately ‘breaking’ FaceTime to force users to upgrade to iOS 7 IBM announces Enterprise iOS app collaboration with United Airlines European Union announces an end to wireless roaming charges in June Report: Removed Activation Lock website may have facilitated hacking of locked iOS devices Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:15 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple’s fitness trio could be the key to keep your resolutions By Erna Mahyuni Thursday February 9, 2017 07:36 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The AirPods' design might take some getting used to but offer a decent charge, good audio quality and comfort while exercising. KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 9 — Lose weight. Get fit. These two things are common resolutions and I admit, I make them every year. And (usually) fail.  I’ve tried apps. Diets.Tested out an Android Wear watch as a fitness tracker. It didn’t help. Then Apple decided to lean heavily on fitness as a feature for its products. I’ve found that if apps aren’t enough, then maybe you need hardware as well.  Did it work? Long story short, it got me running. I hate running. Three are we What happened was I got to try the Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch. While it costs the same as a base model, if you work out this is the watch you want.  The special Nike+ Watch straps cannot be purchased separately—you can only get them as part of the Nike Watch+ package. Why are these straps a big deal? The straps have perforations that help reduce weight, improve ventilation and proves far more comfortable while working out whether you’re sweating or running in the rain. To properly test the watch out, it was paired with an Apple iPhone 7 Plus as well as Apple’s wireless earphones, the AirPods.  Combining these three together, I found, proved far more effective than just relying on apps and the watch especially when it came to running. What I did Apple's tweaked its Health app -- something iPhone users will appreciate. I downloaded Nike’s Nike+ Run Club app and the handy thing about it was that it could help create a running schedule, as well as customised running plan according to your needs.  All I needed to do was key in the times I could work out, my general fitness level and a running plan was created for me. Though I needed to access the app on my phone initially, after that I could leave the iPhone at home and instead use the app on my watch to start logging my runs. Occasionally on days I scheduled runs, the watch would prompt me, asking if I’d like to run. What was neat was I could put my running playlist onto my Apple Watch, sync my AirPods and listen to music while I ran.  Not having to deal with any wires as well as feeling safer that I didn’t have to worry about people mugging me for my phone (which I left at home when I ran) was greatly freeing. The AirPods might look rather odd, but they worked well, staying in my ears even when I sprinted on inclines though if you’re running in the rain, I’d suggest you wear a weatherproof hoodie.  Another plus to the earphones is that they are easy to clean as they don’t have rubber or plastic bits that easily collect gunk. Thanks to the charging case, I never ran out of battery, usually resorting to charging the earphones in the case every 4-5 days. I kept up a steady running schedule of three runs a week, until I came down with a flu that lasted a fortnight. I ended up switching to the Aaptiv app, which provides audio fitness lessons so I could work out with the AirPods in my ears guiding me through exercises. A unified experience The Nike+ Watch bands are exclusive to the model and cannot be purchased separately. Having tried various Android apps with Android phones, I found the integration of Apple’s Health apps and the health prompts to be far more useful.  It was cool to be reminded daily of how much activity I do, getting prompts to breathe and stand, to be overall less sedentary. At the end of my month-long Apple fitness experience, I would say that if you run and own an iPhone, an Apple Watch is worth the investment. While I was initially unimpressed by AirPods, I now think that as far as fitness is concerned, they’re a far better bet than either Samsung’s IconX (with its paltry battery life) or other “sport” wireless earphones by the likes of Jabra. The Apple Nike+ Watch can be purchased online with prices starting at RM1,649 while the AirPods retail for RM849 -- you might need to wait up to six weeks to get them, though they might arrive earlier if you’re lucky.  The Nike+ Run Club app is a free download while the Health app comes as part of Apple’s iOS mobile operating system.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Algorithms: the managers of our digital lives Google brings virtual reality to updated Chrome mobile browser Sony's new 4K Ultra HD TVs, Blu-ray player hit stores in March Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit Apple TV eyes Amazon Fire TV's success ‘Final Fantasy XV’ blends free and paid add-ons with update announcement (VIDEO) Apple to start building iPhones in India Top 2017 smartphones and new Nokia handsets expected at Mobile World Congress Singing robot and 18th Century Silver Swan star in new London exhibition (VIDEO) Watch out Batman, this bladeless bat-like drone might be faster than you (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Pinterest lets phones spy eye-catching items Channelling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new ‘spaceship’ campus (VIDEO) Facebook, Google launch fake news detecting tool in France An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist TextExpander 6.1.5 Airfoil 5.5.2 CleanMyMac 3.7.2 DEVONthink 2.9.10/DEVONnote 2.9.9 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1     Related Articles A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17)     Other articles in the series A Prairie HomeKit Companion A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Automating Your Home (10 Feb 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms (16 Jan 17) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Core Concepts (03 Nov 16) Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs (01 Aug 16)     Published in TidBITS 1355. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.5.1 Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results What Apple Can Learn from Airwalk TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 6 February 2017 ExtraBITS for 6 February 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 16 Jan 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (2) A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories by Josh Centers In “A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms” (16 January 2017), I explained how to set up Accessories and Rooms, which are the fundamental building blocks of HomeKit, Apple’s system for home automation. But that article was a bit of a tease, since it left you hanging with a set-up system that you hadn’t used. In this installment, I’ll explain how you control your Accessories with Apple’s Home app, as well as Control Center, Siri, and even your Apple Watch. Controlling Accessories in the Home App -- To access an Accessory (which, you’ll remember, generally maps to a particular device), go to the Rooms screen, tap the hamburger button, and choose the Room that contains the Accessory. In the Room’s listing, you’ll see all the Accessories associated with that Room. For things like smart bulbs and smart plugs, you can tap the Accessory icon to turn it on or off. That’s simple to say, but it’s actually one of the key uses of the Home app, since it gives you remote control over any Accessory that turns on and off. (For some other devices, like room sensors, tapping their icons will have no effect because they’re always on.) To work with Accessories in additional ways, either press and hold or 3D Touch an Accessory icon. That brings up a screen that shows more details and controls. For example, a room sensor shows its current status, a smart plug has a simple on/off switch, and a smart bulb offers a brightness slider. If a smart bulb supports multiple colors, a Color button appears too; tapping it brings up buttons that let you choose a color for the light. Tapping Edit in the center of a button brings up a detailed color wheel. Choosing a color there replaces one of the circles in the main color selector with that color. The Color screen also has a Temperature tab, which is the same thing, but with various degrees of white light. Frustratingly, Apple’s Home app doesn’t let you copy your color selections between devices, so if you want to be sure that all your bulbs have the same color, you’ll need a third-party HomeKit app with finer control, like Matthias Hochgatterer’s Home app. But if you’re dealing with lights that should work together anyway, you can group them, which you do from the Details screen. It’s All in the Details -- When you tap and hold or 3D press a HomeKit Accessory, you can also access its Details screen, which presents a few Accessory options, like name and location. You might remember some of these options from initial Accessory setup, as I detailed in “A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Setting Up Accessories and Rooms.” I want to focus on two options in the Details screen. The first is the Include in Favorites switch. You should enable this for any Accessory you plan to use with any regularity because it adds a shortcut for that Accessory to the Home screen of the Home app, to Control Center, and to the Home app on the Apple Watch. Note that Control Center won’t display more than nine Accessories at a time, so it pays to be picky. The second is the Group with Other Accessories option, which combines your Accessories so that they act as one — their individual Accessory icons will be replaced by a single new icon. This is useful if you have multiple smart bulbs in a single light fixture or multiple lights in the same room that you want to be in sync. I use it to group our living room floor lamps to keep their brightness and color settings the same. To group Accessories, tap Group with Other Accessories. On the next screen, give your group a name and select the other Accessories to add to the group. Tap Done when you’re finished. The icons for those Accessories will be replaced by a single icon for the group. To ungroup Accessories, go to the Details screen for the group and tap Ungroup Accessories. Remember, if you plan to use the group frequently, don’t forget to set it as a favorite! If you want to adjust one Accessory in a group independently, go to the Details screen for the group and tap Accessories to reveal individual icons for the Accessories. From that screen, you can adjust each Accessory on its own. Setting Scenes -- Tinkering with Accessories constantly gets tiresome. Thankfully, HomeKit offers shortcuts, called Scenes, that combine actions together. For example, you could have a Scene called Good Morning that turns on all of your lights, a Scene called I’m Leaving that turns off your lights and turns down the thermostat, and a silly party Scene that turns your living room red. To create a Scene, tap the plus icon in the upper-right of the Home or Rooms screens and choose Add Scene. Home will suggest some Scene names, or you can create your own name by tapping Custom. Once your Scene is named, tap Add Accessories, and then tap individual Accessories to add them to the Scene. Tap Done to move on. Next, you’ll be taken to a screen with the Scene name, and the Accessories included in the Scene. Adjust the Accessories as you normally would. For instance, tap a smart bulb icon to turn it on in the Scene, or press and hold to adjust its brightness and color. Finally, at the bottom are options to Test This Scene, which activates it temporarily; Add Accessories, where you can modify the Accessories included in the Scene; and Show in Favorites, which I recommend enabling for essential Scenes. Suggested Scenes -- I recommend three Scenes to everyone: Good Morning, Good Night, and Scenes to quickly adjust the brightness in your primary living areas. For instance, I have three favorited living room Scenes for adjusting brightness: Living Room Bright, Living Room Dim, and Living Room Night, which set my living room Hue lights to 100 percent, 40 percent, and 0 percent (very dim, but not off), respectively. With these Scenes, I can easily dim the living room to watch a movie, but also quickly brighten it up if I need to find the remote or change my son’s diaper. Adjust these scenes as you see fit, but I recommend using my names, as they’re easy to identify and Siri has no trouble understanding them. When configuring the Good Morning and Good Night Scenes, the settings will depend on your Accessories and living situation. Think carefully about what to activate and why. My Good Morning Scene does three things. It turns on the smart plug that controls the lamp in the laundry and music rooms and sets the living room lamps to 40 percent brightness. During the Christmas season, it also turned on the plug that controlled the Christmas tree lights. My Good Night Scene does the opposite, though it dims the living room lamps to 0 percent instead of turning them completely off. These Scenes are set up in such a way to light up the house sufficiently to navigate in the morning, without being painfully bright. Even though we have Hue bulbs in our bedrooms, these Scenes don’t touch them at all. Why not? I set Good Morning to activate automatically during weekdays. If my wife and son get a surprise snow day, I don’t want them getting a rude awakening at 5:30 AM if I forget to turn the Automation off. I often want to control the bedroom lamp independently when I go to bed, either turning it on so I can find my way around or leaving it off if my wife is sleeping. I use Good Morning and Good Night as general-purpose Scenes throughout the day. I activate Good Night after my wife leaves for work and then Good Morning before she gets home. Nothing is happening in either bedroom, so there’s no reason to mess with those lights. All that said, I don’t recommend that you create Scenes right away. Instead, experiment with your Accessories and figure out which settings you like and which devices you use most. Setting up Scenes will be easier once you have a sense of what you’re doing regularly. But if you just want to create some goofy Scenes to turn your living room blue or whatever, go for it! That’s part of the fun of home automation. (If I ever install a HomeKit-equipped thermostat, I’ll probably create a Game of Thrones-inspired scene that turns my lights blue and drastically lowers the temperature. Because I’m a huge dork.) Once you’ve created a Scene, you can find it in two places in the Home app. If you set it as a favorite, it’ll be available from the Home app’s Home screen (and in Control Center). Otherwise, look in any Room with which the Scene is associated. If a Scene is split between multiple Rooms, you can find it in any of its Rooms. Control with Control Center, the Apple Watch, and Siri -- Jumping in and out of the Home app every time you want to turn on a light is more work than flicking a switch on the wall. Thankfully, Apple offers some quicker ways to activate your Accessories. I usually use Control Center on my iPhone to manipulate my HomeKit devices. In iOS 10, Apple redesigned Control Center with multiple pages, and if you have any HomeKit devices favorited, swipe to the left twice to reveal an additional Control Center page that lets you control both Accessories and Scenes. In the Home page of Control Center, a button in the upper right lets you switch between controlling favorite Accessories and Scenes. Tapping an Accessory or Scene turns it on or off. As with the Home app, you can press and hold or 3D Touch Accessories in Control Center to see more advanced settings like brightness and color. Control Center can display only nine Scenes and nine Accessories, so while you should favorite the items you use the most, you also want to be selective. If you own an Apple Watch, the Home app built into watchOS 3 also lets you control favorite Accessories and Scenes. I recommend adding it to your Dock for quick access. Tapping an Accessory or Scene activates it, while the … button lets you adjust things like brightness — which you do with the digital crown. That said, I don’t use the Apple Watch Home app often, as I find it unreliable. It frequently throws No Response error messages for all of my Accessories. Like many Apple Watch activities, I can perform the same task on my iPhone more quickly. Of course, you can also control HomeKit with Siri, which is a big win when it works. If everything is set up correctly, you can use a number of commands, such as: “Turn all my lights on.” “Turn off the bedroom lamp.” “Set the thermostat to 72 degrees.” “Make my living room blue.” “Good morning.” (Activates the Good Morning Scene) “Set Scene Good Morning.” (Does the same thing as above, which is useful if Siri doesn’t recognize the Scene name on its own.) For the most part, Siri controls work well, even with Hey Siri on the Apple Watch (though my watch usually takes longer to recognize the command). You can even use these same Siri commands with the fourth-generation Apple TV, assuming it’s running tvOS 10 or higher and it’s signed into the same iCloud account as your other HomeKit devices. That’s about all you need to know about controlling HomeKit devices for now. In the next installment of this series, I’ll explain how to set up a hub so you can operate your HomeKit devices when you’re out of the house and how to set up Automations to make your devices work on their own. Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: iOS 10: A Take Control Crash Course Quickly master new (and existing) features in iOS 10 on your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch! TidBITS Managing Editor Josh Centers helps you come up to speed with extensive coverage of iOS 10's key enhancements, including the new Lock screen, Widget screen, and Home app, plus changes to the keyboard, Messages, Control Center, Mail, Maps, Photos, Safari, and more.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. In this installment of A Prairie HomeKit Companion, Josh Centers moves past setup and explains how to manipulate your HomeKit Accessories. He also tells you how to set up Scenes to save time. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-02-07 04:57 Great. Can't wait for the automation chapter. Can the mac be the boss (can Automator and Apple scripts command these internetted things ? Symetrically, can HomeKit automation be the boss and trigger automator actions or Applescripts on a sleeping mac ? Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:51 Sadly, no. There's no HomeKit support in macOS 10.12 Sierra. I'm hoping it's added at some point. Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Has $870,242,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. raised its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 3.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,697,852 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 227,900 shares during the period. Apple comprises 2.4% of Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C.’s portfolio, making the stock its largest position. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. owned 0.14% of Apple worth $870,242,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of AAPL. Cidel Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the second quarter. Cidel Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,186 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $400,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the period. Lincoln Capital LLC boosted its stake in Apple by 1.3% in the second quarter. Lincoln Capital LLC now owns 2,287 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $219,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the period. Family Firm Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.4% in the second quarter. Family Firm Inc. now owns 9,764 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $933,000 after buying an additional 39 shares during the period. Retirement Planning Group boosted its stake in Apple by 0.4% in the third quarter. Retirement Planning Group now owns 10,507 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,188,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the period. Finally, Colorado Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.5% in the third quarter. Colorado Capital Management Inc. now owns 8,668 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $980,000 after buying an additional 45 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 58.84% of the company’s stock. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.39% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $132.04. The company had a trading volume of 22,977,990 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $120.39 and a 200 day moving average of $113.09. Apple Inc. has a 52 week low of $89.47 and a 52 week high of $132.22. The firm has a market capitalization of $692.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.85 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The iPhone maker reported $3.36 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.22 by $0.14. The business had revenue of $78.35 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $77.37 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $3.28 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 16th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 13th will be issued a dividend of $0.57 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 9th. This represents a $2.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.73%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is presently 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Has $870,242,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/adage-capital-partners-gp-l-l-c-has-870242000-stake-in-apple-inc-aapl.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Bank of America Corporation increased their price objective on shares of Apple to $145.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Nomura set a $135.00 target price on shares of Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Rosenblatt Securities set a $102.00 target price on shares of Apple and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, thirty-nine have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Apple has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $134.66. In other Apple news, insider Johny Srouji sold 16,538 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $129.83, for a total transaction of $2,147,128.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $120.00, for a total value of $3,600,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 336,275 shares of company stock worth $41,954,409. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Will the iPhone 8 cost more than $1,000? 10th Anniversary handset will be Apple's most expensive yet Report said iPhone 8 will have a wraparound OLED screen and 3D sensing Display will cost Apple twice as much as the traditional LCD screen 3D sensing could identify user's face and be used for augmented reality  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:32 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 09:41 EST, 9 February 2017 e-mail 7.9k shares 506 View comments Apple’s 10th-anniversary iPhone, which is said to feature cutting-edge features and an innovative design, could come with a hefty price tag. A new report has revealed that the Cupertino company’s so-called ‘iPhone 8’ will cost users more than $1,000 (£800) – making it the most expensive handset the firm has ever produced. The flagship smartphone is rumored to boast an edge-to-edge OLED display and 3D sensing that would ultimately double the price.  Scroll down for video  Apple’s 10th-anniversary iPhone could come with a hefty price tag. A report has revealed that the Cupertino company’s ‘iPhone 8’ could cost users more than $1,000 (£800) – making it the most expensive handset the firm has ever produced (pictured are artist impressions) IPHONE 8 RUMORS   Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have:  - Dual-lens 3D camera - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen - Wireless charging - A folding element  - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area' - A new 'pure white' model - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition Surpassing the $1,000 (£800) mark may sound outrageous, but Apple has already released a smartphone that gets close to the price – the 256GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus costs $969 (£919). However, ‘the new iPhone 8 is expected to be packed with many more features,’ reports Mark Sullivan with Fast Company. Sources also revealed the new technology that could make its way into the device. There are mixed feelings about the name for Apple’s 5.8-inch phone, as some say it will be called the ‘iPhone 8’, while others suggest ‘iPhone X’. Regardless, it is said to ‘look something like a smooth black monolith, with few visual interruptions to its sleek design,’ explained Sullivan. The firm is also rumored to be launching two other smartphones along with the iPhone 8 – a 4.7-inch (the iPhone 7s) and a 5.5-inch (the iPhone 7s Plus). Both the 5.5-inch model and the 5.8-inch model are believed to be equipped with the same camera used in the iPhone 7 Plus – the dual-lens camera. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is YOUR phone safe? Security expert says hackers can attack... Apple patents 'dual mode' headphones that flip open to turn... Apple's 'spaceship' campus is nearly ready: Stunning footage... Apple is TRIPLING production for the iPhone 8: Production of... Share this article Share 7.9k shares And sources told Fast Company about features that have been floating around the web since last month. It was first revealed by an Apple supply chain that the firm is ditching the aluminum back cover and replacing it with a stainless steel forging process that brings together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame.  The new report also suggests ‘Apple has been working to remove the physical home button’ and sources told Fast Company that the firm is looking to place it underneath the display – transforming it into a touch button. There are mixed feelings about the name for Apple’s 5.8-inch phone, as some say it will be called the ‘iPhone 8’, while others suggest ‘iPhone X’. Sources also mentioned that Apple could replace the buttons on the sides of the iPhone with ‘touch-sensitive inlays in the metal' ‘Our source says the technology is still "evolving" but that Apple is likely pushing hard to get the new Home button into the iPhone 8, which it hopes will be the most feature-rich iPhone ever,’ Sullivan wrote. The sources mentioned that Apple could replace the buttons on the sides of the iPhone with ‘touch-sensitive inlays in the metal’. And there is another feature that could contribute to the iPhone 8’s large price – 3D-sensing technology. However, it is not clear how Apple intends to add this feature to the device, but it could be used for identifying the user’s phase and augmented reality applications, according to Fast Company’s sources.    Read more: Here's Why Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost More Than $1,000 | Fast Company | Business + Innovation Share or comment on this article e-mail 7.9k shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (506) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The truth about supermarket salmon: It's come 22,000 miles from Alaska to your plate (via China, Suez and... Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't... B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out... Ancient signals from the early universe: Scientists calculate gravitational wave sources that appeared right... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The amazing 'wizard's hat' amoeba: Arcella gandalfi named after Lord of the Rings character Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a cerebral palsy sufferer who uses her iPhone and iPad... Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the... Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth... Finding the same things funny is the secret to satisfaction in a relationship, scientists say MORE HEADLINES Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their own Do YOU dread going into the office? Getting ill is the only time we feel worse than being at work Revealed: 3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Mark Zuckerberg reveals Oculus virtual reality gloves that let you TYPE in thin air Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the real-world B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out of the sky The rise of the LAT: Experts spot big rise in older adults choosing 'living apart together' and keeping their own homes Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth DAILY following Valentine's Day launch Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud: Glitch meant private data was shown across multiple devices Did a DOUBLE plume of magma wipe out the dinosaurs? Experts suggest a new theory for the historic mass extinction 65 million years ago MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Can YOU spot a serial killer? The online 'murder accountability' algorithm that lets anyone analyse crime trends 50 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Would You Buy a $1,000 iPhone? Samsung tried and failed before. Can Apple pull it off? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Feb 8, 2017 at 5:50PM This year is a momentous one for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) because it marks the iPhone's 10th year. That's ratcheting up expectations for what the company may have up its sleeve, especially since 2016's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus only received incremental updates within the same overall design (not like that hurt sales at all). The most recent speculation comes from Fast Company, which is reporting that the 10th-generation iPhone might incredibly be priced at $1,000 or more. That would be even higher than $969 that it costs to buy a fully loaded iPhone 7 Plus with 256 GB of storage. As previously rumored (and widely expected at this point), at least one variant may include an OLED display. OLED displays don't come cheap, and the one that Apple is thinking about using will probably cost about twice as much as traditional LCD displays. Historically, the entire display assembly often comprises about 40% of component costs, so a potential price increase makes perfect sense to offset a cost increase related to the most expensive component. Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus. Image source: Apple. Apple is reportedly still considering removing the physical home button and potentially even the volume and lock buttons on the sides, all of which would join the headphone jack in iHeaven. The iPhone maker is collaborating with Lumentum (NASDAQ:LITE), whose shares were already popping after earnings, to develop a 3D sensing technology that could be used for facial recognition and other applications. Rival Samsung started introducing facial recognition features in its flagship phones years ago. Think different The company is hoping to pack as many new features into the high-end model as possible, which would help justify a four-digit price tag. Apple has long enjoyed the strongest pricing power within the smartphone industry, and this would potentially represent the strongest exhibit of Apple flexing its pricing muscles. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. If Apple can pull it off, a $1,000 price tag would clearly boost average selling prices, the degree of which would depend on product mix. Samsung has attempted to launch $1,000-plus phones in the past, like 2013's horribly named Galaxy Round which featured a curved AMOLED display that was responsible for the higher price. But Samsung's error was believing that the curved display itself would justify the premium to consumers, even though the device was largely similar to other Galaxy phones at the time in other respects. Apple's task, then, will be to include enough differentiating factors in the $1,000 model to set it apart. In recent years, carriers have shifted away from the subsidy model and toward installment and leasing plans. At first, consumers were hit with sticker shock that premium smartphones cost over $600, as opposed to the subsidized $200 they had previously been paying, but it's safe to say that at this point consumers fully appreciate how much smartphones actually cost. The increased pricing transparency associated with abandoning subsidies indirectly helps lay the foundation for innovation, because manufacturers can then appeal directly to consumers on why a higher price tag is warranted by new features instead of having to negotiate subsidy levels with carriers. The extra $20 bump associated with the iPhone 7 Plus dual-camera system is a good example. Would you buy a $1,000 iPhone? Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 5:50PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Lumentum Holdings NASDAQ:LITE $47.45 up $0.85 (1.82%) Read More Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Would You Buy a $1,000 iPhone? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $LITE
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     The next iPhone could cost more than $1000 By Cody Lee, Feb 8, 2017 Tweet 84 Comments Apple is planning to launch a special 10th-anniversay iPhone this year that will likely cost more than $1,000, reports Fast Company. Citing sources with knowledge of Apple’s plans, the site says an OLED display and other new features will push the handset’s price tag higher than ever before. As has been previously rumored, the source says the new display will measure 5.8-inches diagonally and stretch across the entire front of the phone, framed by forged stainless steel sides. Apple has been working to get rid of the physical Home button, and the side buttons may also go all digital. Echoing other previous reports, Fast Company says in addition to the 5.8-inch model (likely called iPhone 8), Apple is also planning a 4.7-inch ‘iPhone 7s’  and a 5.5-inch ‘iPhone 7s Plus.’ Only the 8 is expected to have the OLED screen, but both it and the 5.5-inch model are said to have dual rear cameras. Other interesting features they expect for the iPhone 8 include a ‘far bigger battery’ and possible 3D-sensing technology for use with things like facial recognition/authentication and even augmented reality. They say the handset will look like a “smooth black monolith” and be packed full of tech. It’s all of this tech that’s expected to push the price tag over $1,000. To be fair, as expensive as it sounds, $1,000 isn’t that much of a stretch from current high-end iPhone pricing—the 256GB iPhone 7 Plus sells for $969—but it’ll be interesting to see if this materializes and how consumers react. Would you pay $1,000+ for a feature-packed iPhone 8? Source: Fast Company Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Report: next iPhone to feature Tap to Wake and fast charging New report says iPhone 8 will feature curved OLED display, new sensing tech New report rebuffs claim that Apple will release 5-inch iPhone in 2017 iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Related Topics iPhone, iPhone 8, News, Report, Rumors Robert Mathews Heck no, I will never pay $1,000 for a phone. The most is $600. ck125 But what about fragmentation? Apple really going to put 3 different models and call only one the 8? Blip dude It’s not even certain it will even be called 8 at this point. Just wait the next 5-6 months and we’ll see. Christopher Doubt it, these rumors circulate every year. For the past 3 generations of the iPhone, people have speculated that there would be 3 different models. I remember hearing all kinds of rumors about the iPhone 7 this time last year and very few of them were even remotely close to what was to come. According to the rumors from last year about the iPhone 7 we were supposed to get wireless charging, no physical home button and a new blue colorway, and none of those materialized except the home button which turned out to be a solid state button. Franklin Richards $1000? Can’t wait to see ridiculous that price is when it comes to the UK. SpideyRules I want the 32GB version, since I stream 90% of my stuff nowadays anyway. Can I pay maybe about $700 for this? leart i have already payed more than 1000$ for a iphone.. here in Europe prices are a little different Abhijeet Gupta Paid 1037$ for a seven plus, the base model here in India. This is gonna cost me over 1300$. Holy cow Mike Can you buy it from eBay or Amazon? BlackPantherK Here in Europe you cannnot and buying from other online vendors cost the same. Guilherme Schneider Paid 1100USD when 64GB SE launched in Brazil lol leart wow.. I payed last year in June around 1050$ for my iPhone 6s Plus 64 gb in Albania, Europe .. don’t remember well but the 64 gb SE in that time was around 450-500 € here.. in dollars it should have been 600-700$.. the value of dollar has changed a lot since then.. don’t remember well the rate € to $.. mahe the price for an iPhone is a joke anyway, this would only make it a bigger joke … Bugs Bunnay the biggest joke is if you can’t jailbreak dat expensive iphone mahe True craig apple makes such great products but there comes a point you need to think how much is too much 🙁 ih8pa1n Are phones expensive to make? I mean i bought a ps4 a couple months ago for $250. And im Pretty sure its more powerful than all the iphones combined. craig Im not sure exactly how much they cost to make but i know apple could easily slash the prices And still be earning a lot, i own quite a few apple products but i still think apple is a greedy company unfortunately. Rowan09 No such think as a non-greedy company. Apple is publicly traded and have no choice but to charge this much. Siri Tim Cook Holness They definitely cost a lot more to make than ps4 Siri Tim Cook Holness The current iPhones cost like 200$ to make and companies have to make a profit not sure how much ps4 costs to make Siri Tim Cook Holness Apparently it cost 381$ to make when it came out it’ll have dropped a lot since then as it costs less than that now Siri Tim Cook Holness So they’re not making much profit initially they were just profiting $19 on each unit not sure about now Siri Tim Cook Holness Tbh I’d be surprised if it costs more than 200 to make now Miqdad The challenge is jamming the power in a much smaller form factor. In any case they make beautiful tech that pushes the limits of what’s possible! Rowan09 Consoles are sold at a loss and made up with games and content. Bob Apple is considered a luxury/premium brand, the minute they start selling at cheap prices, this holds true no more. craig Yea i suppose you have got a point, its just a bit dissapointing to hike prices up the way they do, I’m completely fine paying about £800 for the phone but when they talk about £900 or possibly £1000 And then bring a new phone out just 12 months later with a price tag higher again it then becomes a problem. Troy https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/613e737c154ad5366f51562a718f68dd83690fbb3eecc140e6cb88b15fd3fb7d.jpg Susie With tax my 7 Plus cost me that anyway… I sell mine before buying and always get a good price since I take very good care of my phones. Got $600 for my 6s… but since I highly doubt there will be another jailbreak for a very long time if ever, I may have to skip this one. David Gow Can’t wait for the ip8 Marcus Well I keep my iPhone’s for 3 years before upgrading. I use it everyday too. It probably is worth buying, but I have no idea if I would actually do so. Anonymous No i would not, i would buy the phone used after a year to enjoy the tech. Mark S I’m sure fan boys are applying for loans already to be able to purchase it and have already taken a week off of work so that they can line up outside the nearest apple store to wait for it so they can be first nerd on the block to have it. nova12 what if I don’t need a loan, and I just order it online when it goes on sale? am I still a horrible person worth mocking? Isaiah Comer “Apply to burned area” Steve Jobs Buy my products Christopher Damn I am so tired of comments like this. If you consider us fanboys you obviously don’t like Apple or it’s products. So why are you even here, reading news and commenting? Rodney Coleman Money is money…. I’m in the oil field.. I make 1k in 4-5 days.. so I’m buying one. ih8pa1n Off topic: Are you an engineer? jakeopp Breaking news – money is money TK421 Yes Chris Convert that to Australian dollars, add the import tax and we’re looking at a $1500-1700 device for a 256GB model. BlackPantherK Holy shit and I thought Belgium was expensive with a price of +$1300 for the 256GB 7 Plus. Guilherme Schneider 1600USD for the Brazilian 256GB Jet Black 7 Plus :/ Ali here in australia i paid +$1500 for my ipgone 7 plus 256gb! that i8 is going to be around $2k for us!! jeez Y2J: Keeper of the List I’d consider it but for $1000 it better have at least 128gb and not start at 32gb. Abhijeet Gupta Apple just made it to the list of Jericho Bugs Bunnay break down the list of Jericho!!! malhal Fake news, could cost more than X Blip dude Still planning on keeping the 6S+ for another year. After that, this thing won’t be worth more than $1000, that’s for sure. Abhijeet Gupta Shut up and don’t take my money. Jamessmooth If it packs all this tech in there, then yes. Would I pay a lot over 1k? No askep3 At 1K if it has 128 gigs I think it’s a good price, at 64 it’s also a good price considering it has all the cool rumored features Mohammed Khaled Kawsar For a 32gb phone? Hell no. Junior W. Hell no Jim Hart The media and Apple’s competitors are going to have a field day with the prices, justified or not. So Young My 6s+ still perform as good as last year when I got it. I think smartphone these days can last easily 3 years without the need of upgrading, so I’ll probably skip this year as well. My phone right now realy have all I needed. At the end, its just a phone. Skye NO Bugs Bunnay i’d pay more for “made in America” Kpopers wow MelMa D Teach More dan 1000$?? Who cares Ppl still gonna buy it rockdude094 As long as it comes with a built in toaster I’m cool with that CAIO MARIZ® Bad Apple as28564444 Will give $ 59 for it when iphone 10 comes out in 2019 🙂 burge Still going to have it. Jon Gudgeon The cost of the latest devices is getting silly now!! Daniel Amir Shit in Egypt the iPhone 7/7+ cost more than $1000, i can’t imagine how much the new ones will cost. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b820f562f140a1abb38a03dde0f2baf060ee9ea5e3c2b0b4d6436c0ddf75b905.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c84900a7d502ec45fd230cf3d1cdb69cbe047aa101531e67f14abe23a4daa1bf.png Mike M. Powell Shit that’s my almost car insurance ever 6 months, for a Mac yeah sure but an iDevice, I just can’t. – Hate to see the lease plan options… Cuz I’m Currently paying $5 for the ip7+ 128gb via sprint from the promotional where u swap ur ip6 and get up to $20-30 off ur monthly bills per month for to the device (which is deducted from the service bill) Siri Tim Cook Holness Yes Siri Tim Cook Holness Is it talking about the top of the line model over 1k or base over 1k or both Ricky Williams Apple will not increase the pricing on all their iPhone models. As the post says there will be 3 models now with the 3rd being more expensive and it will probably have extra features to warant the increase in cost. It is a luxury cost but I doubt most users will see the full price anyway becasue it will be subsidized as usual. Anyone else buying at full price can just buy the other models like they usually do. This is not even expensive in terms of smartphones. Take a look back at the Porsche designed Blackberry that had a price tag of over $2K! for a device that doesn’t have a large share of the market. Rowan09 AMB_07 My Canadian wallet is already beginning to cry. And i’m not even planning to buy it! Guilherme Schneider iPhone will only get my attention when it features 4″ screen again. Until that, I’ll stick with my 64GB SE. Probably I’ll never see a new iPhone with such a small screen, but I’ll dream about it. Ernie Marin Well since I’m using Next my price will go up to $50, which isn’t really that different from what I currently pay for my iPhone 6S Plus, and since the Next contract is about to end might as well wait for the 8 since it will probably be the next yearly model anyway. OneBigInFiniteJoinT oh well I guess its finally time for me to move to android… galaxy s8 for that matter (if it doesn’t explode on me, lol) charging 1k for the almost the same tech thats already available on android. Rowan09 Which tech is this? Lucas Tres I already paid $1150 for an iPhone 7 128GB here in Brazil. iPhone 8 will probably cost over $2000 here Christopher Just curious, what features do think they have taken away? Abhinav Chaudhary When we first saw CDs over cassettes the car manufacturers did not just took away cassette slots from the music system instead they gave both the options and gradually the people adapted. Now what’s up with no headphone jacks, usb 3.0 slots from macbook, the whole keyboard row which had the most basic keys. If they had to implement a touch bar why couldn’t they just add it instead of removing a complete row of keyboard? Here in India My friend had such trouble finding a previous generation mackbook pro as all stores told him they are in stock no more. Christopher Well, the smartphone industry evolves at a very fast rate. The auto industry could never have the same rate of innovation. The headphone jack really needed to go, this is 2017 not 1878. (It was miniaturized to 3.5mm sometime in the 1950s) The jack, although reliable is old news. I agree that maybe Apple threw us into it a little sudden, but Apple likes to do things incrementally to prepare for the future. The 3.5mm jack is a big component to fit inside such a small package, it used up valuable real estate that needed to be used for something else. There will likely be no room for it at all with this year’s iPhone, with the major redesign that’s supposed to happen. About the USB 3.0 ports that were taken away with the new MacBook Pro, again old technology that needed to be replaced by a modern and more efficient connector. Introduced in 1996, USB 1.0 is a bit aged (Apple did the same thing back then with the iMac G3) USB Type – C on the other hand is a powerful and versatile bus, it does more, more efficiently. As I’ve said before, it’s 2017. It’s time to rid ourselves of the old solutions and adopt a better one/ones. Abhinav Chaudhary You say smartphones have to adapat very fast, then why is that last week in 2017 my friend had trouble listening to music on his iPhone 7 even though all of us had earphones but just not for him. I do agree machines need to evolve and car industry was just an example, point being it did not cause trouble to the people. The transition to a next big thing must be smooth and trouble free. People don’t need to suffer by Apple’s arrogance. Christopher The iPhone 7 is a pretty decent upgrade IMO I would definitely suggest that you watch the keynote, if you haven’t already. About your friend, an adaptor was included in the box with the iPhone 7, although it may be inconvenient to use (trust me I hate it too lol), it is possible.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 2017’s iPhone Could Cost Upwards Of $1,000 By Tyler Lee on 02/08/2017 15:01 PST Apple’s iPhones have never been known to be cheap. In fact Apple’s iPhones are probably some of the most expensive smartphones available in the market today, and it seems that 2017’s iPhone won’t be any different. In fact according to the latest rumors, Apple’s 2017 iPhone will be more expensive than ever. According to a report from Fast Company, they have heard from a source who has “knowledge of Apple’s plans” that 2017’s iPhone could cost upwards of $1,000. Of course this is for the rumored iPhone 8 Plus model which is said to sport a larger screen, an OLED display, and presumably a dual camera lens like we saw in the iPhone 7 Plus. There is also rumored features such as wireless charging, and a brand new design that will eschew the home button in favor of a fingerprint sensor that lives underneath the screen. Now we know that existing iPhone models can go close to $1,000 when you go for the most high-end option, such as the 256GB iPhone 7 Plus which costs $969, but going beyond $1,000 is getting a bit out of hand. Naturally we can only imagine that there will be many who will be upset by this price hike if it is true, but until the iPhone is released and the sales figures are in, it’s hard to say how Apple’s customers will react. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2017-02-08 Moment Launches New Camera Case For The iPhone 7 2017-02-07 Apple Protests Australian Banks’ Request To Open Up The iPhone’s NFC 2017-02-06 iPhone Production In India May Be Contingent Upon Refurbished Sales 2017-02-04 The FBI’s iPhone Cracking Tools Have Been Released To The Public 2017-02-03 Apple Could Begin Making iPhones In India By End April Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Handy Abovergleich The iPhone 8 could be the first step to making Apple great again Chris Smith @chris_writes February 6th, 2017 at 10:12 PM Share Tweet Apple celebrates the iPhone’s 10th anniversary this year, a product that revolutionized the smartphone business. And Apple’s iPhone has been “doomed” for as many years, with plenty of pundits predicting the iPhone’s imminent demise — that all happened while many of Apple’s competitors saw their own destruction, including Palm, Nokia, BlackBerry, and Microsoft. In 2016 the inevitable happened, and Apple shipped fewer iPhones than a year before, drawing more criticism from some people. But Apple’s about to experience a series of upgrade cycles like never before, and it’s all starting with the iPhone 8. Don't Miss: During Trump meeting, Elon Musk made sure immigration was the first topic of discussion Apple sold 212 million iPhones in fiscal year 2016, down 8% compared to 2015. But Apple added more users to its installed base, which is a critical resource for Apple’s future iPhone business. Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi Jr. said in a research note seen by Business Insider that the installed base of iPhone users is “so massive” that it’ll practically ensure a series of self-generating “supercycles” in the years to come, starting with the iPhone 8. “Our analysis indicates that iPhone’s installed base will be nearly ~80% larger entering the iPhone 8 cycle than it was entering the strong iPhone 6 cycle,” he said. The installed base measures 691 million phones now and should hit 855 million by 2018. In 2018, some 2003 million iPhones will become old that users will go for a new model. The data shows the upgrade rate among iPhone users stays at roughly one in every four iPhones in the installed base. The bigger that installed base, the more iPhones Apple will sell to upgraders. As Business Insider points out, Apple might sell more than 200 million phones a year to existing iPhone owners in the years to come. Add to that new iPhone users that Apple will probably win every year, and we might see more and more iPhone sales records in the coming years. But it all starts with the iPhone 8 this September. Tags: Apple, iPhone 7, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Activision admits taking ‘Call of Duty’ to space was a bad idea 2 Tech Not even T-Mobile can touch the new deal Sprint just announced 3 Tech We’ll probably see the iPhone 8 sooner than we thought 4 Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse 5 Deals 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Picked For You The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse By Chris Smith February 9th at 9:02 PM Leaked photos show us how stunning Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design will be By Zach Epstein February 9th at 1:38 PM World’s top insider just confirmed one of Apple’s key iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s features By Chris Smith February 9th at 11:58 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Markets In One Chart Get email alerts The most valuable brands in the world, in one chart By Sue Chang Published: Feb 9, 2017 5:49 a.m. ET Share Apple, the most valuable brand for 5 years in a row, loses its place to Google By SueChang Markets reporter HowMuch.Net Where the most valuable brands come from. Six years after it lost the crown to Apple Inc., Google Inc. has reclaimed the title of the most valuable brand in the world. For Android fans, the reversal of fortune is especially gratifying given that much of Apple’s luster was largely due to the success of its iPhone. “Google won out mainly because Apple’s fall was even more dramatic. The iPhone company saw its value drop by 26%,” said HowMuch.Net. As of 2017, Alphabet’s GOOGL, +0.58% GOOG, +0.51%  Google brand is worth $109.47 billion, and Apple AAPL, -0.23%  is valued at $107.14 billion. See larger map “The market is volatile and their survival is precarious. Huge, wealthy brands can stumble and shrink to a ghost of their former selves,” HowMuch said. Brand value is more than just how much money companies are worth, according to the cost-estimating website. It also captures the abstract quality of how much confidence consumers have in the brand, as well as name recognition. Following closely on Apple’s heels is Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.74%  at $106.37 billion. AT&T Inc. T, +0.17%  comes in at fourth with $87.2 billion and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.09%   rounds out the top five at $76.27 billion, underscoring the dominance and the prestige of U.S. brands across the globe. Samsung 005930, -0.10% the Korean conglomerate that makes everything from Galaxy smartphones to apparel, was sixth with a brand value of $66.2 billion. The only other non-American brand to crack the top 10 list was Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, at $47.8 billion, Brand Finance data show. Brand Finance Aside from the predominance of tech names in the U.S., banks were the most valuable in eight countries, although with the exception of Santander in Spain, most did not have much global recognition, according to HowMuch. Energy companies and telecommunication brands also popped up fairly often on the map. More from MarketWatch Trump voters agree ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ supports travel ban, poll finds Super Bowl Ad: Kia This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again Quote References GOOGL +4.79 +0.58% GOOG +4.11 +0.51% AAPL -0.30 -0.23% AMZN +6.10 +0.74% T +0.07 +0.17% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% 005930 -2,000.00 -0.10% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. MarketWatch Partner Center Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $834.85 +4.79 (+0.58%) Volume 1.4M Open $832.95 High $837.15 Low $830.51 P/E Ratio 29.94 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 564.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $813.67 +4.11 (+0.51%) Volume 1.1M Open $811.70 High $815.25 Low $809.78 P/E Ratio 29.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 564.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $132.12 -0.30 (-0.23%) Volume 19.5M Open $132.46 High $132.94 Low $132.05 P/E Ratio 15.82 Div Yield 1.73 Market Cap 695.9B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $827.46 +6.10 (+0.74%) Volume 2.3M Open $823.82 High $828.00 Low $822.85 P/E Ratio 168.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 391.8B AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $41.38 +0.07 (+0.17%) Volume 11.1M Open $41.25 High $41.43 Low $41.20 P/E Ratio 19.75 Div Yield 4.74 Market Cap 253.7B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $64.00 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.2M Open $64.25 High $64.30 Low $63.98 P/E Ratio 30.19 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 495.0B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,918,000.00 -2,000.00 (-0.10%) Volume 220.4K Open ₩1,920,000 High ₩1,938,000 Low ₩1,915,000 P/E Ratio 14.7 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 302.0T LatestNews
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Industry apple tv Apple poaches Amazon Fire TV executive for its Apple TV team Can a former Amazon and Roku exec revive Apple TV? By Jose Vilches on Feb 8, 2017, 2:15 PM TechSpot Apple is bringing some new blood to lead the struggling Apple TV division. According to Bloomberg, the company has hired former Amazon Fire TV head Timothy Twerdahl to focus on hardware, while Pete Distad, the former Hulu executive who previously ran the division will now focus on content deals. Twerdahl spent nearly four years at Amazon, after joining the company's Fire TV unit in 2013. Prior to that, had years of experience with hardware and TV projects, including three years at Palm, two at pre-Google Motorola, half a year at Netflix, and almost two years at Roku. Now at Apple he will report to Greg Joswiak, a vice president in charge of marketing for the iPhone, according to the report. The Apple TV represents a slice of the company’s “other products” revenue category, which generated just more than 5 percent of Apple’s sales in fiscal 2016. The hiring comes at a time when the media streamer has struggled to gain much traction. The last hardware update for the Apple TV was released in 2015, with sales dropping year-over-year from the 2015 holiday quarter to the 2016 holiday quarter. Compared to competing boxes from Roku and from Amazon, the Apple TV is considerably more expensive at $149, yet the device is still stuck at 1080p when rivals are offering 4K and HDR. On the content side Apple released a new TV app that can search and display content from various sources, which combined with its single sign on feature promised a seamless TV experience — in practice, however, the absence of some key services like Netflix and Amazon Prime Video severely limited its potential. Related Reads Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick to get several new features via upcoming update Amazon to expand Fire TV's voice search later this summer Amazon loses $544 million in Q3 after Fire Phone failure Post a comment 38 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… FTC files suit against Qualcomm over anti-competitive practices Apple's premium iPhone X could cost more than a grand Apple was storing years of deleted Safari browsing histories Popular 61 comments AMD Ryzen: Prices revealed, no Windows 7 support, smaller than Skylake 21 comments Programmer fights back against phone scammers using army of bots Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
NFL NFL News Team pages Fantasy Football MLB MLB News Team pages Fantasy Baseball NCAAF College Football News Team pages NCAAB College Basketball News Team pages NBA NBA News Team pages NHL NHL News Team pages More Sports College Baseball College Hockey Boxing Formula One Golf Horse Racing NASCAR Soccer English Premier League La Liga MLS US Men’s National Team Tennis Track and Field UFC/MMA WWE isportsweb Sports in Perspective NFL | New York Giants | Grading the New York Giants’ 2016 rookie class Grading the New York Giants’ 2016 rookie class February 7, 2017 by Nick Bagnuolo Twitter Facebook Email Print General Manager Jerry Reese and the New York Giants’ organization deserve a lot of credit for the work they did in the 2016 draft. Most notable was the scouting and talent evaluating not only with the rookies they drafted but also the signing of undrafted rookies who made contributions this season. The Giants relied heavily on these rookies and to their credit they stepped up to the challenge. With the NFL season officially over, let’s take a look back at the Giants’ 2016 rookie class. Eli Apple There was a bit of surprise from Giants’ fans when the team drafted Apple over Vernon Hargreaves with the 10th pick. Apple was hit with a few injuries that forced his to miss some time and struggled with consistency early in the season. Following Week 6, Apple didn’t miss another game and his play started to improve. His size at 6’1’’ along with his speed makes him a great matchup for the bigger, faster wide receivers. Apple definitely has a bright future in New York. Final grade: B New York Giants wide receiver Sterling Shepard (87) quickly established himself as a WR2. Photo Credit: William Hauser-USA TODAY Sports Sterling Shepard Shepard is looking like a steal for the Giants in the second round. Shepard, arguably the best rookie from this class, quickly became the Giants’ number two target behind Odell Beckham Jr. Shepard finished second in receptions, receiving yards and receiving touchdowns among rookies behind New Orleans Saints’ Michael Thomas. Shepard was named to PFWA 2016 All-Rookie team. Final grade: A Darian Thompson and B.J. Goodson The Giants’ third and fourth round picks respectively both aren’t going to receive final grades. Thompson who won the starting safety position out of training camp had his season cut short due to a foot injury. Thompson only played in two games before having season ending foot surgery. As for Goodson, his only role on the team this season came on special teams. Both Kelvin Sheppard and Keenan Robinson both started over him, but both are free agents which could open the door to a bigger role for Goodson in 2017. Paul Perkins Perkins went from third/fourth string running back to starting running back by the end of the season. There is no question that the running game got better when Perkins was in the game. His ability to make defenders miss along with his speed ultimately put him ahead of Rashad Jennings. Perkins looks like he will be a key piece in the Giants’ offense moving forward. Final grade: B Jerell Adams The sixth round pick, Adams was the Giants’ backup tight end behind Will Tye for most of the season. Adams played in 13 games but only caught 16 passes for 122 yards and a touchdown. Tight end is a huge need for the Giants this offseason after getting limited production this season. Adams could once again find himself being the second string tight end next season. Final grade: C- Giants’ undrafted rookies: Andrew Adams What a find Adams was for the Giants. Adams began the season on the practice squad and found himself the starting safety following injuries to Thompson and Nat Berhe. Adams started 13 games and finished the season with one interception and five passes defended. Adams put himself in a good position to have a big role in the defense moving forward. Final grade: B+ Roger Lewis Lewis has the ability to be a starting wide receiver for the Giants but he struggled with consistency. Drops were a big part of his struggles. Depending on what the Giants decide to do with Cruz, it could lead to more targets for Lewis next season. Final grade: C-  Romeo Okwara Okwara had a limited role until he was called upon to replace Jason Pierre-Paul following his season ending injury. In his first career start he recorded a sack on Sunday Night Football against the Dallas Cowboys. It will be interesting to see what Okwara’s role will be next season if JPP decides to sign elsewhere. Final Grade: C If you would like to receive an email each time a new New York Giants article is published, fill out our email notification form.   Twitter Facebook Email Print Filed Under: New York Giants Tagged With: B.J. Goodson, Darian Thompson, Eli Apple, New York Giants, Paul Perkins, Sterling Shepard   About Nick Bagnuolo I am a senior at Fairleigh Dickinson University majoring in Sports Administration. I have been a sports fan my whole life. I am a die-hard New York Yankees and New York Giants fan. I will be covering the New York Yankees, New York Giants and Brooklyn Nets. You can follow me on twitter @nick_bagss Keith The Rookies looked great I can’t wait to see SS in year 2. If we land an outside threat that 11 package would be very hard to stop. JR still needs to figure out how to fix our O-line it’s been getting worse for the last 6 years. It’s time to pony up a pick for a proven thing to protect our franchise QB. SF has a new GM might be more open to dealing his LT given it’s a complete rebuild I would be ok dealing a 3rd rounder for a Pro Bowler for the next 3 years at LT. The best part is fixes 2 holes since we can move Flowers to the right side. Saying defenses will just move the best rusher doesn’t matter they line up on the LT so the QB doesn’t see them coming if Eli see’s the guy coming he can protect himself.   Headlines Michigan State Hockey: Roller coaster game ends 4-4, Wolverines top Spartans in shootout to win ‘Duel in the D’ Michigan State fights back to tie ‘Duel in the D’ game against Michigan but lose in shootout Projecting the St. Louis Cardinals starting rotation Why the Chicago Bears should sign Eric Berry What would Tony Romo mean for the Houston Texans State of the Washington Nationals 2017: Catcher, first, second base FC Barcelona: the impact of Luis Suarez suspension Predictions for the early NCAA Tournament bracket reveal   NFL News Why the Chicago Bears should sign Eric Berry What would Tony Romo mean for the Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts: Drafting a defensive playmaker a top priority Assessing the New York Jets hiring of QB coach Jeremy Bates More NFL News Tools Contact Email Notifications Internship Program Privacy Policy Site Map Spartan Kids Ticket Exchange Sports MLB NBA NCAA Basketball NCAA Football NFL Soccer Follow facebook Google+ Twitter Yardbarker YouTube Copyright © 2017 · isportsweb.com View our Privacy policy · Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Markets In One Chart Get email alerts The most valuable brands in the world, in one chart By Sue Chang Published: Feb 9, 2017 5:49 a.m. ET Share Apple, the most valuable brand for 5 years in a row, loses its place to Google By SueChang Markets reporter HowMuch.Net Where the most valuable brands come from. Six years after it lost the crown to Apple Inc., Google Inc. has reclaimed the title of the most valuable brand in the world. For Android fans, the reversal of fortune is especially gratifying given that much of Apple’s luster was largely due to the success of its iPhone. “Google won out mainly because Apple’s fall was even more dramatic. The iPhone company saw its value drop by 26%,” said HowMuch.Net. As of 2017, Alphabet’s GOOGL, +0.58% GOOG, +0.51%  Google brand is worth $109.47 billion, and Apple AAPL, -0.23%  is valued at $107.14 billion. See larger map “The market is volatile and their survival is precarious. Huge, wealthy brands can stumble and shrink to a ghost of their former selves,” HowMuch said. Brand value is more than just how much money companies are worth, according to the cost-estimating website. It also captures the abstract quality of how much confidence consumers have in the brand, as well as name recognition. Following closely on Apple’s heels is Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.74%  at $106.37 billion. AT&T Inc. T, +0.17%  comes in at fourth with $87.2 billion and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.09%   rounds out the top five at $76.27 billion, underscoring the dominance and the prestige of U.S. brands across the globe. Samsung 005930, -0.10% the Korean conglomerate that makes everything from Galaxy smartphones to apparel, was sixth with a brand value of $66.2 billion. The only other non-American brand to crack the top 10 list was Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, at $47.8 billion, Brand Finance data show. Brand Finance Aside from the predominance of tech names in the U.S., banks were the most valuable in eight countries, although with the exception of Santander in Spain, most did not have much global recognition, according to HowMuch. Energy companies and telecommunication brands also popped up fairly often on the map. More from MarketWatch Super Bowl Ad: Lexus Obama and Richard Branson in Kitesurfing Challenge Trump voters agree ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ supports travel ban, poll finds Quote References GOOGL +4.79 +0.58% GOOG +4.11 +0.51% AAPL -0.30 -0.23% AMZN +6.10 +0.74% T +0.07 +0.17% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% 005930 -2,000.00 -0.10% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. MarketWatch Partner Center Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $834.85 +4.79 (+0.58%) Volume 1.4M Open $832.95 High $837.15 Low $830.51 P/E Ratio 29.94 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 564.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $813.67 +4.11 (+0.51%) Volume 1.1M Open $811.70 High $815.25 Low $809.78 P/E Ratio 29.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 564.2B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $132.12 -0.30 (-0.23%) Volume 19.5M Open $132.46 High $132.94 Low $132.05 P/E Ratio 15.82 Div Yield 1.73 Market Cap 695.9B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $827.46 +6.10 (+0.74%) Volume 2.3M Open $823.82 High $828.00 Low $822.85 P/E Ratio 168.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 391.8B AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $41.38 +0.07 (+0.17%) Volume 11.1M Open $41.25 High $41.43 Low $41.20 P/E Ratio 19.75 Div Yield 4.74 Market Cap 253.7B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $64.00 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.2M Open $64.25 High $64.30 Low $63.98 P/E Ratio 30.19 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 495.0B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,918,000.00 -2,000.00 (-0.10%) Volume 220.4K Open ₩1,920,000 High ₩1,938,000 Low ₩1,915,000 P/E Ratio 14.7 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 302.0T LatestNews
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Wednesday Apple Rumors: AAPL Announces Launch Day for Beats X Earbuds Beats X earbuds will launch on Friday, Feb. 10 Feb 8, 2017, 1:34 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of a release date for the Beats X earbuds. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Wednesday. Beats X Earbuds: Apple will officially start selling Beats X earbuds this Friday, Feb. 10, reports BGR. The launch of the wireless earbuds comes after months of delays. They were originally announced alongside the iPhone 7. However, problems with the tech resulted in a delay for the earbuds, as well as the AirPods. Color options for the Beats X earbuds are black, blue, grey and white. They will cost $149.95. Apple TV: AAPL is getting more serious about its TV business with a new vice president for Apple TV product marketing, MacRumors notes. This new hire is Timothy Twerdahl. Twerdahl is the former general manager and director of Amazon.com, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV business. The company reportedly hopes that this will allow Pete Distad, its former head of TV product marketing, to help with content negotiations. Content providers have allegedly been reluctant to sign deals with AAPL to include their content in streaming packages. Optical Drive Lawsuit: A settlement in a class action lawsuit can get Mac owners $10, reports AppleInsider. The lawsuit states that four optical drive makers kept prices of the components artificially high from  April 1, 2003 to Dec. 31, 2008. Customers that bought an optical drive from one of the four companies, or a computer containing one of these drives, can get $10 back per purchase. The computers or optical drives must have been bought between the above-mentioned dates. The four optical drive makers in the lawsuit are Panasonic Corporation (ADR) (OTCMKTS:PCRFY), NEC, Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE:SNE), and Hitachi-LG. This offer is only available in certain states. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/02/apple-rumors-beats-x-launch-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 We just got some hard numbers on the massive iPhone upgrade cycle that's coming Jim Edwards Feb. 6, 2017, 9:04 AM 23,360 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.REUTERS/Toru Hanai Apple sold 212 million iPhone in its fiscal year for 2016, down 8%. It's rare that the company fails to grow sales. The company has taken a beating as a result, and CEO Tim Cook now regularly comes in for harsh criticism. "Steve Jobs's worst decision was promoting Tim Cook," a Quartz columnist wrote recently. "In five years the only truly new product that's managed to ship is the Apple Watch. And somehow, with 115,000 employees, Apple can barely get annual updates out for its laptops and desktop computers." But hold that thought. New data from Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi Jr. and his team suggest that the next couple of years for Apple will make this period look like a blip. The "installed base" of iPhone users is now so massive, and the annual upgrade rate so consistent, that future iPhone sales will be driven by a self-generating "supercycle." "Our analysis indicates that iPhone's installed base will be nearly ~80% larger entering the iPhone 8 cycle than it was entering the strong iPhone 6 cycle," he wrote in a recent note to clients.   The installed base of current iPhone users now stands at about 691 million phones, according to Sacconaghi. By 2018 that number is estimated to be 855 million: Data from Bernstein / chart from BI By 2018, 203 million iPhones will become old enough that users are likely to buy a new model: Data from Bernstein / chart from BI The upgrade rate stays at roughly 1 in every 4 iPhones in the installed base, annually: Data from Bernstein / chart from BI In other words, Apple can expect to get a year's worth of new iPhone sales simply from the one-quarter of existing iPhone users who feel they will need a new phone. So, Tim Cook may not have launched a new product as revolutionary as the iPhone, but he does deserve credit for creating a product so big that its future sales growth is a function of how massive its historic customer base is. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » NOW WATCH: Here's everything we know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 — Samsung’s most important phone Loading video... More: iPhone Apple iPhone 8 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru We just got some hard numbers on the massive iPhone upgrade cycle that's coming We just got some hard numbers on the massive iPhone upgrade cycle that's coming Apple sold 212 million iPhone in its fiscal... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content The Straits Times Opinion Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper The unlikely challenger to India's iPhone Adam Minter Published Feb 9, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4sEV Copy Last week, an Indian government official announced that iPhones will start rolling off an assembly line in Bangalore by the end of April, targeted at local customers. It's a big moment for Apple, which is counting on India's emerging middle class to make up for slowing sales in other markets. But don't bet on the iPhone conquering India, or any other emerging market, just yet. That's because smartphones of all kinds are facing stiff competition from an unlikely new challenger: feature phones. With simple handsets and small screens intended mostly for calls and text messages - similar to the Nokia or Motorola you probably owned years ago - a new generation of feature phones is suddenly looking like a threat to Apple and its rivals. For a technology long ago left for dead, feature phones have lately made some impressive gains. After years of almost continuous decline, global shipments have grown for two consecutive quarters. Growth in emerging markets has been especially impressive: In Africa, feature phone shipments surged 32 per cent year over year in the second quarter of 2016, compared with a decline of 5.2 per cent for smartphones. Expect that trend to continue, for a few reasons. One obvious advantage is price. At the end of last year, the average global price of a smartphone was US$256 (S$363), compared with US$19.30 for a feature phone. In emerging markets, where even educated urbanites typically earn less than US$10,000 a year (in India, they average US$5,385), that doesn't leave much in the way of consumer choice. But even if a buyer has US$256 to spare, the booming second-hand market offers far better options than a smartphone. In Ghana, where I recently spent a few weeks, US$256 will buy a used Pentium III desktop computer, a flat-screen monitor, a satellite dish and a decoder box to pirate satellite television broadcasts. Another factor is battery life. In many emerging markets, where electricity service can be intermittent, smartphones that have to be recharged each day can't compete against feature phones that can now go for weeks on a single charge. Equally important, most emerging-market customers prepay for voice and data, making smartphones that passively eat up bandwidth a major inconvenience. Feature phone makers are also coming up with innovative hardware and services. Chinese-owned iTel has introduced a speech-to-text system that might appeal to hundreds of millions of illiterate or visually impaired buyers with low incomes. India's Zync has introduced feature phones with as many as six SIM card slots, so customers can take advantage of lower rates when calling phones on the same carrier, or use separate lines for personal and business matters. The most important innovation, though, has been the development of mobile-payment systems that require nothing more than text-messaging. A user simply buys credit at a bank or service centre, then transfers the money via text to friends or merchants. For the roughly two billion people around the world who lack access to basic financial services, that can be a life-changing service. Kenya's M-Pesa has about 19 million users who exchange more than US$140 million daily. In India, the government is fast-tracking such services as a remedy to its demonetisation crisis. For smartphone makers, all this spells trouble. Some analysts in India are predicting a slump in smartphone sales and upgrades this year. Leading feature phone brands have even started introducing cheap smartphones of their own, hoping to convert their considerable market share and brand recognition into upgrades. It's likely that the next major advance in mobile technology won't be dictated by designers in Silicon Valley or Seoul - but rather by the needs of emerging-market consumers. In that sense, at least, old-school feature phones are starting to look like the future. BLOOMBERG VIEW A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on February 09, 2017, with the headline 'The unlikely challenger to India's iPhone'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SMARTPHONES INDIA APPLE MOBILE PAYMENTS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4sEV Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Online Grocer Grows Personal Data Protection Along With Business braintree_a123964_2016oct10_300x200_stros.jpg Rule the Roost – Ecomm tips to keep the holiday season going st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping Need a place to showcase your products or talent? Join Live10! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! BAGS with LOVE! Valentine's Day GIFT For Your Loved Ones! 4 Bottles of DYNAMO @ $29.90! Our Household Superhero! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist TextExpander 6.1.5 Airfoil 5.5.2 CleanMyMac 3.7.2 DEVONthink 2.9.10/DEVONnote 2.9.9 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1     Related Articles What Apple Can Learn from Airwalk (06 Feb 17) Despite $9 Billion Profit, Apple Revenues Slump Again in Q4 2016 (25 Oct 16) Apple’s Q1 2016 Sets Records, but Just Barely (26 Jan 16)     Published in TidBITS 1355. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.5.1 What Apple Can Learn from Airwalk A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 6 February 2017 ExtraBITS for 6 February 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 31 Jan 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (12) Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results by Josh Centers and Michael E. Cohen Reporting on its Q1 2017 financial results for the quarter ending on 31 December 2016, Apple has announced net profits of $17.9 billion ($3.39 per diluted share) on record revenues of $78.4 billion, beating the company’s guidance for the quarter. These results mark a return to growth for Apple after it fell short last quarter (see “Despite $9 Billion Profit, Apple Revenues Slump Again in Q4 2016,” 25 October 2016). The company took in revenues that were up 3 percent compared to the year-ago quarter (see “Apple’s Q1 2016 Sets Records, but Just Barely,” 26 January 2016). However, as Jeff Johnson of Lap Cat Software points out, Apple omitted the fact that Q1 2017 was one week longer than Q1 2016, due to the necessity of occasional “leap quarters.” Johnson estimates, based on weekly averages, that Apple would have had another down quarter if not for the extra week. Daring Fireball’s John Gruber thinks Johnson dings Apple a bit much, but agrees that some correction is needed. We’re curious to see if Apple maintains growth in Q2 2017, or if Q1 was an anomaly. Apple shareholders will receive a dividend of $0.57 per share on 16 February 2017 as part of Apple’s $250 billion capital return program, which also includes $140 billion in stock buybacks. The iPhone delivered happy news for Apple, as unit sales and revenues increased by 5 percent year over year, with 78.3 million units sold. Sales were spurred by the availability of the new iPhone 7 models and the holiday shopping season. In Q4 2016, Apple had seen a 5 percent year-over-year drop in unit sales (the iPhone 7 models had been available for pre-order for only two weeks), so this increase should help alleviate investor fears. Of special note, and one which Cook referred to several times during the call, was the “exceptional demand” for the iPhone 7 Plus models, even though supplies were constrained throughout the quarter and came into balance only after the quarter ended. Customer satisfaction ratings for all iPhone models reached 97 percent, and Apple achieved an extraordinary customer satisfaction rating of 99 percent for the iPhone 7 models. Sadly for Apple, after appearing to stabilize in Q4 2016, the iPad’s decline in unit sales and revenue continued this quarter. iPad revenues fell by a whopping 22 percent year over year, and unit sales were down by 19 percent. That’s especially painful given the resources Apple has poured into the iPad, especially with the iPad Pro models. Although it has been accorded prominent placement at the Apple Store, that hasn’t seemed to boost sales. Wall Street had expected a sales and revenue upturn for the iPad, so the continued decline may trouble investors. Steve Milunovich of UBS asked Cook to comment about that, and Cook responded with a number of excuses about channel inventory and a lack of new products. That said, it appears that a supplier shortage leading to constrained shipments was a real factor in the iPad’s disappointing quarterly results. Apple CFO Luca Maestri added that the iPad does have an 85 percent share of tablets over $200, and purchase intentions for the iPad are four times higher than for competitors, with the iPad Pro in the lead. However, there isn’t much movement on the tablet front as a whole, so it might be a category in decline for all manufacturers. Mac sales, however, were yet another bright spot. In a market segment that has been declining for years among most technology manufacturers, Apple nonetheless saw a revenue increase of 7 percent year-over-year for its desktop and laptop lines. Despite the complaints about the new MacBook Pro models, they appear to be a hit, perhaps due to pent-up demand. These results raise the question of how the Mac could have done had Apple updated other models as well. Cook said that the Mac generated its highest revenue growth ever, and it saw double-digit growth in the international and education markets. Apple’s Services segment, which includes AppleCare, the App Store, Apple Music, iCloud, and third-party subscription services, tallied an impressive revenue increase of 18 percent year over year. The Services category is becoming increasingly important each quarter, and we don’t expect that to change: the Services business is driven by the installed base, which grew by double-digits worldwide. Tim Cook reported that the App Store saw $3 billion in sales in December 2016 alone and that AppleCare and iCloud storage subscriptions are at all-time records. Over 150 million customers subscribe either to Apple services or to third-party subscriptions provided through the App Store. Apple expects Services alone to be the size of a Fortune 500 company this year. Cook also took pains to point out that App Store revenues were more than double the revenue of Google Play, and that’s despite Android’s significantly higher market share. Thanks in part to expansion into four new countries, Apple Pay use continues to grow, with a 500 percent increase in transaction volume and three times as many users compared to last year. Apple also announced that Comcast would soon allow its customers to pay their bills with Apple Pay. Apple predicted that Services revenue would double over the next four years, considering App Store growth (particularly in China), plans to grow the developer community in international markets, the success of Apple Music, increased demand for iCloud storage, the growth of AppleCare, and an ever-larger installed base of Apple devices. In contrast to its growing Services revenues, however, Apple reported an 8 percent year-over-year decline in Other Products revenues, which include products like the Apple Watch, Apple TV, AirPods, iPods, Beats headphones and speakers, and various accessories. The reason for the decline may be a collapse in Apple TV sales — Maestri told Tim Bradshaw of the Financial Times that year-over-year sales for the set-top device were down. In contrast, Cook stated that the Apple Watch set an all-time revenue record and that Apple could not produce enough of them to meet demand in the quarter. Cook also spoke glowingly about the AirPods, as well as the continued success of Beats. We’d like to see Apple break out more details about the Other Products category so we can better understand how each product family is performing. On the CarPlay front, Apple reports that over a million people are now using it, with every major automaker committed to supporting the platform. Although that may seem high, U.S. car sales topped 7 million in 2016 and worldwide the number exceeded 76 million last year, so the claim of 1 million CarPlay users isn’t as impressive as you might think. Cook mentioned HomeKit, but only in the context of saying that it’s unmatched in home automation security, and he went on a long digression about the many ways he uses HomeKit in his own home. He also mentioned new accessories in the pipeline, such as a water leak sensor, something we’ve discussed internally as a no-brainer addition to any home automation setup. Other optimistic notes include enterprise growth, which increased 70 percent over the previous quarter, and international sales increases “despite a very challenging environment” caused by the stronger U.S. dollar. Apple closed out the quarter with $241 billion in cash, with 92 percent of that money held outside of the U.S. Asked whether more of that cash might return to the U.S., Cook mentioned the possibility of “some type of tax reform this year.” In addition, he alluded to Apple’s growing efforts to create original content for its music and television businesses. Overall, Apple seems to be starting 2017 on solid footing, with successes for the iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch, AirPods, and the company’s various services. However, the iPad continues to be a sore point, and the Apple TV results are distressing. However, the Apple TV is in no danger, since Cook mentioned its importance to Apple’s overall content strategy. And no matter what, Apple seems committed to pushing the iPad as the next step in technology. Since Apple is committed to these products, it needs to do more to make them the best they can be.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s still not dead, nor even pining for the fjords, as it sees an apparent return to growth thanks to record-setting iPhone, Mac, and Apple Watch sales, as well as an ever-growing Services segment. However, the results weren’t so rosy for the iPad and Apple TV. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Steve Nicholson  2017-02-01 02:34 I don't feel like Apple is committed to the iPad beyond telling us how great it is. iOS 10 had no iPad-improving features. The app chooser for split-screen mode is still the cobbled-together proof of concept that came with iOS 9. They should be embarrassed. Instead of developing useful features, they were more interested in adding stickers to Messages. I've been a big Apple supporter since I got my Mac Plus in 1986 but their current priorities are baffling to me. So much so that I sold all my shares in AAPL last week. Reply Michael E. Cohen   2017-02-01 12:30 I agree that the iPad software could be better. However, the "cobbled-together" split screen mode does work well for me, as does picture-in-picture. Also, apps like Scrivener for iOS and hardware like the Smart Keyboard have turned it into a very powerful lightweight portable writing studio that I use almost as much as I do my desktop for writing long-form fiction. In addition, the Procreate app makes it the best drawing tool I've ever had. For really heavy lifting (writing Take Control books and TidBITS articles, or working on my finances, for example), I use my desktop Mac, and gladly, but I have to say I prefer my iPad for casual Web browsing, responding quickly to emails, editing my novel-in-progress, and drawing—as well as watching old movies late at night. If the iPad doesn't work for you, fine, but for me it has been a welcome addition to my workflow and playflow. I'd be almost as unhappy to see the iPad discontinued by Apple as I would be the Mac. Reply Steve Nicholson  2017-02-01 13:29 Don't get me wrong, I love my iPad. I'm looking forward to the next one which I'll most likely buy to replace my iPad Air 2 which I'll give to my wife to replace her iPad 3 which is still working fine for her. For me, the iPad is great for mobile web access and reading books. My work doesn't involve writing or drawing (mine is programming and bookkeeping) so I don't get to use it for work. I also don't find myself watching video aside from short YouTube stuff. My wife and I watch video together on the big TV with surround sound. You may have misinterpreted my split-screen mode comment. Split-screen itself works great, but choosing an app by scrolling through a single-column list of all apps is cumbersome at best. That's the aspect I find cobbled together. That should not have been allowed to exist in iOS 10. As far as CarPlay, I would have loved to have gotten it with my new Prius, but Toyota doesn't seem to be on board. For a long time their logo was conspicuously absent from Apple's CarPlay page. I see that it's there now but when you look at the list of available and upcoming models, Toyota is still a no-show. Reply Rick  2017-02-06 21:00 I also feel that doing a bit more on the OS front could generate some more excitement and more sales. So far, iPad improvement has been mainly on the hardware side (and extremely impressive); it may be time to redress the balance. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-02-07 00:29 Without new iPad hardware in all three sizes, AND new iMacs/Mac Minis/MacPros Apple is risking massive loss of their customer base. I'd like to replace my iPad Mini 3 in particular but if Apple bails on the iPad lines then I'll have to consider a Kindle Fire. Also Apple discontinuing their monitors and AirPort is a negative sign. Keyboards, trackpads, and mice will probably be next. iPod is already pretty much gone, too. Reply Dick Carter   2017-02-07 21:31 "Without new iPad hardware in all three sizes, AND new iMacs/Mac Minis/MacPros Apple is risking massive loss of their customer base." Thank you. My original iPad Mini (w/ ATT chip) has been a big part of my life. Now that it's been orphaned I'm desperate for an upgrade and lately heard that may not happen. Reading magazines and books, watching movies and YouTube, navigating in the car - the Mini is (was) the perfect size for me. It goes in my Hall of Fame, next to my SE/30 and iPod Touch. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-07 14:21 The reason Apple doesn't break out Other sales, like the Apple Watch, seems obvious to me: If they were actually proud of the numbers they wouldn't hesitate to show them. Clearly iPod sales have been cannibalized by the iPhone and, to a lesser extent, by the iPad. People who have an iPhone are unlikely to carry around an iPod as well—accept, perhaps, for use in the gym. And, while the iPod touch has gained in capacity—and price—and other specs are impressive as well, the screen size and the CPU haven't followed the iPhone. I imagine Apple has it's reasons for this, but it still makes the iPod touch seem stunted. The 128GB iPod Touch costs $399, so a larger screen version may be prohibitive. If you're going to spend that kind of money you might as well get an iPad mini 4, which is only $499 with similar features and a much larger screen. Interestingly, except for screen size, the iPhone 7 models have better specs than the iPad Pros, including a newer version of the CPU. Which indicates how iPad development has lagged. Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus is just a notch below the size of the smallest iPad and surpasses the largest iPad Pro in most other respects. Which is to say that a large iPhone is closer to a real computer than a large iPad. This seems bassackwards to me. Given this tepid development Apple has no one else to blame for diminished iPad sales. I mean, if it can't even keep up with the iPhone, what else can they, or we, expect? As for the value of Apple Services, have you tried to use iCloud lately for anything other than syncing your calendar? Their cloud services lag far behind the competition at Microsoft, Google and Amazon. Even Dropbox is easier to use. If you want to compare the value of Apple services, compare them to the competition, not to some vague Fortune 500 benchmark. Someone needs to poke a whole in Tim Cook's smoke and mirrors and take a look at what's really going on. Steve Jobs used to hide Apple's development plans because he savored the surprise those developments engenderd when they came to fruition. Tim Cook is hiding Apple's plans because there's so little going on that people would only be disappointed. The proof is in the pudding. Apple's pudding is stale, approaching rancid. Reply Michael E. Cohen   2017-02-07 14:47 You asked, "As for the value of Apple Services, have you tried to use iCloud lately for anything other than syncing your calendar?" Yes, I have. I use it for reminders, for notes, for books, for photos, for music, and for file and data exchange with apps like 1Password, PDFpen, Pixelmator, Pages, and Numbers. Very rarely do I have problems with it. It isn't perfect, but it works as reliably as other cloud services I have used. Reply Scott Randell  2017-02-07 15:49 What everyone is forgetting is that the sales of Macs and iPads will never keep up with iPhone sales. The service providers (Verizon, Sprint, AT&T etc.) all have different deals to make it relatively easy to upgrade to the next iPhone. So many users will upgrade every 2 years or so. With Macs and iPads it is more expensive so many of us will keep these devices (which work perfectly well for much longer than 2 years) much longer. I can bet most people upgrade their Macs and iPads about every 4 to 6 years. So you really can't compare the sales of these to iPhones. Reply Martin von Weissenberg  2017-02-08 02:56 You should know that Apple releases new iDevices in autumn well in time for the Christmas sales, and Q4 is traditionally their best quarter. Samsung on the other hand releases new devices in spring, hitting the summer sales instead. Year-over-year Samsung grew faster than Apple in 2016, despite the Note 7 recalls. The iPhone is not actually on a comeback curve, instead it's losing market share. (Whether this is a problem or not for Apple is up for debate.) The "leap week" theory is ludicrous, you need to correct the article. By definition Q1 starts on Jan 1 and ends on Mar 31 every single year and it has either 90 or 91 days (the latter is exactly 13 weeks). Probably the weather has more influence on sales than one leap day. Further, *all* quarters have approximately 13 weeks! If there was exactly 12 weeks in a quarter, there would be 48 weeks in a year. Funnily enough, there's 52. You do the math. Reply Martin von Weissenberg  2017-02-08 03:12 Crap, I just realized that the reason nobody has cried out about the weird calendaring is that it's actually true! If you use inches, feet and degrees Fahrenheit, rather than SI units, then why not define your own time units? And so Apple's fiscal 2017 is five days longer than the calendar year, making it 53 weeks. Reply Steve Nicholson  2017-02-08 11:52 Also Q1 doesn't start on Jan 1. Corporations can decide the date on which their fiscal year begins. That's why it's a fiscal year and not a calendar year. Apple's Q1 ends on December 31. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s still not dead, nor even pining for the fjords, as it sees an apparent return to growth thanks to record-setting iPhone, Mac, and Apple Watch sales, as well as an ever-growing Services segment. However, the results weren’t so rosy for the iPad and Apple TV. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers and Michael E. Cohen TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Is Now Rolling Out macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta 2 to All Mac Users GO Users can install the new version via Mac App Store Feb 8, 2017 22:27 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  If you've recently jumped on the macOS Sierra Public Beta bandwagon, you should know that Apple is now rolling out the second Public Beta build of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 operating system. The update comes about 27 hours after the Cupertino company released the macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Beta 2 to registered developers. However, the changes are the same, and now public beta testers can also install the new version on their Macs directly from the Updates tab of the Mac App Store utility. macOS 10.12.4 Sierra is the fourth maintenance update to the series and will be released this spring along with the iOS 10.3 for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch, watchOS 3.2 for Apple Watch, and tvOS 10.2 for Apple TV. Apple also plans to release Apple Configurator 2.4, an app for macOS 10.12.4 or later to set up and deploy groups of identically configured iOS devices, macOS Server 5.3, Safari 10.1 web browser, as well as Xcode 8.3 IDE for application developers. macOS 10.12.4 to introduce Night Shift, Siri support for Cricket fans The macOS 10.12.4 Sierra update is not just a simple point release that improves the stability, compatibility, security of your Mac, as it will also introduce a Night Shift functionality like the one we're using on our iOS devices to improve our sleep. Additional features include Siri support for checking Cricket scores, schedules, and player rosters from the Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council, better PDF manipulation, as well as dictation support for the Shanghainese language. You can get an early taste of all these features on your Mac if you install the macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta 2 update. We've prepared an in-depth tutorial for those of you who never installed a Public Beta build of macOS before, but please note that this is a pre-release version and we don't recommend using it as your daily driver. #Apple#macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta 2#macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2#macOS#Mac subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 8 Could Cost More than $1,000 Due to Design Changes, Premium Materials Apple Dominated the Smartphone Market in the US and GB in 2016 Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 to Developers, iOS 10.3 Public Beta 2 BeatsX By Dre Wireless Earphones Confirmed to Arrive on February 10 Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    macOS 10.12.4 Public Beta 2 released New Mac Apps Sip: A status bar menu application for the Mac OS X that enables you to quickly sample and encode colors that are visible on your Mac's screen. Manager: Versatile accounting software solution for Mac OS X that offers you the possibility to manage multiple businesses, to track all transactions, to generate reports, and so on Leanote: Connect to the Leanote online platform and organize your notes into notebooks, collaborate with other users, or post your entries as blog posts Day One: A streamlined and efficient journal / diary / text logging application with sync support, calendar view, password protection and more OmniOutliner: Powerful and streamlined OS X application that makes it possible to organize your ideas and projects in a simple and efficient manner Tidy Up!: A complex duplicate finder solution for Mac OS X that is able to analyze various types of files, such as images, music, applications, and more. Porting Kit: Games management solution that integrates downloading capabilities uses Wineskin to offer you the possibility to play Windows games on your Mac Reader comments Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 to Developers, iOS 10.3 Public Beta 2 more on: macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Oppo bullies Apple out of Chinese Smartphone market dominance - Irish Sun Issue 042/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Oppo bullies Apple out of Chinese Smartphone market dominance Irish Sun Wednesday 8th February, 2017 • Chinese brands rule domestic markets, pushing competitors out • Apple sales plummeted in China in 2016 • Samsung did not find a place in top five market holders’ list BEIJING, China - Chinese smartphone brands like Oppo and Huawei are believed to be tightening their grip on the domestic market. China, considered to be one of the world’s largest smartphone market, witnessed several changes in 2016.  Competition from local brands managed to drive out top foreign competitors like Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics. Local Chinese vendors, including Vivo held all the top three slots in terms of market share, with 48 percent of shipments in the country coming from these players in 2016.  These vendors are heavily relying on their new lines of flexible and curved-screen devices to continue dominating the market in 2017.  Apple’s shipments meanwhile declined in the fourth quarter of 2016, highlighting how iPhone 7 failed to impress in the face of escalating competition. A decline in Apple and Samsung’s market share, in one of the world’s top economy, began in 2011 when Xiaomi entered the market.  The company was ranked fifth in terms of market share in 2016. In 2016, iPhone shipments fell by 23.2 percent, thereby shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 percent - the lowest in about two years.  Samsung meanwhile toppled out of the top five positions in China. The IDC said in a statement, “Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past.” Chinese mobile makers are marketing higher-end gadgetry which is appealing to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation, experts opined.  For years the country has driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered.  However, the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives have taken a toll on Apple’s sales. Now, Apple is looking elsewhere, as it begins exploring a bright spot in India, where pricing is important. Currently, the company doesn’t figure anywhere in market share rankings. However, Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone’s launch later this year, marking the tenth anniversary of the device.  IDC added, “Apple’s ten-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone.” Meanwhile, Oppo, Huawei and Vivo have taken advantage of vast store networks along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores in small towns. Specifically, Oppo witnessed shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, while Vivo nearly doubled its annual shipments with 467.3 million smartphone units moved in China last year, rising by 8.7 percent from 2015. Chinese brands are now trying to explore foreign markets as well.  Huawei is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division abroad.  Vivo is already rivalling brands in India. IDC said, “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors.” Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture has announced that it will be creating 300 tech and design jobs. The additional jobs, that would be created at the company’s new incubation hub, would take the company’s total workforce in the country to over 2,200.  The company made the announcement at the official opening at ‘The Dock' - the company’s multi-disciplinary research and incubation hub. The Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, along with Accenture Chairman & CEO Pierre Nanterme opened the incubation hub that would house the new recruits in artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, the Internet of Things (IOT). It would also house industries including financial services, retail, consumer goods, life sciences and utilities. Commenting on the launch, Taoiseach Kenny said, “Accenture continues to make significant investments in Ireland, and we are delighted the company has made the country its centre of innovation, which further cements Ireland’s position globally as a technology hub. Accenture is a committed, long-term resident of these shores and we look forward to continued partnership as the company further enhances its presence in Ireland.”  With the new additions, the company aims at expanding its offerings in the technology and design areas for Dubliners.  Pierre Nanterme, Accenture’s chairman and CEO, “Our talented professionals across Ireland are imagining the future every day to solve some of the biggest challenges facing businesses, governments and consumers. We are proud to build on our long history in Ireland with today’s official opening of The Dock and investment in new jobs to drive innovation that helps our clients meet the demands of a rapidly evolving digital world.” Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor said, “Accenture’s decision to expand its innovation capability in Ireland represents a major win for the country, providing high-value employment and opportunities for people to work on exciting projects. We have earned a great reputation for technology innovation in recent years, and The Dock will enhance our country’s credentials even further. I wish the company and employees the very best in the future.”  The Dock, which is reportedly supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation through IDA Ireland is located in Dublin’s Silicon Docks.  According to reports, The Dock is one of the world’s most connected and intelligent buildings, using sensors to learn from occupant behavior, react to user feedback and allow the building to continually evolve. Martin Shanahan, Chief Executive of the IDA, said, “The Dock showcases Accenture’s depth of technology expertise in Ireland. The company’s continued investment in innovation and in its team of talented professionals greatly enhances Ireland’s position as a compelling location for global professional service firms. IDA continues to target additional investment in this key sector.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture ... Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to fast-track disputes on privacy, bullying and defamation - ... Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened DUBLIN, Ireland - The scope of inquiry in the smear campaign against Garda whistleblower may ... KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland DUBLIN, Ireland - After making the decision to remain in Ireland, KBC Bank is now ... New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up CORK, Ireland - After U.S. President Donald Trump’s confirmation on having no objection to plans ... Ireland to make late call on stomach-bug victim Rory Best Italy star Parisse calls for a Six Nations miracle in Rome Irelands Best a doubt for Six Nations clash with Italy Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Ireland News Breaking International News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Three-judge panel refuses to reinstate president's travel order China to seek fingerprints of travelers soon Travelers from certain countries may be forced to give out social media passwords Gaza Health Ministry claims Israeli air strike killed two Palestinians More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Mexico’s peso strengthened by 0.6 percent against the U.S. dollar Trump discusses interest in privatizing air traffic control Current generation of men earn lesser than the previous generation Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Anthem’s bid for Cigna blocked by judge as anti-competitive More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Radja Nainggolan expresses hatred of Juve ahead of Crotone match Fabio Capello - I rejected chance to coach PSG in 2013 Stampede before football match in Angola leaves 17 dead James Sands impresses New York City FC boss against Emelec Claudio Ranieri calls on Riyad Mahrez Jamie Vardy to start firing again More Europe Sports News Dublin News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Dublin News Economics News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Believe it or not Fruits vegetables tackle depression in 2 weeks Kenyas Criminalizing of Suicide Makes Things Worse for Mentally Ill Critics Say Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship More Economics News Belfast News Cash Me Ousside girls father speaks out Man regrets stag do stunt after getting eyelids tattooed Woman told mothers not allowed to enter beauty pageant Sturgeon apologies after MSPs IRA freedom fighters remark Derry man jailed for animal cruelty after dragging puppy like a dead weight along the ground More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Trump lashes out at retail giant Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka’s line from its on-sale brands list Govt mocks Malemas ball squeeze then apologises Prosecution Service unveils national campaign against child labor More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Code Koalas gets state boost for 88-job KC expansion plan Soz telcos youre low priority post-Brexit says leaked gov doc Talking to Tintris Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Four killed 100 injured in earthquake in southern Philippines Siemens wins order worth Rs. 101 crore from Delhi Transco Ltd. Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship TN Governor clarifies he didnt send any report to Home Ministry International Year of Pulses closes with call to build upon strong momentum More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'We don’t support the immigration ban' Kif Leswing Feb. 8, 2017, 5:21 PM 2,123 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Apple CEO Tim Cook gave the company's most full-throated condemnation of President Trump's recent immigration order while he was overseas, in Scotland. “We don’t support the immigration ban and we have been very public about it,” Cook said at a ceremony at the University of Glasgow, where he was receiving an honorary degree. "Our simple view is that Apple would not exist without immigration, so this is a huge issue for us. So what do we do? We voice our opinion and stand up - we don’t sit in silence," Cook said, according to the Scotsman, which was at the event. During a Q&A, Cook later said that he doesn't see Apple as an activist company. "I don't view Apple as an activist, and I don't view myself as an activist," he said. "The reason is that a lot of people hear that word and they think of a professional activist, and that's not what we are. What we do, for things that we have deep knowledge on, or think we do, or a strong point of view based on what we've learned, that gives us some standing to make a point, we're not shy. We'll stand up even when our voice shakes." Cook said that within 24 hours of Trump signing the order, he sent an email to all Apple employees addressing the order. Since then, Apple also signed its name to a Google-led amicus brief filed in court against the order. "I've heard from many of you who are deeply concerned about the executive order issued yesterday restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. I share your concerns. It is not a policy we support," Cook wrote in the memo. You can watch his ceremony and speech in full below: SEE ALSO: Apple CEO Tim Cook on Trump's immigration order More: Apple Tim Cook Immigration Order Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'We don’t support the immigration ban' Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'We don’t support the immigration ban' Apple CEO Tim Cook gave the company's most... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Blogs Baby Blog Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next It's disturbing how many TV dramas are using rape just to titillate: LIBBY PURVES on seeing sexual assault in Apple Tree Yard, EastEnders... and even Downton Abbey  How many times have you seen rape depicted on television? asks Libby Purves The new series of Broadchurch will focus on a rape, we’re told Are writers going for a rape scene as an easy way to create a crisis? By Libby Purves For The Daily Mail Published: 17:25 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 04:31 EST, 9 February 2017 e-mail 8 shares 98 View comments How many times, I wonder, have you seen rape depicted on television? The rivetingly grim BBC1 thriller Apple Tree Yard, which finished on Monday, pivoted on a terrifying, though discreetly shot, attack on Emily Watson’s character Yvonne. But there have been so many other screen rapes — some explicit, some just hinted at — in Happy Valley, Game Of Thrones, Mad Men, The Fall, Peaky Blinders, Call The Midwife, even Downton Abbey. The new series of seaside crime drama Broadchurch, returning this month, will focus on a rape, we’re told. The rivetingly grim BBC1 thriller Apple Tree Yard, which finished on Monday, pivoted on a terrifying, though discreetly shot, attack on Emily Watson’s character Yvonne Soaps, too, use it as a plot device. Victims include Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter in EastEnders and lingerie firm boss Carla Connor in Coronation Street. Even the radio gets in on the act: in The Archers, we had the sound of Helen’s protests as her husband, evil Rob, plied her with drink and forced her into unprotected sex when she didn’t want another baby. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'It affected me more than I realised': Emotional Katie Price... 'I felt spine-bending guilt': Australian man, 18, who raped... Share this article Share Is there too much of it? Is it always justified, as programme makers will claim, to remind us that violence against women happens (it is overwhelmingly women in these scenes)? Or are writers going for a rape scene as an easy, dramatic way to create a crisis and a motive for the next episode? Worse, is the attraction simply the titillation of sex mixed with violence, generally against an attractive female? How many times, I wonder, have you seen rape depicted on television? Soaps, too, use it as a plot device. Victims include Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter in EastEnders And, even more distressing, is it because the sight of a pretty woman, sobbing after an attack with her clothes askew, delivers a darker satisfaction? There are some men who resent females and enjoy being reminded that even a strong woman can be overpowered by an average man. Their horribly Neanderthal attitude is: ‘They may be taking our jobs and doing better in exams, but get ’em up a dark alley . . .’ THE SCENES DESIGNED TO SHOCK Downton Abbey (ITV): In 2013 lady’s maid Anna Bates (Joanne Froggatt) was raped in the boot room. Writer Julian Fellowes said sexual assaults were a danger for servants. Brookside (Channel 4): Sheila Grant was raped by a taxi driver in the Eighties soap. Sue Johnston, who played the role, said: ‘I was adamant we shouldn’t just produce a sensationalist piece of television.’ Game Of Thrones (Sky Atlantic): Out of many rapes, the one that provoked most outcry was the attack on teenage bride Sansa (Sophie Turner) by her husband. Call The Midwife (BBC1): Timid Sister Mary Cynthia (Bryony Hannah) was brutally attacked at night after delivering a baby. Happy Valley (BBC1): Police sergeant Catherine Cawood’s daughter is raped, and later kills herself. She must look after her grandson, whose father is in prison. EastEnders (BBC1): Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo) raped his brother’s wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) in 2014. He later attempts to rape his girlfriend, and is acquitted in court, but is exiled by his family. The Fall (BBC2): Rape and murder were glamorised in this seedy show that treated sex crime like a music video. Coronation Street (ITV): In 2011 factory boss Carla Connor (Alison King) was raped by her fiance who confronted her outside court. The show apologised after warnings this might deter women from reporting crimes. Mad Men (HBO): Office manager Joan (Christina Hendricks) was bullied and bribed by her bosses into having sex with a client. Peaky Blinders (BBC2): Matriarch Polly (Helen McCrory) is raped by Major Chester Campbell (Sam Neill) and later murders him. CHRISTOPHER STEVENS So is it necessary or is it overdone — particularly when so much TV drama today is written by women, as is the case with Apple Tree Yard, which is based on a novel by Louise Doughty? First, it is vital to state that rape is wicked and terrible: an invasion of a person’s body, a denial of their human dignity and very identity. Never mind how drunk both parties are, how confused their interaction, how strong a previous or marital relationship. Rape is rape, a crime second only to murder. Equally, it is vital to stress how seriously wrong it is for a woman to falsely accuse someone of rape out of vindictiveness or regret that she may have consented to sex. As a society we have learned to take the crime of rape with proper seriousness. But in entertainment shows, the dependence on it as a dramatic crux is disturbing. Sally Wainwright, writer of the excellent crime drama Happy Valley, has argued it is important to have such plots. The main storyline in the West Yorkshire-based series involved a woman police sergeant whose daughter was raped and then took her own life after giving birth. Ms Wainwright said feminists who complained that violence against women should never be shown were wrong, explaining: ‘The counter-argument is that you have to show the reality, otherwise you’re complicit in pretending that violence towards women doesn’t happen.’ The creators of the medieval fantasy Game Of Thrones piously point out rape and sexual violence have always happened in wars, so because their story is about war and power, not to include it would be unrealistic. Certainly, some treatments of rape onscreen have been much more sensitive than others. In Apple Tree Yard, the prevailing impression of the rape scene — with sudden blackouts, jerky shots of the attacker’s face and his fiftysomething professional woman victim’s terror — is of utterly unsexy, terrifying violence. The programme makers put a great deal of sensitive research into getting it right and keeping any titillation out of it. And the aftermath in the subsequent episode is truthful in its sensitivity, not least because the victim, Yvonne (a well-respected scientist), fails to report the attack to the police. She hesitates outside the police station with her sack of clothing — vital forensic evidence — before dumping it in a skip. This is important because one of the problems of real rape cases is the reluctance of some women to report it. Smart and intelligent as Yvonne is, her hesitation reflects many of the reasons why women sometimes don’t. She had a few drinks and knew the man as a work friend, so she fears that any defence barrister would play on that. Even more of a problem is that she is in a secret adulterous affair and had sex with her lover earlier that night. In real life, young women who are raped often fear that their one-night stands and general reputation will be trashed in a courtroom full of strangers. On Mad Men, Office manager Joan (Christina Hendricks) was bullied and bribed by her bosses into having sex with a client Also, Yvonne’s daughter is heavily pregnant and her son very fragile with bipolar disorder. The effect of a court case could be harsh on them and her husband. Her dilemma, therefore, affords an accomplished and useful drama. But that is not always the case in TV rape plots on TV. Many are the result of a producer wanting an easy plot device and to titillate viewers by featuring beautiful young women. (Note, though, that in real life, plain and elderly women get raped, too.) Rape stories create shocked interest, move the plot on and enable actresses to display close-up misery and humiliation without going too deeply into their full, diverse characters as human beings with complex feelings. So using rape in a story is, in some cases, downright lazy. You see this in new writing for the stage, too. Many times in fringe theatres I have sat glumly waiting for the inevitable moment a woman is flung to the ground with a male colleague on top of her, to keep a plodding script moving. Even long-established playwrights fall for the easy way out. A play by Edward Bond depicts a mother killing her twin babies, whereupon her husband’s reaction is to rape her violently (an unusual decision, one would think). When she wriggles away, he continues to sexually attack the sofa! And there have been moments, in grander theatres, which made me mutter, inwardly, the same response. Not a cry of outrage, but of ‘lazy!’ and ‘disrespectful!’. Unfortunately, rape is not the only lazy way out for uninventive writers who don’t get the simple fact that women, like men, go through complicated and nuanced problems in their lives. In 2013 lady’s maid Anna Bates (Joanne Froggatt) was raped in the boot room. Writer Julian Fellowes said sexual assaults were a danger for servants I’ve lost count of the number of times a show, on film, TV or stage, has relied on explaining a woman’s difficulties or sorrows by one of three elements from her past life: she’s been raped, had an abortion or been cheated on. And that’s all. You’d think those were the only ways to upset a woman. Apart from detective series with fraught female officers, you won’t very often see a heroine having a conflict entirely unrelated to sexual relationships — for example, a work crisis, an ethical dilemma or a difficult friendship. And so it was a breath of fresh air to see Nicole Kidman — so often chucked around on screen by male co-stars — in the play Photograph 51, playing a tensely focused, dedicated biophysicist whose work led to the discovery of the DNA double helix, yet who is less feted than her male colleagues. At no point did the author feel it necessary to put it all down to her having been the victim of a sexual attack. For which relief, much thanks! Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (98) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Are these bears just happy to see you? Sainsbury's customer points out that supermarket's hugging mugs look VERY rude (and said even her two-year-old son noticed) From the food to the wine to the language, the French do love better: Try our 15 ways to say Je t’aime (without crossing the Channel!)  Use primer, pack a compact and apply powder BEFORE foundation: Beauty expert reveals her top tips for melt-proof make up Inside Murray's mansion: Judy puts her luxury Scottish home on the market for £825,000 (and hints she might be moving closer to Sir Andy and his family in England) Can a £6,000 makeover REALLY transform the average woman into an A-lister? FEMAIL visits the BAFTA pamper suite where the stars are preened for the big night 'It looks like her throat's been slit': Mother's horror after her daughter was left hanging by a DRAWSTRING HAT  MORE HEADLINES Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Mother who weighed 413lb after gorging on EIGHT McDonald's a day sheds half her body weight after suffering a stroke (and racking up thousands in debt on fast food sprees)  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby and Taylor Swift have a perfect pair 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show - and even praises her for being 'real'  Hilarious video captures the shocked reaction of a new mother who FORGOT she had given birth because she was still high on pain medication after labour  Distressed bride launches a desperate bid to find her antique wedding dress, worn and made in 1870 by her great-great-grandmother, after it was 'sold by the dry cleaners' MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Laptops The best MacBook Air alternatives Emily FerronFebruary 9th, 2017 6 pictures New Atlas' picks for MacBook Air alternativesView gallery - 6 images The MacBook Air is not the lightest, thinnest, most powerful or most recent of the Apple laptop lineup, but with its slim size, worthy internals and mix of expansion ports, it is arguably the most user-friendly. If you're looking for comparable options, New Atlas has a few suggestions. Dell XPS 13 (2016) If you're willing to jump ship from macOS Sierra to Windows 10, the Dell XPS 13 (2016) is worthy of consideration. Like the Air, it has an attractive tapered metal build and more expansion ports than many of its competitors. It also boasts seventh-generation Intel Core CPUs (i3, i5, or i7) and a higher resolution display than the MacBook Air. Those specs represent a improvement in speed and power over the MacBook Air's fifth-generation i5 or i7 processors. In terms of the display, the MacBook Air offers only 1,440 x 900 resolution, while the entry-level Dell XPS' 13.3-inch display is 1,920 x 1,080 pixels, with a 3,200 x 1,800 QHD touchscreen upgrade also available. The XPS is equipped with legacy USB 3.0 ports x 2, USB-C x 1, SD card slot and an audio jack. The Dell XPS 13 starts at $800, though we recommend upgrading to at least the $1,000 Core i5 version. Keep in mind that big box stores like Best Buy often run sales on the XPS 13 and other Dell laptops, but be sure you're looking at the latest version, as previous models have the same name. 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro If you're trying to fill the shoes of a MacBook Air, look to the generation-old MacBook Pro rather than the 2016 edition. The 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display from 2015 encompasses some incremental improvements over the older MacBook Air, without some of the alienating qualities of the newer MacBook Pros. You're also more likely to find it at a compelling markdown. The MacBook Air is taller, wider and thinner than the 2015 MacBook Pro. It's also about 15-percent lighter. But if you can handle the extra weight, the MacBook Pro offers a 2,560 x 1,600 (227 ppi) display, a solid-state Force Touch trackpad instead of the older hinged version, a faster processor and better integrated graphics. Unlike the newest models with only two USB-C ports, the 2015 MacBook Pro still packs in an array of expansion options: SD card slot, USB 3 x 2, HDMI out and Thunderbolt 2 x 2. There's also a dedicated MagSafe charging port, something Apple has since done away with. Unfortunately, those two Thunderbolt 2 ports may well be obsolete if you don't have any compatible peripherals, and you'll probably miss the USB-C. The 2015 MacBook Pro is available new from Apple starting at $1,299, but can easily be found for less elsewhere, especially if you wait for sales or consider used or refurbished models. Buy MacBook Pro with Retina Display on Amazon 12-inch MacBook If you are drawn to the MacBook Air due to its former reputation as the lightest, most compact Apple laptop, that title now belongs to the 12-inch MacBook (just "MacBook", no suffixes). Switching to the MacBook means a downgrade in display size and number of ports, not to mention spending about $300 more. However, it's a newer, smaller machine with a higher-quality display. The biggest complaint against this machine is its single USB-C port, which is also used for charging. That means you can count on using some kind of adapter (not included) for most peripherals, though if you're a heavy cloud user you may never miss it. The MacBook also uses Intel m3, m5 or m7 processors that are more efficient, but less speedy, than the Air's core i5/i7 options. Still, the MacBook could be a good choice if you just want a newer, more portable laptop with all of Apple's characteristic good looks and operating system. It starts at $1,299 purchased new from Apple. Asus Zenbook 3 The Asus Zenbook 3 is more analogous to the 12-inch MacBook than the MacBook Air, but it's a worthy ultra-portable machine that is eye-catching and powerful to boot. Weighing only 0.95 kgs (2.09 lbs), it fits in a seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processor, 512 GB of flash storage, 8 or 16 GB of RAM and surprisingly capable speakers. Its display is visibly higher resolution (1,920 x 1,080) albeit a little smaller, than that of the MacBook Air. Unfortunately, the Zenbook 3 has only one USB-C port, but at least Asus includes an adapter that splits that port into a USB-C, HDMI out and USB3. The entry level Zenbook with the i5 processor and 8 GB of RAM starts at $999. The more powerful i7 version with 16 GB of RAM starts at $1,599. HP Spectre x360 The HP Spectre x360 is a highly configurable 2-in-1 tablet/laptop. 2-in-1s are increasingly popular; this is our pick for one that makes improvements on the MacBook Air in the same approximate price range. It that was originally introduced in 2015, but it was upgraded with seventh-generation Intel core processors last year. If versatility is a priority, you'll enjoy its touchscreen and 360-degree hinge. You can even add on optional active stylus for about $50. At 1.3 kg (2.85 lbs), it's slightly lighter than the MacBook Air, it has higher display resolution, and you won't even have to say goodbye to your expansion options. The Spectre x360 is equipped with USB-C x 2 and USB3 x 1. The base configuration starts at $1,049 directly from HP, but we've seen it go on sale. Want to explore comparable 2-in-1s? We also recommend the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, but we do expect a new version of that option in the next few months.View gallery - 6 images The best MacBook Air alternatives 1 / 6 Tags #MacBook #Apple #Laptop #MacBook Air #Microsoft Surface #Dell #MacBook Pro #Product alternatives Share this article Post a comment   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Harley-Davidson’s Road King Special gets the bagger treatment Three new uranium-rich minerals unearthed in Utah LG Watch Sport vs. Samsung Gear S3 Walking robot takes first steps into the market Recommended for you Latest in Laptops The best MacBook Air alternatives The best 12-inch MacBook alternatives Review: Asus Zenbook 3 is an ultra-portable mini powerhouse The best Microsoft Surface Book alternatives The best MacBook Pro (2016) alternatives Dell's latest laptops are built to survive the classroom Samsung Notebook 9 vs. Apple MacBook Pro (13-inch) 12-inch MacBook case would add ports, power, protection Hands-on: An accessory that gives the MacBook Air a touchscreen Hands-on with the updated Gram, LG's light and capable laptop Hands-on with Samsung’s Chromebook 2-in-1 and fleet of 2017 laptops Dell's new laptop leaves the power cord in the past Editors Choice How do you solve fake news problem in the post-truth era? Compare the latest tech gear 475-hp Dodge Durango SRT is a muscle car in SUV clothing The five best tiny houses under $50,000 Paddle farther with inflatable-paddleboard tent and dual-blade paddle The last Concorde makes its final journey Getting out of Auto: Understanding Shutter Speed The Volkswagen Bug becomes an unlikely auction hero Jetpack pioneer David Mayman's new electric VTOL flying car project The best tech toys from the London Toy Fair The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 Perfection in the making: Bugatti lifts curtain on Chiron production line Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DESIGNED IN CALIFORNIA Everything at Apple’s next campus—including the toilets—is inspired by the iPhone Written by Mike Murphy February 08, 2017 The mothership is nearing completion. (Reuters/Noah Berger) Share Written by Mike Murphy February 08, 2017 At some point this year, Apple will move roughly 14,000 employees into its brand new spaceship-shaped headquarters in Cupertino, California. The campus, which reportedly took 13,000 contractors and $5 billion to build, was one of the last major projects that Apple founder Steve Jobs worked on, and its construction has apparently has been held to the same high standards as any other Apple product. According to a report from Reuters yesterday, Apple Campus 2, as the company is calling it, has had a level of corporate oversight that very few architectural projects receive, with the company requiring sign-off on just about every aspect of the design and construction. Here are a few of the more intense details from the years-long build: The original contractors left. Skanska USA and DPR Construction, first tapped to build the project, left after work had begun, which Reuters points out is rare for a project of this scale. Perhaps the micromanaging became too much to handle. The buildings had to be perfect. The 2.8 million-square-foot main building could not have single electrical wire or pipe in plain sight, which likely makes it only slightly easier to modify or repair than Apple’s own laptops. Nor could any ventilation or piping be installed in a way that would reflect it onto the glass exterior walls. Likewise, in the same way that an iPhone arrives in a clean, white box, free of fingerprints, dust, or anything else that could detract from the immaculate Apple experience, the company told workers that its headquarters’ ceiling panels, made of polished concrete, had to be pristine inside and out. “Just as the inside of the iPhone’s audio jack is a finished product,” Reuters reporter Julia Love said in her report. It looks great, but isn’t particularly functional. Much as Apple has eschewed the headphone jack in its new phones and just about every port in its new laptops, form also won over functionality at its new HQ. The campus’s main building is shaped like a donut (or a donut-shaped spaceship), meaning that if you’re on one side and need to get to the opposite one, the quickest option involves leaving the building entirely. “It’s not about maximizing the productivity of the office space, it’s about creating a symbolic center for this global company,” Louise Mozingo, the head of the landscape architecture and environmental planning department at the University of California, Berkeley told Reuters. “They are creating an icon.” It has the world’s largest piece of curved glass. This has been known for a while, but Apple is currently installing 6 km (3.7 miles) of curved glass onto the exterior of its new main building. Apple’s documentation was extensive. So extensive that there was apparently a set of guidelines for using a specific type of wood. It ran 30 pages long. Apple was more demanding than most regulators. In the US, the tolerances permitted for construction measurements—how much leeway there is between what measurements a builder is working toward, and what they’ve actually cut—are usually about an eighth of an inch. According to Reuters, Apple asked for still more precise measurements, even for things that employees wouldn’t be able to see. The iPhone is everywhere. Architect German de la Torre, who worked on the project, told Reuters that Apple’s design language pervaded every aspect of the company’s approach to the buildings—even down to the toilets: German de la Torre, who worked on the project, found many of the proportions – such as the curve of a rounded corner – came from Apple’s products. The elevator buttons struck some workers as resembling the iPhone’s home button; one former manager even likened the toilet’s sleek design to the device. There are doorways, but not thresholds. Apple wanted every entranceway to be completely flush, with no thresholds between doors. Although the constructors protested, Apple said it was a must. The reason, according to Reuters, was so that engineers had less chance of getting distracted from their work as they walked, (although it’s unclear how much coding Apple engineers are doing while walking in the first place). It took 15 meetings to get the signage just right. Apple wanted its headquarters’ signs to be as minimalist as everything else about it, but fire codes dictated that they actually need to be legible, in case of, you know, a fire. A representative for the Santa Clara county fire department, Dirk Mattern, told Reuters he guessed he sat in on 15 meetings that covered the buildings’ signs. Door handles took over a year to figure out. One contractor told Reuters that after a year and a half of back-and-forth, the company still wasn’t completely sold on the door handle design that contractors had brought. An Apple reviewer told the contractors that they felt a bump in the design, even though the measurements indicated no defects were present. It’s not clear if the door handles have yet been finalized. Constructing an Apple HQ is like handling fine art. Workers had to wear gloves to make sure they didn’t leave any fingerprints or scuffs on the materials they were working with. “It’s like a painting that you don’t want to touch,” Brett Davis, the regional director of the painters union Apple used, told Reuters. “It’s definitely going to be something to see, if they let you in.” Read this next: What is Apple actually doing besides building that ridiculously expensive new headquarters? Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Login All Reviews Editorials News BeatsX Headphones Finally Launch On Apple Store Kwikset Premis HomeKit-Compatible Smart Lock Cognitive Systems Announces Aura Home Monitoring System Tips Self Publish Your Books With iBooks macOS: Using "Open With," "Always Open With," and "Change All" Podcasts iPhone Iris Scanner, Smart TV Privacy Tips - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-10 Apple's Expensive Anniversary iPhone - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-09 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You It's Time for Apple to Show iBooks Some Love This Wearable Movie Theater Gets Close, But Misses the Mark Vizio Smart TVs Spied on You, and the FTC Settled with a Wrist Slap View All Editorials → The Blossoming New World of Apple Watch Apps David Chartier @chartier Feb 8th, 2017 12:38 PM EST | Tips I’m a big fan of the Apple Watch and wear mine seven days a week. At first it was mostly for the notifications and health tracking, but after a while the apps started getting pretty good. Good enough, in fact, that after watchOS 3, I realized I could turn my Watch faces into app pages. “But what are these Watch apps that changed the face of your faces forever?” I’m glad you asked. Quick Primer: Get to know the new App Dock A key feature to the Apple Watch’s much-improved app experience is the App Dock, new in watchOS 3. It brings significant changes to app performance and your ability to quickly open your most important apps, do your thing, and get on with your day—one of the Watch’s core purposes for existing. If you aren’t familiar, check out our quick tip on the App Dock, then come back here to find some great apps with which to fill it. Now, let’s invite some new friends to the party. Drafts At first glance, Drafts for iPhone and iPad looks like a simple iOS app for quickly capturing text—ideas, shopping lists, your next great tweet, blog post theses (like this one!), you name it. If you dig a little deeper though, Drafts has some wild support for all sorts of things like pre- and appending text to a note, multi-step publishing workflows, and even automating with JavaScript. The Watch app has one of the Dick Tracy-est features on this list, which is why I added its complication to six of my seven faces. Tap the Drafts complication, and the app opens to voice dictation, ready to transcribe. Say your piece, tap done, and get on with your day. Hours Hours is a great app for tracking the amount of time you spend on various projects or tasks. It can work by itself or plug into a few services like Freshbooks. As a person who likes to put my iPhone away more often these days, the ability to quickly start project timers from my wrist is very welcome. AnyList Some people use any ol’ task app to create grocery lists. But constantly re-typing the same items over and over got way too tedious for me a while ago, so I sought out AnyList. Between its built-in catalog of grocery store items and the ability to add your own, you eventually build your personalized catalog of one-tap grocery list items. The Watch companion is a great way to quickly tick off items from the list you built on iPhone or iPad. Weather Underground I like to have a little more weather info on- handwrist, so I use Weather Underground for iPhone and iPad. The iOS app is great with data visualization and customization, and the Watch app has good access to a nice portion of that. V for Wikipedia This is one of those apps that transforms a fairly standard, though arguably dull, experience into something beautiful and engaging. V for Wikipedia has a personality and experience all its own, with one of its key features being location-based. A customized map view places colored bookmarks around you, tied to relevant Wikipedia articles. The ability to do this on my Watch is a fun, quick way to learn what’s around me and bookmark it for reading later. Gymatic g One of the most impressive Watch apps I’ve used in a while, Gymatic is a workout and strength training companion. While you use the iPhone app to view, analyze, and get an ego-boost from your data, the real magic is in the Watch app which uses the built-in gyroscope and accelerometer to log your exercises. After a little bit of training, Gymatic for Apple Watch gets pretty good at figuring out which type of training you’re doing and automatically logging each exercise, right down to the number of reps in each session. Productive Apps for tracking and encouraging better habits are a popular genre right now, and my choice is Productive. It’s easy to set up multiple habits, starting with a whole bunch of built-in templates for common things like exercise, taking your vitamins, reading, and cooking a good meal. Productive’s Watch app makes it easy to record when you’ve done yourself some good each day. Be sure to explore I am but one person, and this is but a tiny handful of apps that have taken advantage of all the new developer tools Apple has provided recently. If you haven’t spent much time in the Watch App Store lately, give it a look the next time you have a free moment—you might be pleasantly surprised. Of course, if I missed one of your favorite Watch apps, be sure to share it in the comments below. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: App Store, Apple Watch, Watch apps, watchOS, watchOS 3 One Comment Add a comment wab95 February 8, 2017 David: Great recommendations. I’ve added several of these to the list of my productivity apps. I’ve always felt that Apple need to add a bit more granularity to the workout section of the Activity app, and Gymatic does a bit of that. Also looking forward to playing with Drafts. Many thanks. February 8, 2017 at 4:42 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays Jeff Butts | February 10, 2017 How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You John Martellaro | February 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $132.12 -0.30 (-0.23%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » BeatsX Headphones Finally Launch On Apple Store Kwikset Premis HomeKit-Compatible Smart Lock Cognitive Systems Announces Aura Home Monitoring System Deleted Browser History From Safari Gets Saved To iCloud [Updated] Get Ready for Apple's $1,000 10th Anniversary iPhone Recent Tips See All » Self Publish Your Books With iBooks macOS: Using "Open With," "Always Open With," and "Change All" The Blossoming New World of Apple Watch Apps macOS: Using the Text "Transformations" Feature macOS: Use Preview Inspector To Look At Photo Metadata Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You It's Time for Apple to Show iBooks Some Love This Wearable Movie Theater Gets Close, But Misses the Mark Vizio Smart TVs Spied on You, and the FTC Settled with a Wrist Slap 10779 David Chartier tips 1 1486557521 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News BeatsX Headphones Finally Launch On Apple Store Kwikset Premis HomeKit-Compatible Smart Lock Cognitive Systems Announces Aura Home Monitoring System Tips Self Publish Your Books With iBooks macOS: Using "Open With," "Always Open With," and "Change All" Podcasts iPhone Iris Scanner, Smart TV Privacy Tips - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-10 Apple's Expensive Anniversary iPhone - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-09 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You It's Time for Apple to Show iBooks Some Love This Wearable Movie Theater Gets Close, But Misses the Mark Vizio Smart TVs Spied on You, and the FTC Settled with a Wrist Slap View All Editorials → Apple TV’s New Marketing Boss – TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-08 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Feb 8th, 2017 2:32 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Apple may have some new plans for Apple TV now that they hired away Amazon’s Fire TV boss. Kelly Guimont joins Jeff Gamet to talk about Timothy Twerdahl’s now job as Apple TV’s vice president for product marketing, plus they look at what could be in store for the next Apple TV refresh. MP3 Feed Feedback Apple TV's New Marketing Boss - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-08 2:32 PM Feb. 8th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple may have some new plans for Apple TV now that they hired away Amazon’s Fire TV boss. Kelly Guimont joins Jeff Gamet to talk... Sponsors Looking for fresh and ready to make meals delivered to your door? Check out Blue Apron. TMO Daily Observations listeners get three free meals from your first order and free delivery! Amazon’s Fire TV Boss Joins Apple TV Team Apple TV 5 predictions TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple TV, podcast, Timothy Twerdahl One Comment Add a comment Doug Petrosky February 9, 2017 I can’t believe how unfair Kelly is being toward HomeKit. I mean sure it had a rocky start but it is amazing now. Let me qualify. HomeKit works best as just homekit. No bridge! Just bluetooth and wifi. No third party signup or external servers, who wants to share your data or rely on third party servers. I challenge you to get a Koogeek plug passthrough. There is no easier setup. DownLoad the app, plug it in, scan the code and presto! Mr Kelly will never need the app if he doesn’t want it. Just log into your AppleTV so it acts as your passthrough and invite him to your home. Once you see how clean it is using the home app you will go looking for more direct wifi and bluetooth home kit devices. I added a deadbolt, and two hunter fan’s and two more koogeek plugs. I’m waiting for one of the announced bridgeless in wall light switches to start shipping and I’ll start replacing every switch in the house. I use my AppleWatch and Siri to control things most of the time. As for the new hire, don’t expect too much. It is not that Apple doesn’t know how to make an AppleTV 5 with 4K, HDR support that crushes the competition. It is that Apple will not ship a product that is not yet supported. They are obviously still trying to negotiate 4K streaming deals for iTunes. Think about it! You still can’t purchase a 4k HDR version of any movies on Amazon Instant. February 9, 2017 at 1:47 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays Jeff Butts | February 10, 2017 How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You John Martellaro | February 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $132.12 -0.30 (-0.23%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 10941 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 1 1486564349 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Apple / Apple is said to be ramping up iPhone 8 production much earlier than expected Apple is said to be ramping up iPhone 8 production much earlier than expected Matthew Wilson 2 days ago Apple It looks like Apple has some lofty sales expectations for its next smartphone, which is currently rumoured to be the iPhone 8/X, skipping over the iPhone 7S entirely. Normally, Apple would start manufacturing new iPhones closer to launch but according to reports this week, the iPhone 8 will begin production as early as June to ensure there are no shortages when September rolls around. This little tidbit of information comes from a report by BlueFin Search Partners, an analyst firm which claims that Apple is “ramping the next generation iPhones earlier than historical norms”, despite there not being any currently known changes in Apple’s iPhone release plans. In preparation for the next iPhone launch, Apple is also apparently already reducing iPhone 7, 7Plus and iPhone SE units, cutting numbers a bit as supply chains prepare to get started on the next generation. KitGuru Says: This is the ten year anniversary of the iPhone, so Apple likely has something good planned to commemorate the occasion. Clearly they are expecting a larger sales surge than usual too if production is ramping up earlier than usual. It will certainly be interesting to see what September brings.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags iphone 8 iPhone X news Previous Fire prone Samsung batteries caused a fire in its manufacturing plant Next MSI prepares to launch camouflage battle gear Check Also Apple’s 10 year anniversary iPhone to be ‘feature rich’, top storage could be over $1000 We are used to the iPhone being an expensive purchase, even when generational upgrades are … Rocky40 It could be what you said in the news post or it could be Apple knows the new crop of Samsung phones are going to make the current Apple phones look old I guess we will never actually know. Almakbates Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj249d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj249d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash249HomeStudioGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj249d:….,…….. Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Qualcomm Stock Slumped 18% in January The company was charged by the FTC for anti-competitive tactics and sued by Apple days later. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Feb 8, 2017 at 3:50PM What happened Shares of mobile chip giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) tumbled 18.3% in January, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence. A one-two punch of legal actions was the culprit, with the Federal Trade Commission charging the company with anti-competitive practices and Apple suing over patent royalty issues. So what On Jan. 17, the FTC filed a complaint in federal district court charging Qualcomm with anti-competitive behavior. The FTC is accusing Qualcomm of using its dominant position as a supplier of baseband processors to extract onerous supply and licensing terms from phone manufacturers. Image source: Qualcomm. The FTC alleged that Qualcomm uses a "no license, no chips" policy which withholds chips from phone manufacturers if they fail to agree with Qualcomm's license terms. The FTC believes this is effectively an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals' chips. Qualcomm is also accused of refusing to license standard-essential patents. Apple sued Qualcomm three days later, followed by another lawsuit in China. The iPhone giant accused Qualcomm of charging royalties for technologies that it had nothing to do with, effectively raising the cost of new features. According to Apple, it pays Qualcomm five times more in royalties than all other cellular patent licensors combined. Apple also accused Qualcomm of withholding $1 billion in payments in retaliation for cooperating with law enforcement agencies. Now what Qualcomm has disputed the FTC complaint and called the Apple lawsuit baseless, but any threat to Qualcomm's lucrative licensing business should be taken seriously by investors. During Qualcomm's first quarter, the licensing business generated $1.52 billion of pre-tax profit, compared to just $724 million for the chip business. How these lawsuits turn out is anyone's guess, and it will likely take quite a while for decisions to be made. It's also unclear whether these suits will affect Qualcomm's acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, which is scheduled to close before the end of the year. Investors pushed down the stock in January to account for these added risks, erasing a good portion of last year's gains. Timothy Green owns shares of NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 3:50PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.00 up $1.12 (2.12%) Read More Qualcomm's Earnings Call Dominated By Apple Lawsuit Why Isn't Qualcomm's Pain Intel's Gain? 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 NXP Semiconductors, NV Is Building Car-Chip Markets in China Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Qualcomm Stock Slumped 18% in January @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM
Home Lifestyle Apple Airpod: Great audio for Siri lovers and you can easily take a call with just a tap Apple Airpod: Great audio for Siri lovers and you can easily take a call with just a tap APPLE has been trying for sometime to bring in another product that proves to be a game changer just like the iPod, iPhone or iPad. It has had limited success with the Apple Watch. By: Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Published: February 9, 2017 3:31 AM Apple AirPods are, as the name suggests, earpods that stream music from your iPhone or iPad and let you control that device, to a certain extent, with voice. APPLE has been trying for sometime to bring in another product that proves to be a game changer just like the iPod, iPhone or iPad. It has had limited success with the Apple Watch. Now, it is trying again with the Airpods, which it hopes will change the way we interact with our devices and, of course, consume music. Apple AirPods are, as the name suggests, earpods that stream music from your iPhone or iPad and let you control that device, to a certain extent, with voice. Apple AirPods come with a charging case, and you slip in the two pods to charge them. In case you drain that too, Apple has thankfully made the pods chargeable with a regular lightning cable. The case itself is charged using a lightning cable. On full charge, the AirPods offer about five hours of music. About 15 minutes in the case is good for another session of listening. AirPods connect to your iPhone via Bluetooth, and it’s really easy to pair. What is good? Apple AirPods might be the pinnacle of wireless technology, but for me they will be a pair of great earphones first. These wireless AirPods are as good as anything that you can buy in this price range when it comes to audio accessories. It offers a perfect mix of bass and rich notes, and all music sounds good on it. Also Watch: But then this is not just about music. You can tap the right AirPod and start a conversation with Siri. I often end up with my phone charging in a different room as I try to complete work in the bedroom. In such a scenario, I could tap on the earpods and say “Play Music” to start my play list. I could skip music, check the volume and even get the iPhone to search some stuff for me, all sitting comfortably on my bed. AirPods also offer great audio quality and you can easily take a call with a tap. They cut off ambient noise to make conversations better. The fact that this has the mic dropping down towards your mouth makes the sound clearer for the other side. My biggest fear with the AirPods was that one of them would fall off soon. However, I wore them in office, took them for morning walks with small sprints in between, and they didn’t fall off, even though they felt loose. I would think that’s both physics and good design at work. What is not that good? We spoke about the design and how the AirPods stayed on. However, I have an issue wearing these where I am more visible. The one day I ventured out to a public park, there were stares and muted comments. In contrast to other products like Samsung’s Icon X, the AirPods do stick out and cry for attention. You do end up missing an easier way to adjust volume on the AirPods. Of course you can ask Siri, but a touch panel might have been easier. Verdict Some technology is way ahead of time. That is another way of saying there is not much you can do with it at this point of time. Apple AirPods seem to be in that space at the moment. They can do a lot and improve our world, but we can also live well without them. They are a must-buy for compulsive Siri users, others can consider these a great pair of wireless earpods. At the end of the day, do remember the regular Apple EarPods are as good too, if you can live with the wires. Estimated street price: R15,400 Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers Wednesday February 8, 2017 12:55 PM PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, two weeks after seeding the first public beta and one day after releasing the second 10.12.4 beta to developers. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple's beta testing program will receive the second 10.12.4 macOS Sierra beta through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Betas should not be installed on a primary machine due to the potential for instability. macOS Sierra 10.12.4 brings iOS's popular Night Shift mode to the Mac, allowing users to cut down on blue light exposure in the evening. Believed to affect sleep by upsetting the body's circadian rhythm, blue light is thought to be more harmful than yellow light. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. With Night Shift, the Mac's display automatically shifts from cool to warm at sunset and then shifts back at sunrise. Users can also set custom times for the display's colors to shift, or toggle the effect on manually. A Toggle to turn Night Shift on is available in the Notification Center, and Siri can also be used to activate the feature. macOS Sierra 10.12.4 also includes Shanghainese dictation support, cricket scores for Siri, improved PDFKit APIs, and iCloud Analytics options. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra 29 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) simonmet 2 days ago at 05:20 pm You get nothing for Night Shift on the late 2011 MBP 17", someone needs to release a hack to enable it!!! ;) I've been using f.lux for a while which does the same thing. You could say Apple "sherlocked" f.lux. Rating: 2 Votes BaltimoreMediaBlog 2 days ago at 03:47 pm I just upgraded to Sierra, but I don't think I can use it. It completely disabled my WIFI, says no hardware installed, yet the System Profiler clearly shows the hardware. Anyone have any thoughts? Rating: 1 Votes BaltimoreMediaBlog 2 days ago at 09:39 pm I have PRAMMED to the point of beating the thing with a lump hammer. PRAM resets do nothing. It is clear to me that Apple DELIBERATELY DISABLED WIFI on certain Mac Pro's due to their past problems with figuring WIFI out. I have filed a complaint with screen shots through Feedback Assistant, but unlike some other complaints I suspect I will get no answer or solution on this one. :( Rating: 1 Votes NEENAHBOY 1 day ago at 06:50 pm hope this fixes my google accounts in mail. I have to re-log into them every day since the 1st beta. Yes it does. For the first time ever, I got an email to the bug report I filed shortly before this went live advising me that it was fixed. Rating: 1 Votes windywalks 2 days ago at 03:32 pm The problem with Night Shift on older Macs is that it doesn't seem to be just a simple kext swap issue. macOS checks for the model of the computer and it looks like Night Shift only works with ones that have Metal enabled gfx chipsets. Rating: 1 Votes macs4nw 1 day ago at 02:40 pm .....I still stand by what I said before: if Apple addresses a bug that only affects vintage/near-obsolete and near-vintage machines, even if already belatedly and only on 10.12.5, they will absolutely regain my full respect. I wouldn't hold my breath for that, they would like you to purchase new equipment. I'm still peeved that my older, brick-style AirportExpress won't work reliably with the post-iTunes10 versions of iTunes. And since I also have a TimeCapsule, my only intended use for the Express is AirPlay. Technical reasons, or planned obsolescence? In keeping with Tim's obsession with profits, Apple is concentrating on the big moneymakers, and the Pro market being so small compared to the revenue generated by the iPhone and iOS ecosystem, only seems to get sporadic love nowadays. Even the consumer Mac lines, both desktops and laptops, sometimes seem to be treated like 'the ugly stepchild'. And one cannot any longer blame this on Apple's earlier mantra of only doing updates when warranted by significant improvements, rather than upgrading for upgrade's sake. That model appears to have long since been abandoned, and Apple now claims they depend totally on the availability of new chips or suitable graphics cards, while we all know these parts are sometimes available months before being introduced in Apple products, and in some cases skipped altogether for the next gen. Judging from the frequent comments on sites like these, many Mac users would like more frequent Mac updates, at the very least with the latest processors and graphics (so that if and when a user does decide to purchase new equipment, he/she doesn't have to choose between waiting and waiting and waiting, or paying premium prices for 6mos old tech), a return to post-purchase upgradeability, and minimized obsolescence, but none of the above is likely to happen. The industry trend is in the opposite direction. In spite of employing thousands upon thousands of employees (well over 100,000 if AppleStore employees are included), could it be that with the existing product line-up, the various Stores, the health initiative, HomeKit, Maps, AppleMusic, AI, AR, their TV ambitions, the Car initiative, self-driving Tech, and the new, nearly completed campus, Apple is just spreading itself too thin? I realize Apple can not be all things to all people, but sometimes I secretly miss the old Apple. Rating: 1 Votes tywebb13 3 days ago at 01:15 pm This is the same build as the developer one, 16E154a. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 193 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple's TV is 'worse than cable,' and needs a purpose, shareholder says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 4:38 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Gerber: Apple needs to find direction with Apple TV    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 3:36 PM ET | 03:14 One Apple shareholder is not impressed with the company's original content ambitions. "Apple TV is like off the radar now," said Ross Gerber, president and CEO of Gerber Kawasaki Wealth and Investment Management. "Using an Apple TV is actually worse than using cable used to be, and I thought the whole goal was to make it better. Really it's become just a Netflix portal. Apple absolutely needs to find direction with Apple TV and some sort of purpose." Though Apple hasn't put a formal stake in the ground on as far as making more original programming, revolutionizing TV is an Apple ambition that dates back to co-founder Steve Jobs. But Gerber said he doesn't necessarily think Apple's found the right path. Gerber told CNBC's "Closing Bell" that his Hollywood friends see Apple "poking around," but it doesn't make sense for Apple to pony up millions for creating content — something "they're not really that good at." Bloomberg reported that Apple hired Timothy Twerdahl, the former head of Amazon.com Fire TV unit, this month. In the company's latest earnings call, CEO Tim Cook told investors that he hoped to double the Apple's software and services business, led in part by Apple Music subscriptions and original content. "I don't know if original content is the solution," Gerber said. "I look at acquisitions at the solution, but they just seem like they're not willing to make one." When asked on an earnings conference call, Cook said iPhone maker is "always looking at acquisitions" and that it has acquired 15 to 20 companies each year for the past four years, "and there's not a size that [Apple] would not do." It comes after Apple reportedly showed interest in Time Warner — which later agreed to be acquired by AT&T — but no signs of a deal ever materialized. While some have argued that Apple should buy Netflix, Gerber said Apple "missed the boat." Gerber's not alone: Tech and media investor Eric Jackson wrote on Wednesday that Apple "snoozed on Facebook, Instagram and Netflix when they were younger. Those opportunities are probably gone. They can't miss the next wave of potential companies they could buy." Meanwhile, Gerber said that he's cut his stake in Apple's stock. "We were really frustrated with the iPhone," Gerber said. "We don't see any path for growth for Apple in the future right now." show chapters Apple nears new all-time intraday high    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 11:39 AM ET | 01:41 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Politics 2017-02-11 Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Will Apple Launch An Update This Year – Or Ever?  Gadgets 4 0 0 February 7, 2017 MacBook Air 2017 Release Date: Will Apple Launch An Update This Year – Or Ever?  Ronald Cress The MacBook Air 2017 release date is thus far unknown and truth be told, the laptop may not even launch at all. Last year was a busy year for Apple, but it saw no major improvement on the previously reigning lightweight laptop. An upgrade is long overdue – and the tech giant might be intending to keep it that way. According to speculations and rumors abound the internet, a MacBook Air 2017 is not coming at all. There was no MacBook Air 2016 and there will not be a 2018 version either. Why? Because the Air brand no longer differentiates itself from other thin and lightweight Apple products such as the MacBook 2016 and the iPad Pro. The MacBook Air’s discontinuation has been the subject of talks in the industry for a long time now, but Apple has neither confirmed nor debunked any. However, hints of the brand’s impending demise keep on coming. Fans have enough reason to believe that it will not be getting a successor ever. from $760 – #Apple ###MacBook Mmgl2ll/a 12-inch Laptop Retina Display Rose Gold 256gb New 2016 https://t.co/W6vT7TRJ41 pic.twitter.com/4Vt1Du8r6b — Apple Freak (@ToshApple) January 28, 2017 Last year, the MacBook was updated with new internal specs and a Rose Gold color as announced at Apple’s Spring Event. During which, it was also revealed that the Air lineup’s minimum RAM will be bumped up to 8GB. It was no significant upgrade, but nevertheless, fans hoped that a new iteration with new hardware will be introduced at the Worldwide Development Conference in June 2016 or at the October Keynote Event. Both are already over and neither held a MacBook Air 2016 announcement, leaving fans dejected but still hoping for a successor. Now comes 2017 and rumors of the laptop’s downfall are stronger than ever. Apple has already stopped upgrading the iPad Air in favor of a smaller iPad Pro. Will it resign the MacBook to this fate as well? The MacBook has effectively kicked off the MacBook Air from the throne with its lighter and smaller build. Those who don’t need the power of the Pro and want convenience above all, now prefer the more compact and much more chic laptop instead of the perfectly okay Air variant. The MacBook Pro is also now a part of the competition as sleeker and lighter iterations are being released each year. Although much more expensive, the 2016 variant can pass off as a compact laptop – one that is powerful at the same time. [Image by Stephen Lam/Stringer/Getty Images] Then there’s also the iPad Pro, a phablet that’s being marketed as a laptop replacement. It’s undoubtedly handier than the MacBook Air, which begs the question, is there no place at all for a new Air in Apple’s lineup? There’s one reason – and only one – that may make the Air stay a little longer. It’s currently the least expensive among the aforementioned options. Serving as an entry-level Apple laptop, a new MacBook Air 2017 could target students and those taking the first step into the world of OS X. With the astronomical prices of the MacBook Pro, or even the iPad Pro, not everyone can afford to buy one. Keeping a cheaper alternative will allow the Cupertino-based company to reach out to more customers and to retain business with people looking to upgrade their laptops. With that said, there’s still a chance that a MacBook Air 2017 with higher specs and a few other changes could be announced at one of Apple’s upcoming events. There’s no telling, though, just how much of the current specs will be upgraded. Should Apple decide to release a new MacBook Air this year, or ever, at least the 13.3-inch variant is expected to be launched. It will most likely ditch the traditional USB port as what the MacBook Pro 2016 did, and refresh its processor. However, to keep it different from the MacBook 2016 and more affordable, a Retina display will probably not arrive in the Air at all. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Read This: Amazon Dash Button Can Now Donate $5 To ACLU To Fight Against Donald Trump Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ronald Cress Tags: Apple, MacBook Air 2017, macbook pro February 23, 2016 Dinner Was Made Too Cute For This Boy To Eat [Video] February 22, 2016 Paralyzed Bunny Uses A Mini Skateboard As A Wheelchair [Video] View full timeline 9 hours ago iPhone 8 Release Date & Specs: Quick Charging, Plastic 4K OLED, & Mini Touch Bar 14 hours ago iPhone X With Over $1000 Price Tag To Feature Wireless Charging & OLED Screen? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Heavily Pregnant Natalie Portman Makes Public Appearances As Due Date Nears Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.

    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist TextExpander 6.1.5 Airfoil 5.5.2 CleanMyMac 3.7.2 DEVONthink 2.9.10/DEVONnote 2.9.9 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1     Related Articles Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results (31 Jan 17)     Published in TidBITS 1355. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Silently Updates AirPods Firmware to 3.5.1 Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Controlling Accessories TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 6 February 2017 ExtraBITS for 6 February 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Opinion | 06 Feb 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (38) What Apple Can Learn from Airwalk by Josh Centers When I was a teenager in the 1990s, Airwalk shoes were all the rage. They were a mandatory accessory for grunge-oriented youths, along with plaid shirts and corduroy pants. The company was founded in 1986, and in its heyday in the 1990s, it had grown to be the third-largest sneaker brand, behind only Nike and Adidas. Today’s teens have undoubtedly never even heard of Airwalk sneakers, which are now found on the bargain rack at Payless Shoesource. What happened? Wait, this is TidBITS, not a fashion magazine, so why am I talking about shoes? Keep reading. I’m about to tell you a story that may sound chillingly familiar. Airwalk began as a niche shoe for professional skateboarders. Skating legend Tony Hawk (who starred in an eponymous video game that ran on the Mac, along with many other platforms) was one of their first customers, and actually suggested the name. Much of Airwalk’s early popularity was due to getting input from skaters to create superior skateboarding shoes that wouldn’t cause blisters or crashes. Airwalk had a healthy business, but it didn’t hit the big time until it hired advertising firm Lambesis to run an ultra-chic, counter-cultural ad campaign. As Malcolm Gladwell wrote in “The Tipping Point,” Airwalk was a $16 million company in 1993. In 1994, it was a $44 million company. In 1995, it was a $150 million company. To satisfy the vast influx of teenage customers while keeping skateboarders and boutique shops happy, Airwalk developed a two-tier strategy. It sold cheaper, consumer-grade shoes to mainstream retailers like Footlocker while continuing to provide pricier, professional-grade shoes to boutique shops. But Airwalk’s success didn’t last. The company’s troubles began in 1997 as production problems led to limited back-to-school supplies. Meanwhile, its lineup had become stale, with few new models. Worst of all, Airwalk abandoned its professional line of shoes. Serious skaters dropped Airwalk, causing the brand to lose its cachet with teens, and it wasn’t long before Airwalk’s time in the sun was over. A smallish company exploding due to quality products and a hip ad campaign. A product line that split into both consumer and professional tiers to provide different price points and features. A company that was later plagued by production problems, stagnant product designs, and ignoring its professional market. Does that sound like another company you can think of? Airwalk might have skated along for a while with its old designs and made peace with retailers, but abandoning its key market of hardcore skaters was what drove it into market irrelevance. In terms of managing supply chains and industrial design, Apple has a pair of superstars in Tim Cook and Jony Ive (to the extent Ive is still involved in product design, anyway). And Apple no longer worries about disappointing retailers, having opened hundreds of its own stores. More concerning is how Apple is treating its professional users. Let’s itemize a few of the ways Apple has moved away from the professional market over the past five years: Killing the Xserve Dumbing down Final Cut Pro with Final Cut Pro X Replacing the pro app Aperture with the consumer-level Photos Increasing burdensome restrictions on Mac App Store apps Releasing a new Mac Pro without internal expandability Failing to update that Mac Pro for over 3 years Delaying updates to the MacBook Pro line for nearly 18 months Releasing a new MacBook Pro that has drawn criticism from professionals Showing a lack of support for automation by eliminating the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies We’re not alone in saying that Apple is now the iPhone company (see “Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac,” 21 November 2016). That’s where most of its profit comes from, and so that’s where most of its resources go. Fair enough. But, here’s the thing: the Mac and the capabilities it provides to professionals are the foundation of that iPhone business. Die-hard Mac users kept Apple afloat in the dark years before the iPod and then iPhone. And even now, regardless of all other professional uses of the Mac, developers need Xcode on the Mac to create iOS apps. Apple still has many things in its favor: $241 billion in cash, massive profits every quarter, one of the most popular brands in the world, and nearly 500 successful retail stores. And it might seem odd to criticize Apple now, especially when the company just broke a quarterly record with the most iPhone and Mac sales ever (helped by new iPhone and MacBook Pro models, plus the holiday shopping season, see “Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results,” 31 January 2017). But as we saw with Airwalk, things could go downhill fast if professional users were to leave the platform, taking with them all the people and organizations they currently keep loyal to Apple products. I don’t want to be too hard on Apple. The company is still incredibly strong and is doing better in some areas where it has been weak. By many accounts, Final Cut Pro X has improved greatly since its initial release, and some professional movie makers are giving it a chance. App Store review times are plummeting, and Apple is planning to allow developers to respond directly to App Store reviews. Swift is an exciting new programming language with a bright future, and it’s suitable for both compiled apps and scripts. You might argue that Apple and Airwalk aren’t comparable. For instance, although it may have gotten its start providing athletic shoes, Airwalk ultimately became a fashion company. But isn’t Apple similar in many respects? Apple opened its doors with the Apple I hobby kit, and by the mid-2000s, the iPod and its white earbuds were fashion mainstays. The Apple Watch is clearly intended to be a fashion item today. Even the MacBook, with its prominent usage in coffee shops, airports, and other public places, makes its own fashion statement. Despite these similarities, Apple is a much, much larger company than Airwalk ever was. Plus, Apple is making so much money and has so much cash that it can afford many more missteps than a plucky young footwear company. Perhaps most important, Apple can learn from the example of companies like Airwalk that fell from grace after losing sight of their most influential users. Here’s hoping Apple realizes the danger of diverting too much attention away from the Mac and its professional users.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about What Apple Can Learn from Airwalk To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Josh Centers explores what Apple can learn from a once-mighty shoe company. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Peter Meyer  2017-02-06 10:37 Josh, I was thinking about this over the weekend, but came to a different conclusion. Relying on fashion is not the winning strategy for a company that is this large. Nor is relying on what used to sell - gizmos. I am an Apple computer/phone/watch/TV user. I'll probably buy AirPods. But as a stock holder, I don't want Apple to stay there. I want Apple to move into healthcare and financial services and be willing to abandon computer power users along the way. Shoes are a great analogy, they move to a diminishing market. I want Apple to thrive, and I think it is time to move out of the diminishing phone and computers business and into services. If I could delegate Apple resources, I'd put some of the best folks they have on healthcare and finance. What does that make the phone and Mac? Loss leaders in 2020. Important to have but not the future of the company. So I guess that I am hoping Apple does the reverse of your last paragraph. Thanks for letting me think aloud, Peter Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-06 13:46 There's a lot to be said for Apple and services, but it's a matter of convincing the right people to write up their thoughts for us. :-) I think Apple is making some smart moves in the healthcare and IT spaces, especially with its IBM partnership. But as someone who uses Apple computers professionally, I don't want to see Apple become like IBM, moving entirely out of the end-user market to focus on back-end stuff. The iPhone is still by far Apple's largest revenue source, and the Mac users who create things for it are the backbone of that market. Reply David   2017-02-06 10:38 The day that a teen puts a poster of Marco Arment on the wall of their bedroom is the day that I will believe that the professionals you're talking about with regards to Apple are comparable to Tony Hawk. Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-06 13:46 Ha! Teens may not idolize developers, but they certainly enjoy the apps they produce, including maybe some of Marco's. You could argue that Snapchat today is what skateboarding was 20+ years ago, though that's sort of a lousy analogy. Another way to think about this is: imagine walking into a coffee shop and instead of MacBooks, everyone was working on Surface Pro tablets. Given enough scale, that'd certainly have a network effect. Something Gladwell describes in his book, which I didn't go into in the article, is how trends develop. You first have what he calls innovators, oddballs who do new things. Then you have other groups who translate those things for the masses, like mavens and connectors. My point is, to put it in Gladwell speak, if those innovators drop Apple for another platform, over time that could trickle down to the masses and quickly eat away Apple's bottom line. Reply David   2017-02-06 17:54 They may enjoy the apps, but I doubt that 1 in 100 of them know the name of the developer who wrote it. And that breaks the link between "I have to wear what Tony Hawk is wearing" and "I have to code on what Marco Arment is coding on." I can equally imagine -- in the coffee shop analogy -- the teens being horrified that the "old people" are using the same thing they are, and fleeing Apple en masse. Finally, I don't find Gladwell's arguments particularly convincing. He seems to me to regularly take a small part of a social science finding (10,000 hours of practice, eg) and blow it up into a much larger and simpler conclusion, one that makes a good pop-sci headline but doesn't really tells us much about the real world. The narrative at the moment seems to be that Apple is neglecting pros and that's going to cost them, but what I've mostly seen is a range of strained arguments about why it's going to cost them, ranging from possibly plausible to pretty outlandish. Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:34 I agree about Gladwell, which is why I didn't go too much into his theories in the article. However, outside of the linked interview, his book was the best source for the Airwalk story. The problem with arguments in favor of the professional markets is that there are a lot of intangibles there. In the case of Airwalk, it likely made total sense to dump the pro skater market for consumers — I'm sure they made far, far more money from Foot Locker than local skate shops. However, that turned out to be an enormous mistake, one that wouldn't appear on any spreadsheet. Reply David   2017-02-07 10:44 I think I'd like to see more than an anecdote before I buy into a narrative that is highly convenient for the people telling and reading it. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-07 22:44 One might say the same thing about your arguments. There's a whole truckload of wishful thinking there. Just from a local perspective, the predominant healthcare provider in my area, Palo Alto Medical Foundation, has excellent computerized records and services. They work on Windows PCs, not Macs. Other medical professionals use tablets, though they're not iPads, because they have to link with their non-Apple computer systems. Which is to say, without a Mac backbone, medical providers are not going to be using Apple products and services. Sure there are some highly visible Macs on some popular medical TV shows, but again, those are the Macs you so blithely dismiss. Great product placement, by the way. As Josh says, Macs are at the core of Apple's business. Without the Mac, the iPhone is just another gadget, here today, gone tomorrow. You know, like the iPad. And without the Mac, there will be no Apple products in medicine. As for financial whatever, all Apple does now is provide an access point via Apple Pay for consumers to the real financial service providers. They don't actually provide any of those financial services, nor are they likely to do so. Though they make a tidy profit with every Apple Pay transaction. You want to buy a Mac on credit through Apple you'll be using a Barclaycard, one of the highest interest rate charge cards on the planet, to whom Apple is only an intermediate business. In other words, I don't think your ambitions for Apple growth are grounded in anything like reality. As for shoes being a diminishing market, what planet are you living on? As large third-world countries like China, Mexico and India grow more prosperous, shoes will continue to be a growth industry. Just like iPhones. Which is why Apple is working so hard to break into the Indian market with lower price, recycled iPhones. That's where the growth is for them—and for Nike. The iPhone is the primary driver for the App Store, Apple's most prosperous service niche. And the App Store sells apps. And apps for the App Store are developed on Macs. Without the Mac there would be no apps and no App Store and, for all practical purposes, no iPhone. And no Apple. While Microsoft's Surface PCs are not yet a dominant product, Microsoft is clearly thinking long term, hence their huge investment in product placement in the NFL. The Surface Studio is coming out this year and will eventually, I presume to predict, make a significant dent in Apple's base among design professionals. Unless, as Josh hopes, Apple begins to take their professional base seriously once again. If I were twenty years younger I would certainly take the Surface Pro seriously. I share Josh's hope, but I don't share his optimism. If the new MacBook Pro is Apple's idea of a professional computer, with only 16GB of RAM, they've lost their way big time. They've taken their obsession with thin well past the point of diminishing returns. In the meantime, Tim Cook is good at blowing smoke at financial analysts, but as has been pointed out elsewhere in this issue of TidBITS, Apple's record first quarter was a week longer than the same quarter last year. In other words, Cook is using accounting gimmicks to draw a false equivalency between the two. Adjusted for that extra week, Apple's sales and profits are far less rosy than Cook would have us believe. At best they are flat, year over year. Is Apple making lots of money right now? Sure. Even with no growth they're still a rich company with money to burn. But they don't appear to be burning any of it on serious R&D. Like, perhaps, a touch interface for the macOS that can compete with Microsoft. iOS does touch just fine. But Cook refuses to acknowledge the need for it in OS X. Apple is riding high right now. But there's an old expression, what goes up must come down. Put another way, in business if you're not growing, you're dying. Implicit in Josh's argument is the proposition that Apple may have reached the peak of it's growth and success. They won't fail overnight, but that doesn't mean they're not failing. If Tim Cook is not aware of that, as he seems not to be, then Apple will be going downhill from now on. There may be a blip of success here and there, but that won't halt the downward momentum. Tim Cook is a nice guy and Steve Jobs was a jerk. Still, some might say the biggest difference between them is the vision thing. Steve had it. Tim does not. But I think the biggest difference between them is that Steve Jobs would not tolerate mediocrity. Time Cook seems to tolerate it all to well. Thanks David for giving me a jumping off point for my rant. I would have made it anyway, but you gave me a convenient place to start. I agree with Josh's premise, but I'm more skeptical than he is. Josh is politely suggesting that Apple needs to return it's attention to the Mac and the wide range of professional users who depend on it. Unlike Josh, however, I feel no need to be polite. Tim Cook needs to wake the f*ck up. Reply David   2017-02-07 22:37 You're certainly welcome. None of what you said was in response to my actual points, enough that I was wondering if there was another David in the thread. Apparently not. If you'd like to engage with my actual arguments, you're welcome to do that, too. Reply Nicholas Croft  2017-02-09 20:19 The PC 'enthusiast' market (broad term, basically power users of yore) is the only growth/margin market in the PC business. Apple are leaving money on the table by not addressing the enthusiast. Reply Zac Imboden   2017-02-06 15:06 What a thoughtful and well-written analysis. Regarding Peter Meyer's comments, I understand that Apple has it's own unique needs. What I would add is that what may be good for Apple (i.e. corporate expansion, diversification) may not be good for end users, specifically Mac users. I wish Apple to succeed as a company only as far as it concerns how they can continue to meet my needs and not theirs, my needs, not as a content revenue stream, an iPhone user, an iPad user, but as a MAC user. It appears to me that there is no longer any strong financial incentive for Apple to support and innovate their computer hardware and software as that segment continues to shrink in comparison to phone and content revenue. Continuing to complain about ridiculous mistakes in design and implementation and continuing to beg Apple to innovate and improve in the areas which matter the most to Mac users are losing propositions in the long run. If Apple wanted to do a great service to its various "niches", in my un-expert opinion, it would spin off the Mac and its system software and core apps into a separate company and let that company focus and innovate to meet the needs of its "niche" of Mac computer users at its own pace and peril. I'm not a investment guru, so I leave the financial merits of spin-offs for others. From an end-user endpoint, it seems to be the only way to get someone to pay closer attention to the very specific needs of computer users. Reply Travis Butler  2017-02-06 18:39 I think that would be courting the death of the Mac, honestly. As I argued in my other comment, the halo effect runs the other way - more people are buying Macs because they have used and liked Apple's consumer products. I think the main reason Macs have been bucking the overall decline in the computer industry is because they have Apple's strength in the consumer market to support them. If you cut the link there, you cut the main driving force for Mac market growth. Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:19 Thanks for the kind words, Zac. However, I disagree with Apple spinning off the Mac. Tight integration with other Apple devices is still one of the Mac's strengths, and a spin-off would threaten that. Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:20 I agree that the popularity of the iPhone and other Apple products helps drive Mac adoption. No argument there, and I think that's also still an important market for Apple. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-07 22:49 If Apple could value the Mac well enough to spin it off, they could value it enough to develop it internally. The problem is Apple doesn't seem to care one way or the other. Reply Derek Roff   2017-02-06 18:17 While Peter's suggestion that Apple get out of the hardware business strikes fear into my heart, I think it also misses Josh's key message. Why should a prudent investor like Peter assume that Apple can compete effectively in Services? This is an area where Apple has no particular expertise, and no intrinsic advantages. There are dozens of companies who understand Services better than Apple, and have both a deeper background and more agility. Airwalk survived as a fashion company, barely, and Apple might survive as an also-ran Services company, but as Josh indicates, this looks like the path to obscurity. Apple is a significant force in Services at the moment, because they are rich from hardware sales, and incredibly well known, from their integrated hardware, software, and lifestyle sales. Tossing all that out is, as Josh says, a losing strategy. Apple will not make its investors richer by proclaiming, "Think Conventionally". Reply Travis Butler  2017-02-06 18:30 Sigh. Another day, another 'Apple is doomed because they aren't catering to Important Users Like Me' article. The glaring flaw in this example is that it argues that people are drawn to Apple's consumer products because of the popularity of their computers among the elite - the halo effect. But if anything, the halo effect has run in the opposite direction, and has since the heyday of the iPod. People are buying Apple's consumer products, like the experience, and buying Macs to go with them. I've argued this before: Apple has, from the very first Apple ][, *always* catered to the ordinary user above the elite. When 'personal' computers were bulky S100 boxes that needed a separate dumb terminal and the arcane C/PM OS, Apple released a cute, streamlined all-in-one that hooked to a TV and booted into BASIC. When IBM introduced the designed-for-cubicles PC, Apple introduced the novice-user-friendly Mac. When smartphones were geeky tools, Apple released the iPhone. That's who they are. Reply Adam Engst   2017-02-06 18:44 So you're saying that none of your less-technical family, friends, or clients buy Apple hardware because of your recommendations? In my experience, most people who know they don't have the technical chops to make an informed decision buy based on social influence. Reply David   2017-02-06 21:27 Are his family & friends a sufficient sample to generalize? Reply Travis Butler  2017-02-07 04:51 Actually, seriously, yes. I've been asked for advice on *which* Mac to buy, but everyone I know who bought Mac in the last year decided to go that route on their own. Reply Adam Engst   2017-02-07 10:11 This is a discussion, not a research study. :-) Reply Adam Engst   2017-02-07 10:10 I obviously don't know the specifics, but unless you're well known for being platform agnostic, I doubt people would ask you for advice on other platforms. Your social influence to recommend Apple products is likely well known. Lots of people ask me for my opinions about what to buy, but they're always aware that I know Apple technology. But the article's point is that if you'd said, "Apple's hardware is stagnating and you'd be throwing money away if you didn't look at an Android phone or Windows PC" would those people ignore you and still buy Apple gear? In other words, if you as a tech influencer switched away from Apple gear, how many people would go with you eventually, purely because of your influence? Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:22 I'm not arguing that Apple is doomed. I can't count how many times I've written here something to the effect of "Apple is far from doomed." However, I do think shirking the professional market is an enormous mistake. Nor would I want Apple to drop or lose focus of its massively successful consumer line. The professional and consumer sides of Apple help build its strong ecosystem. Reply David   2017-02-07 10:50 2 people would go with me. Which would reduce Apple customers for the last quarter from 96 million people to 95,999,998. Even if there were 50,000 tech influencers who took 2 people with them, it would reduce Apple's customers from 96 million to 95,900,000 last quarter. (all numbers either approximate (customer numbers, people I influence) or made up (number of tech influencers)). Math done badly and on the fly. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-07 23:26 I'm not arguing that Apple is doomed, either, though I'm more cynical on the subject that Josh is. For one thing, doomed is a vague and melodramatic term. If Apple fails to innovate and improve the Mac, then their base of support will be eroded over time because, as I said before, the Mac is the core of Apple's business. Without it Apple's other business interests would fail to flourish. And that's putting it mildly. In my opinion, without the Mac there is no Apple. But I don't see Apple killing the Mac. After all, it's still making money. What I see happening, as Josh points out in more polite terms, is that the Mac appears to be declining in importance for Apple. This doesn't spell doom, but it does spell stagnation. Meanwhile, Apple competitors continue to innovate. As an artist, the Surface Studio is the first Windows PC that has ever piqued my interest. If Apple continues to rest on it's laurels Microsoft is going to eat their lunch. Now that they are making good hardware, Microsoft is playing in the same ballpark with Apple. And, like macOS X 10.12.x, Windows 10 is a solid and accessible OS. And there are areas, like cloud services, where Microsoft far exceeds Apple's success. So do Google and Amazon. Services aren't going to save Apple's bacon. The Mac is the only thing that can do that, not because it makes the most money, but because it's central to the success of every other Apple venture. What I don't understand is why Tim Cook doesn't seem to know this. His desultory remarks about the future of the Mac are not encouraging. Another incremental update to the iMac or the Mac mini isn't going to get the job done. Nor are incremental improvements to the macOS. As I've said before, at the top of my wish list is a touch screen interface for the macOS. Without this it's very hard to see how Apple is going to keep up with the competition. Reply Christian Kaatmann   2017-02-06 19:21 The thing that Apple is certainly doing right now - seen from a user perspective - is that _all_ of their systems are much more reliable now than they used to be. I very rarely have to reboot, if one app crashes the rest of the system carries on unperturbed, I can go seamlessly from my Mac to my iPhone to iCloud on a windows machine without ever loosing a comma in the text I'm working on. It's like magic compared to not so many years ago. And Apple has got us all happily hooked on its services with iCloud at the centre. And I mean happily, thinking of the days back with Excel 1.04, swapping disks on my Mac SE or more recently trying to keep my iMac from crashing every time I switched from Mail to Word to Excel to ... Apple keeps a lot of customers happy and deeply dependent. Reply Peter Meyer  2017-02-06 19:31 That is a great point. Thank you! Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:23 Apple does enjoy tremendous lock-in, which certainly gives it staying power. iCloud is one of the weaker service bundles, but it's bolstered by the popularity of the hardware, which in turn benefits from iCloud lock-in. Not to mention dependence on iMessage. Reply Peter Meyer  2017-02-06 19:30 A quick addition if you don't mind. I am going to express my opinion, not fact. I don't think that Apple will abandon the larger Mac and phone and iPod markets (or TV or iPads.) I am looking at these devices as critically important. Not important as computing devices, but highly valuable as data devices. What is the difference? Computing takes place in a small fairly closed environment. Data is fed by and then feeds a larger system. (I think of the Mac Pro as being about computing, the iPad and Apple TV as being about data.) If I look at this as an investor, I see that data system as services with end point devices. The devices are either commodity products or are really sophisticated at handling data to and from the user. That data is the core of the future services. (Again, this is me as businessman, not as the guy who is really enjoying this MBP right now). Apple should, absolutely should, stay in the end point market and make exceptionally exciting devices like an iPhone so light that you need a lanyard to hold it in place. Those devices are data portals, and the real economic engine for what might be the most valuable company on the planet will be the data services. They actually might subsidize the hardware experiments that many of us love. For those hardware experiments, my credit card vibrates in anticipation. My business mind is looking for services in healthcare and automobiles. The hardware is what we know, the services that we do not yet know will be our future, just as the pocket computer once was. So much for me being quick. Josh, Adam, thank you! Reply Herb Bowie  2017-02-06 20:16 The analogy seems a bit contrived, and the conclusions a bit overblown. Part of what we have always loved and respected about Apple is its intent and ability to skate to where the puck is going to be, not to where it is. If we think about these issues from that perspective, we might make the following observations: 1. As device buses get increasingly powerful, and as the pace of technology change quickens, and as the desire for smaller computers increases, it will make sense for users to do "upgrades" by adding or swapping out peripherals, not through changes to the internals of their computers. 2. As SSD, memory, networks and microprocessors all get faster, the simple desire for ever bigger numbers -- faster chips, more RAM, etc. -- becomes less and less relevant for most users. 3. While Apple needs to provide core apps and services to make the average consumer happy, Apple's primary contribution to the larger app ecosystem is to make better tools for developers, not to make "Pro" level applications themselves. 4. As security becomes more and more of an issue, tight controls on the App store become increasingly important; however, third-party software suppliers still have the ability to deliver apps to their customers outside of the App store, so customers can have the best of both worlds. 5. As it becomes easier and easier to develop Mac applications, and as the Mac development tools grow stronger, and as the number of specialized apps continues to grow, it becomes ever harder to see why the Mac would need a special department for "Automation Technologies" for those few users who cannot find already developed solutions to their problems, yet who are also unable to develop new solutions themselves. So, yes, in all these cases, there are some short-term bumps in the road for many of us, and some more difficult issues for a few of us, but isn't this what we've always expected from Apple? Reply mike sanders  2017-02-06 21:53 Excellent response and a much more focussed overview, great respect to Josh but like so many "old" Apple users you still expect them to be a computer company which they no longer are. I have been a user since 1987 and an investor since the 2000s and have to say I am completely satisfied on both accounts. A very well run company which clearly knows where it is going just that it doesn't share it with us until the time is right. Have you seen the stock price today? Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:25 Per your point on automation — I think Apple sees Swift as eventually overtaking AppleScript. That's fine with me, but Apple also needs to continue to create automation tools for professionals who aren't programmers. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-07 23:47 I agree. Unfortunately, Apple has a habit of dropping the ball on good ideas and technologies. For example, iWeb was overtaken by the competition because Apple lost interest in developing it. The same goes for Aperture. Now Apple Script and Automator are threatened with extinction, with no accessible replacement in sight. Apple Script and Automator enable the user to plug right into the OS and their applications. They are essentially programmable apps. Swift, on the other hand, is a programming language not an application. It's hard to imagine a third party developing a program with Swift that will have the broad capabilities of Apple's native apps. If history is any guide, apprehension is called for. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-02-07 00:35 You forgot bonehead moves like killing Apple Displays, AirPort, and now it looks like the iPad lines will be next. Possibly even the desktop Macs. Tim Cook needs to be canned. Reply Josh Centers   2017-02-07 10:26 Indeed, I should have mentioned the loss of Apple displays and the apparent abandonment of AirPort routers. The latter is a thorn in my side at the moment, since my Express is on its last legs, and I'm distrustful of others on the market. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-02-08 01:06 Right you are. Both Apple Displays and Airport routers have been overtaken by the competition because Apple has apparently lost interest in supporting and improving them. This has the look of a tradition at Apple. Or a disability, like ADD. There was a time when third-party routers did not support the Mac with decent setup software. Airport routers solved that problem, though they tended to be less capable than the competition. They had the virtue of being simple. That time is past. Though various routers handle the matter differently, their setup software has improved. For instance, I can get into a Comcast router's built-in setup software with a simple URL, as I did with Linksys routers in the past. AT&T has always bumped me to a web site where I entered the appropriate information and the web site passed it to the router. This was particularly useful in the old days when routers and modem settings often got corrupted. If something went wrong, pop, there I was at the AT&T setup page. Nowadays routers are more reliable and such problems are rare—though not unheard of. Apple eventually improved the simple Airport Base Station by including a hard drive that interfaced easily with Time Machine—the Airport Time Capsule, an appropriate name at the time. And the Time Capsule has improved over the years with a space saving tower configuration and larger hard drives. Though you can still get the Airport Extreme which is a simple router without the hard drive. It's comparably priced with similar routers, except that you still need an external modem, which might be a disadvantage, unless you're used to setting up modems. That said, I don't know why Apple is apparently dropping their WiFi product line. They work perfectly well. Perhaps sales have declined as service providers now so often provide their own routers and independent modems are less common. Airport routers still require an external modem, which puts them behind the curve. I used to like a separate modem because they tended to fail more often that routers. But now I rent my router from Comcast and if it fails for any reason I just pop down to the Xfinity store and get a replacement. The same goes for AT&T. I haven't had occasion to set up an Airport router in years. Still, I don't think it's a good reason not to get a replacement Airport Express if your Airport Extreme orTime Capsule is still working OK. Current models have the fastest WiFi, 802.11ac, and they are still for sale on the Apple web site, as is the Airport Express. Replacing the Express seems to me to be simpler than regigering your entire system with a new router and a new repeater. But then if your router is also having issues, there are less expensive alternatives to the Airport, depending on your setup. Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-02-07 04:37 Great analogy and thinking, for the Mac platform. I liked the idea the combination of (1) techical brilliance, as seen by the recognised "experts" and (2) some hype (better call it "intelligent design") is a key factor of success for the Mac. Remove one of the two pillars and the structure collapses. To remember, I still have on my LC-475's screen saver (not used any more) the picture of a snail carrying on its back a rival PC's Intel CISC processor. These old macs used Motorola RISC processors, deemed faster by the "experts". You may have called to the bar Michelin, whose tyres for trucks (trucking fleets are the tyre equivalent to the Mac's "expert" users) are in demand for their durability (mileage), while car drivers don't measure mileage but simply benefit from it without knowing. Car tyres benefit directly from R&D invested in truck tyres just as the Mac for me [ordinary Joe] directly benefits from the Mac used, misused and challenged by its professional users (the "experts"). I am not so sure, though, the above analogy works for the iPhone, iPad and iWatch lines (is it still true that the iPhone for the Presidents is called "Blackberry"?). Thanks for the brain teaser. Reply Nicholas Croft  2017-02-09 20:13 The PC 'enthusiast' market is the only one with growth. Sell the OS for $500 - restricted to 6 core+ (ie X99) motherboards, only from (a few) vetted vendors. No manufacturing costs. Pure profit once initial outlay of programming is covered. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Josh Centers explores what Apple can learn from a once-mighty shoe company. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist TextExpander 6.1.5 Airfoil 5.5.2 CleanMyMac 3.7.2 DEVONthink 2.9.10/DEVONnote 2.9.9 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1     Related Articles iTunes 12.5.4 (13 Dec 16) tvOS 10.1 Unifies the Apple TV Experience with “TV” App (12 Dec 16) Apple’s TV App Seeks to Unify the Apple TV Experience (27 Oct 16)     Published in TidBITS 1349. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. TidBITS 2016 Gratitude and Holiday Hiatus WinterFest 2016 25%-Off Sale on Take Control Books and 13 Mac Apps tvOS 10.1 Unifies the Apple TV Experience with “TV” App watchOS 3.1.1 Fixes a Handful of Bugs Mangobeat Amplifies iPhone Volume Naturally and Sustainably iBooks StoryTime Brings Read-Aloud Books to Apple TV PlayStation Vue Wins Cord-Cutter Option for News and Sports DirecTV Now Joins the Scrum of Cord-Cutting TV Services TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 12 December 2016 ExtraBITS for 12 December 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 12 Dec 2016 | Print  | Comment (8) iOS 10.2 Adds TV App, HomeKit Notifications, New Emojis by Josh Centers Apple has released iOS 10.2, which includes the new TV app, new emojis, a smattering of new and enhanced features, and a plethora of bug fixes. You can install the roughly 360 MB update via Settings > General > Software Update or through iTunes. The marquee new feature, at least for U.S. users, is the TV app, which replaces the Videos app (see “Apple’s TV App Seeks to Unify the Apple TV Experience” 27 October 2016). TV integrates video content from multiple apps, such as iTunes, HBO NOW, and Starz, so you have one place to access all of your shows — except those in Netflix, which doesn’t yet support the TV app. You can add shows to an Up Next list, which keeps track of the programs you’re following and syncs between your Apple devices. The TV app is also available in tvOS 10.1 — see “tvOS 10.1 Unifies the Apple TV Experience with “TV” App” (12 December 2016). If you sign into iTunes with an Apple ID account based outside the United States, you won’t get the TV app and the Videos app will remain. For people who prefer communicating with pictures, iOS 10.2 adds over 100 new emoji, including bacon, clowns, and whiskey. These additions come just in time for my 2016 year in review. Those who are dipping into home automation will appreciate iOS 10.2’s HomeKit improvements — notably the addition of notifications. Now, HomeKit devices like motion detectors, door and window sensors, and water leak sensors can send you notifications. Also, HomeKit vendors can send you notifications when your HomeKit accessories have software updates available. Plus, iOS 10.2 reportedly improves Bluetooth performance and connectivity with third-party devices. That should help with both HomeKit sensors and a whole range of other accessories. Apple focused attention on Photos in iOS 10.2, improving stabilization and frame rates for Live Photos, beefing up the accuracy of photo grouping in the People album, supporting more raw image formats, and fixing some bugs. Messages features two new screen effects — Love and Celebration — which you can access by entering your message to an iMessage user, pressing and holding the blue arrow icon to access effects, tapping the Screen tab, and then swiping from right to left. Messages also fixes an issue that sometimes prevented the keyboard from showing. In the Music app, Shuffle, Repeat, and Up Next are now easier to access from the Now Playing screen in iOS 10.2 — just swipe up. You can also now choose how to sort Albums, Playlists, and Songs in Music’s Library screen. The News app sports a few improvements, including an icon in stories that lets you jump to the next story. Plus, articles from paid sources will now be featured under For You. Mail receives fixes for an issue that caused the Move sheet to persist after filing a message, problems with long presses activating copy and paste, and a bug that would select the wrong message after you deleted a conversation. Those who rely on iOS’s accessibility capabilities may appreciate the addition of BraillePen14 to VoiceOver and fixes for the Braille table switching unexpectedly with VoiceOver, Siri’s enhanced voices sometimes not being available, and Switch Control being unable to delete voicemail messages. iOS 10.2 also includes fixes for issues that would show FaceTime participants out of focus, prevent Visual Voicemail from playing, cause Safari Reader articles to open as empty pages, and crash Safari after you marked a Reading List item as read. Finally, iOS 10.2 also includes fixes for 12 security issues. The changes in iOS 10.2 are sufficiently widespread that we encourage some level of caution — wait a few days and check the online discussions before installing to make sure the update doesn’t cause other problems. Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: iOS 10: A Take Control Crash Course Quickly master new (and existing) features in iOS 10 on your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch! TidBITS Managing Editor Josh Centers helps you come up to speed with extensive coverage of iOS 10's key enhancements, including the new Lock screen, Widget screen, and Home app, plus changes to the keyboard, Messages, Control Center, Mail, Maps, Photos, Safari, and more.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about iOS 10.2 Adds TV App, HomeKit Notifications, New Emojis (Comments are closed.) Michel Hedley  2016-12-12 18:40 Wow! new Emojis! How earth shattering. How amazing. What clever software development. Scott M.   2016-12-12 19:47 Don't forget the new screen effects, "Love" and "Celebration"! 😉 Who needs things like Mac hardware updates when we get new emojis and screen effects! gastropod  2016-12-12 23:40 Does the update still support 32-bit apps? Does it get even more annoying when opening them? I have a bunch of old apps that still work just fine, I don't care if they 'might slow down' my phone, and a few are much used and irreplaceble (american heritage dictionary, an hp-11 emulator, news rack...), so I can't update until I'm sure that they don't break. Thanks. cavok  2016-12-13 10:04 iPhone 5S update possible only with iTunes. Simon   2016-12-15 08:30 Has anybody else here observed this bug? On my iPhone 6 whenever I select update for an installed app in the App Store app's update section, the download starts but when the circle is almost complete, it appears to start over from the beginning. This happens to me with any app update and on wifi as well as 3G. Is this just some weirdness here or is this an actual bug others have noticed as well? David Emme  2016-12-15 16:42 I've seen this more than a few times on my iPod Touch 6G running 10.0.2. After apparently "trying" several times it sometimes indicates success and sometimes just seems to quit. In the latter case, occasionally the app has been updated in spite of the circle not changing to an "Open" button. G. Douglas Eddy  2016-12-27 11:34 What happened to my DVD chapters? I loaded a number of DVD's and purchased a bunch that were concert videos - would use specific chapters (song performances) for things like working out or just seeking a selective video experience. NOW THEY ARE GONE! Please Apple - stop dumbing down your software! I'm getting ready to switch after 31 years. First bookmarks gone from Pages and now this! Jason Williams  2017-02-07 04:19 The new emijis are awesome but does it still support 32bit apps? By the way you can also check iOS 11 emojis  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Free Shipping Clearance Savings Sweetheart Savings Apple Clearance What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel 7th Gen Tax Portal More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 49 2154 271 760 1029 43 196 342 112 80 748 498 Editor Tested Ultraloq, A Biometric Smart Lock CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant EKWB, Premium Cooling Systems Trending Events Gifts for Your Valentine Small Home Appliances Sale Grooming Liquidation Sale For Sellers Sell on Marketplace Save Big with Shipped by Newegg iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Electronics >  Cell Phones - Unlocked >  Cell Phones - Unlocked >  Apple >  Item#: N82E16875100557 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery Apple iPhone 7 256GB Gold Unlocked Smartphone Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller IOS OS 10 with4.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit widescreen A10 Fusion chip With just a single press, 3D Touch lets you do more than ever before. 1334-by-750-pixel resolution at 326 ppi The 12-megapixel iSight camera captures sharp, detailed photos. It takes 4K video, up to four times the resolution of 1080p HD video. LOADING... Apple iPhone 7 256GB Gold Unlocked Smartphone Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A iPhone 7 dramatically improves the most important aspects of the iPhone experience. It introduces advanced new camera systems. The best performance and battery life ever in an iPhone. Immersive stereo speakers. The brightest, most colorful iPhone display. Splash and water resistance. And it looks every bit as powerful as it is. This is iPhone 7. Design Makes a splash. Takes a splash. New black and jet black finishes Splash and water resistant New Home button iPhone 7 reaches a new level of innovation and precision. The jet black finish is like nothing we've ever made. The enclosure is splash and water resistant. The Home button is completely reengineered. And with a new unibody design that's seamless to the touch, iPhone 7 feels as amazing as it looks. Two sizes. Five finishes. With iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, we're introducing a beautiful black with a matte finish and a deep, high-gloss jet black. Both the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models — constructed with incredibly strong 7000 Series aluminum — are also available in our signature silver, gold, and rose gold finishes. The gold standard of black. Crafted from bead-blasted aluminum, our new black model has a rich, deep matte finish. The high-gloss jet black finish was achieved through a new feat of design engineering — a remarkably precise, nine-step process of anodization and polishing. The end result is so purely and continuously black, you can't tell where the aluminum ends and the glass begins. The dark side, indeed. Built to be water resistant. With its entire enclosure reengineered, iPhone 7 is the very first water-resistant iPhone.So now you're protected like never before against spills, splashes, and even dust. An all-new Home button. The Home button on iPhone 7 is an advanced solid-state button designed to be durable, responsive, and pressure sensitive. Working in tandem with the new Taptic Engine, it gives you precise tactile feedback as you press. And it's even customizable. Welcome home. Touch ID Using a highly advanced fingerprint sensor that's as fast as ever, Touch ID makes unlocking your iPhone easy and secure. Apple Pay With iPhone, you can pay instantly and securely in stores, in apps, and on the web. And because your card details are never shared by Apple with merchants or stored on your device, using Apple Pay is the safer way to pay. iPhone 7 Camera An entirely new camera enters the picture. camera Optical image stabilization FaceTime HD camera Quad-LED True Tone flash iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. Now we've reengineered that beloved camera, adding optical image stabilization, an ƒ/1.8 aperture, and a six-element lens to make it even better for shooting photos and videos in low light. And with advanced new features like wide color capture, your photos and Live Photos will look even more vibrant. Optical image stabilization iPhone 7 comes with optical image stabilization to reduce blur associated with motion and handshake. A sensor helps the lens counteract even the tiniest movement, allowing for up to 3x longer exposure compared to iPhone 6s. ƒ/1.8 aperture A larger aperture allows up to 50 percent more light onto the camera sensor than iPhone 6s, further enhancing the camera's ability to take superb low-light photos. Teamed with the new six-element lens, the camera will deliver brighter, more detailed shots. Quad-LED True Tone flash Four smart LEDs flash 50 percent brighter than iPhone 6s. The flash adjusts according to the color temperature of the environment, resulting in sharper, more brightly lit photos. Each photo is the original taken with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus — without filters, adjustments, or retouching. Imagine what you can do with the powerful editing tools built into your iPhone. Now your movies are just like the movies. Videos shot in darker settings with iPhone 7 will look remarkably better, enhanced by optical image stabilization and the all-new ƒ/1.8 aperture. And the 12MP camera captures high-resolution video up to 4K. So you can shoot epic movies of epic moments, even if they're happening in low light. Optical image stabilization With a longer exposure, optical image stabilization reduces motion blur in your footage. An ƒ/1.8 aperture helps you film even better low-light videos, too. 4K video iPhone 7 lets you shoot in 4K resolution — with over 8 million pixels. And you can edit your video in iMovie, then share it instantly. Slo-mo video Make your favorite moments last even longer. iPhone 7 offers slo-mo support in 1080p and 720p HD. Time-lapse video Capture footage at dynamically selected intervals to create a time-lapse video that's quick and easy to share. New 7MP front-facing camera. Love your selfie. The FaceTime HD camera is not only higher resolution, but it also uses wide color capture. So now you can take sharper and more vibrant selfies. Worried about lighting? The Retina Flash matches the ambient light for a shot with natural-looking skin tones. Hello, gorgeous. More brains behind the camera. Smarter ISP. Why is the camera on iPhone 7 so advanced? It has an improved Apple-designed image signal processor built into the A10 Fusion chip. When you take a photo or video, the ISP powers over 100 billion operations and even uses machine learning to make your images look amazing. Other improvements include faster focus and improved local tone mapping and white balance. Photos for iOS. Bringing all your memories into focus. You've never experienced your photos quite like this. The Photos app offers tools that let you find, share, and remaster your photos in entirely new ways. And the Memories feature uses advanced search technology to sort your photos into albums and movies for you to enjoy — without putting in any work. iPhone 7 Plus Camera Two cameras that shoot as one. Wide-angle and telephoto cameras Optical zoom at 2x Digital zoom up to 10x iPhone 7 Plus doesn't have just one entirely new camera system — it has two. The same 12MP wide-angle camera that's on iPhone 7 works with a 12MP telephoto camera that can get even closer. That means you can get higher-quality zoom from farther away. And with an all-new depth-of-field effect (coming soon), portrait shots will look better than ever. Say hello to the world's best photo op. Zoom into the future. Thanks to the dual-camera system and breakthrough ISP technology on iPhone 7 Plus, you can now get supersharp close-up photos and videos with optical zoom at 2x. And you can get even closer with improved digital zoom that lets you shoot at up to 10x for photos and 6x for video. Each photo is the original taken with the iPhone 7 Plus telephoto camera. The advanced dual-camera system delivers higher-quality photos with optical zoom at 2x — so you can get even closer to your subject from farther away. Coming soon Depth-of-field effect. Depth of field allows you to keep faces sharp while creating a blurred effect in the background. When you take a shot with iPhone 7 Plus, the dual-camera system uses both cameras and advanced machine learning to make your subject sharp while creating the same out-of-focus blur in the background — known as the bokeh effect — previously reserved for DSLR cameras. So no matter what's behind your subject, it's easy to create a great portrait. Retina HD Display The brightest, most colorful iPhone display yet. Wide color gamut brighter 3D Touch Almost everything you experience with your iPhone comes to life on its display. It's where you look at the photos, messages, news, and countless other things that make up your day. The iPhone 7 display uses the same color space as the digital cinema industry, so what you see will be noticeably more brilliant and vibrant. Because we all deserve a bit more brightness in our day. More colors. More true to life. With a new wide color gamut, the Retina HD display is able to deliver cinema-standard colors — and the best color management in the smartphone industry. More shades of the color spectrum can be used to create an image, meaning that what you see on the screen is a truer representation of the world. So whether you're checking out photos of that perfect dress or Live Photos you took in the tropics, the colors will be so accurate, it will look like you're there. iPhone 7 4.7" Retina HD display with wide color and 3D Touch 1334 × 750 resolution iPhone 7 Plus 5.5" Retina HD display with wide color and 3D Touch 1920 × 1080 resolution 3D Touch. Now even handier. When you use 3D Touch, your iPhone responds with subtle taps. So not only will you see what a press can do — you'll feel it. The new Retina HD display on iPhone 7 deeply integrates 3D Touch throughout iOS. Now you can interact with Messages, Calendar, Mail, and other apps in a more powerful, more responsive way. A10 Fusion Chip The most powerful chip ever in a smartphone. faster than iPhone 6 Longest battery life ever in an iPhone iPhone 7 is supercharged by the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone. It's not just faster than any previous iPhone — it's also more efficient. That's because the A10 Fusion chip uses an all-new architecture that enables faster processing when you need it, and the ability to use even less power when you don't. And with the longest battery life ever in an iPhone, you can work at twice the speed of iPhone 6 and still enjoy more time between charges. Faster and more efficient. With an all-new four-core design, the A10 Fusion chip's CPU has two high-performance cores and two high-efficiency cores. The high-performance cores can run at up to 2x the speed of iPhone 6, while the high-efficiency cores are capable of running at just one-fifth the power of the high-performance cores. That means you get the best performance and efficiency when you need it. Longest battery life ever in an iPhone. With the A10 Fusion chip, this year you'll get more time between charges than ever before. Take advantage of up to two more hours on iPhone 7 and up to one more hour on iPhone 7 Plus than the previous generation. Double the capacity up to 256GB. iPhone 7 doubles the capacity of iPhone 6s across the line to 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB. So bring on the apps. Bring on the videos. iPhone 7 can take it. Literally. Audio iPhone. Now in stereo. New stereo speaker system louder than iPhone 6s EarPods with Lightning Connector Introducing AirPods For the first time, iPhone comes with stereo speakers, delivering two times the audio output of iPhone 6s and increased dynamic range. So whether you're listening to music, watching videos, or making speakerphone calls, iPhone 7 lets you crank it up. Way, way up. EarPods. With a Lightning connector. iPhone 7 comes with EarPods that have a Lightning connector. But if you still want to listen through your old headphones, you can plug them in using a 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter, also included. Available late October Introducing AirPods. The new AirPods offer a game-changing listening experience. Designed with a huge amount of forward-thinking technology inside a tiny device, these wireless headphones combine crystal clear sound with a new sense of freedom. Wi-Fi and Cellular Faster LTE with the best worldwide roaming. 3x faster LTE than iPhone 6 Up to 25 bands Answer WhatsApp and other third-party callsConnector iPhone 7 features LTE Advanced, with speeds up to 450 Mbps for data downloads — over 50 percent faster than iPhone 6s and three times faster than iPhone 6. And thanks to even more LTE bands, you'll have the best worldwide roaming available in a smartphone. Happy travels. Crystal clear VoLTE and Wi-Fi calls. iPhone 7 supports Voice over LTE — high-quality wideband calls that make your conversations sound as crisp and clear as if you were face to face. When you're unable to get cellular service, Wi-Fi calling provides an easy way to make and receive calls over a Wi-Fi connection. And now both are supported on even more carriers around the world. Answer calls on apps like Facebook Messenger and more. No matter where your call comes from, iPhone 7 can answer it just like a regular call. You can even access your contacts and use call waiting. Software iOS 10. It's why there's nothing else like an iPhone. AirPods Wireless. Effortless. Magical. Learn more about the Apple iPhone 7 Model| Brand Apple Model iPhone 7 Part Number iPhone 7 256GB Gold Network| Technology 4G LTE Data transfer GPRS, EDGE, HSDPA, LTE, Wi-Fi Design| Form Factor Smart Phones Color Gold SIM Card Type Nano SIM Sensors Touch ID fingerprint sensor Barometer Three-axis gyro Accelerometer Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor Audio Connectors EarPods with Lightning Connector Display| Touch Screen Capacitive touchscreen Main Display Size 4.7" Main Display Resolution 750 x 1334 Pixel Density 326 ppi Main Display Color 16M Main Display Format LED-backlit IPS LCD Camera| Rear Camera 12.0 MP Camera Zoom Digital zoom up to 5x Flash Quad-LED True Tone flash HD Video Capture 2160p Auto Focus Yes Front-Facing Camera 7 MP Configuration| Operating System iOS 10 System Chip A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture Embedded M10 motion coprocessor Processor Core Quad-Core RAM 2GB Built-in Storage 256GB Connectivity| Wi-Fi Support 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi with MIMO WiFi Yes USB v2.0, reversible connector Bluetooth Support Bluetooth v4.2 Other Connection NFC Battery| Battery Type Non-removable Li-Ion Battery Talk Time Up to 14 hour(s) on 3G Standby Time Up to 10 day(s) Operating Time Internet use: Up to 12 hour(s) on 3G Up to 12 hour(s) on LTE Up to 14 hour(s) on Wi-Fi Wireless video playback: Up to 13 hour(s) Wireless audio playback: Up to 40 hour(s) Software| GPS Integrated Assisted GPS and GLONASS Software & App Camera Photos Health Messages Phone FaceTime Mail Music Wallet Safari Maps Siri Calendar iTunes Store App Store Notes News Contacts iBooks Home Weather Reminders Clock Videos Stocks Calculator Voice Memos Compass Podcasts Watch Tips iCloud Drive Find My iPhone Find My Friends Settings Audio Audio formats supported: AAC (8 to 320 Kbps), Protected AAC (from iTunes Store), HE-AAC, MP3 (8 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 2, 3, 4, Audible Enhanced Audio, AAX, and AAX+), Apple Lossless, AIFF, and WAV User-configurable maximum volume limit Message iMessage, SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email Additional Function Wi-Fi/GPS/NFC Specification| Specifications 65.6% screen-to-body ratio IP67 certified - dust and water resistant Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes Apple Pay (Visa, MasterCard, AMEX certified) Ion-strengthened glass, oleophobic coating Wide color gamut display 3D Touch display & home button Display Zoom Geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR (photo/panorama) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 3.5 mm to lightning headphone adapter incl. Siri natural language commands and dictation iCloud cloud service Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (H x W x D) 5.44" x 2.64" x 0.28" Weight 4.87 oz. Package Contents| Package Contents iPhone with iOS 10 EarPods with Lightning Connector Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter Lightning to USB Cable USB Power Adapter Documentation Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 30 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 30 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.apple.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-275-2273 Support Website| View other products from Apple Return Policies Return for refund within: non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Non-Contract Cell Phone Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is Apple Inc. on the Verge of Cracking This Fast-Growing Market? The company's terrific growth in this country will receive a boost after setting up local manufacturing operations. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Feb 8, 2017 at 2:29PM Image source: Apple. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is growing at a fast pace in India. The company sold 2.5 million iPhones in the South Asian country in 2016, an increase of almost 39% from estimated sales of 1.8 million units the year before. Despite this impressive growth, India remains just a small part of Apple's overall business. When compared to estimated global iPhone sales of around 234 million units for 2016, India makes up just over 1% of that volume. This does not paint a very nice picture for the company in a smartphone market that's currently growing at 18% compared to the global average of just 3%. The reason for Apple's underperformance in India is quite simple -- high prices in a country with low per capita income. Consider this: India's GDP per capita in 2015 stood at $1,750, while the price of the cheapest iPhone 7 in India is around $840 on Amazon at current exchange rates. However, recent sales trends in India clearly indicate that the company is gaining traction among the big-ticket smartphone buyers in the country. Counterpoint Research reports that Apple currently commands 62% of the premium smartphone market (phones costing more than $450) in the country, indicating that it is the preferred brand for this group. Apple's reputation as a premium brand will be a tailwind in the long run as India's GDP per capita is expected to rise to $3,500 in 2020, according to Trading Economics. What's more, Apple's recent negotiations with the Indian government regarding the manufacturing of iPhones in the country indicate that it is looking to make the most of the growing spending power of Indian consumers. Plans for India get a boost The Indian government is currently engaged in a campaign, known as "Make in India", to encourage domestic manufacturing of goods by inviting multi-national companies to set up shop in the country. Apple is looking to take advantage of this campaign and has proposed building a local manufacturing plant in Bengaluru. Bengaluru (aka Bangalore) in India. Image source: Getty Images. Apple executives, led by the Global Vice-President of iPhone operations Priya Balasubramanian, met a group of ministers on Jan. 25 to discuss the company's roadmap in the country. Both parties discussed building a local manufacturing unit, while Apple also put forward a list of concessions that it would need from the government. The Wall Street Journal reported that an official with direct knowledge of the meeting indicated that the deal between the government and Apple is almost done. This means that Apple will gain customs duty exemption on the import of equipment and components for a period of 15 years. More importantly, Apple's deal with the Indian government could lead to the opening of company-owned stores in the country. In order to set up single-brand retail stores in India, the government requires foreign companies to source 30% of their manufacturing from local sources. Apple has requested relaxation on this front, and if the deal closes, then it will soon be able to set up its own stores in the country as well. Apple has reportedly taken steps to set up a manufacturing unit in India already by selecting Wistron as its iPhone manufacturer for the Indian market. The Taiwanese company is said to be currently expanding its smartphone manufacturing capacity in Bengaluru, according to the Times of India. In January, an Indian government official said that Wistron has requested rapid resolution to its request of expanding manufacturing operations in Bengaluru. This indicates that it is looking to meet the April target of beginning iPhone manufacturing operations in the country. Apple has also lined up Foxconn to meet any surge in the demand. Foxconn already has a plant in southern India, where it has doubled its manufacturing capacity in just a year. Foxconn has already pledged to set up another facility in the country with an investment of $5 billion. These moves to expand capacity among Apple's manufacturing partners indicate that they are preparing for a boost in iPhone production in India. Lower iPhone prices and improving GDP will boost sales Once Apple sets up its manufacturing base in India, it will be able to lower the price of its phones due to import tax exemptions. Without the 12.5% import tax, Apple could shave almost $100 from the price of an iPhone 7 in India. This will make Apple more competitive in the premium smartphone segment as it can grab market share from the likes of Samsung by offering better prices. This should help Apple achieve its target of selling seven million iPhones in the country by 2018. Lower iPhone pricing will also allow Apple to benefit from India's expanding smartphone market. Euromonitor International forecasts that smartphone sales there will hit the 200 million unit mark by 2020, as compared to estimated sales of just 102.4 million units in 2016. Paired with the growing spending power of Indian shoppers, Apple can make significant strides in the country due to its leading position in this segment. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Read More Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is Apple Inc. on the Verge of Cracking This Fast-Growing Market? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 8, 2017 at 8:09pm by iClarified · 8183 views · Translate Apple's new redesigned 10th anniversary iPhone will likely cost over $1000, according to a new report from Fast Company. A special 10th-anniversary edition of the iPhone is expected to be the ultimate iPhone, and it’ll come with a price tag to match—very likely north of $1,000, says a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans. The site notes that the price tag isn't surprising since a 256GB iPhone 7 Plus already costs $969 and the new iPhone 8 is expected to have significantly more features. Sources say the iPhone will feature a 5.8-inch OLED display that stretches across the whole front of the phone. It will also likely get a memory upgrade. Rather than being called the iPhone 8 some believe the device will get a cooler name, such as the 'iPhone X'. The new phone will look something like a smooth black monolith, with few visual interruptions to its sleek design. (It’s not hard to imagine the promo video: The mysterious black monolith floats slowly through space—a single letter "X" above it.) Apple is expected to launch an iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus alongside the new model. Those devices will likely feature minor updates and keep the existing design of the iPhone 7. The 'iPhone X' is said to have a dual-lens camera and sides made out of forged stainless steel. The back is expected to be glass rather than metal. As rumored, Apple is working on removing the physical Home button and relocating it beneath the display surface. The site's source says the technology is still 'evolving'; however, Apple is pushing hard to get it into the new iPhone. There is even a chance that the physical buttons on the sides of the iPhone could disappear and be replaced with touch sensitive inlays in the metal. Our source says Apple has been working with Lumentum (formed when JDS Uniphase split in 2014) on 3D-sensing technology for the new high-end phone. It remains unclear how the technology will be applied, however. It could be used to recognize the user’s face for authentication. It could also be used in the camera to provide better image resolution. It could even be used in some form of augmented reality application, according to our source. Both Qualcomm and Intel are believed to be supplying modems for the device. Rumors of an accelerated manufacturing schedule are false, says the source. Rather, it's likely a test manufacturing run which can be up to 100,000 iPhones. It's still quite a while until Apple's expected unveiling of the new iPhone in September so features could change. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (13) Add Comment Marketing student. - February 9, 2017 at 7:18am No way. This news is just full of bull. Ain't gonna happen that there will be iPhone 7s and then iPhone X at the same time. Marketing suicide. Nope, ain't gonna happen. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam JustExP - February 9, 2017 at 7:13am Galaxy phones have had OLED for years. iPhone is so far behind, but somehow magically claims to have "never before" features. And Siri sucks! Everything out there, even Microsoft's version is better than Siri! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam D4xM4Nx - February 9, 2017 at 7:11am This for Apple: Make sure to rewrite what a smartphone is, blow the competition away and our collective imagination. For one, go back to the days when Steve Jobs and his revolutionary vision changed the world forever. I'm a fan! Don't push me away with your poor decisions. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Kk - February 9, 2017 at 9:08am You are totally right! Steve made Apple from his heart. And now these clowns are ruining Apple. I was always an Apple fan when Steve was around. Now I just feel they are making products just for the $$$$.. the iphone 6s will be my last iphone. I dont want to stay around and see Apple going down.. it just hurts. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Monica Lewinski - February 9, 2017 at 3:11am Google as a company already overtakes Apple Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 8 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The 6 best new features of Android Wear 2.0 Mike Wehner BGR NewsFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Smartwatches have had a rough go of it in their relatively short lives thus far. Sure, the Apple Watch sold well enough that people don’t consider it a total disaster, and enough Android Wear watches are floating around that it seems like at least a few people care, but they’ve hardly been the runaway success that some thought they would be. Always ready for a challenge, Google is doing its best to reinvent its smartwatch platform with the Android Wear 2.0 update, which is finally rolling out after being teased and tested for months. Here’s why it’s a big deal, even if you don’t own a smartwatch (yet). It’s faster than ever Okay, so this is an obvious one, but Android Wear 2.0 makes navigating the interface and launching apps much quicker than it’s been in the past. It still won’t rival your smartphone in terms of boot-up time — that can still take a while, unfortunately — but on-the-go interactions with the watch are now noticeably less bogged down with waiting screens and loading bars. Google Assistant Google Assistant is one of the slickest AI assistants around, so having it on your wrist is pretty much ideal. It works via the same “Ok Google” voice command as it does elsewhere, and can create lists, calendar notifications, and grab directions without having to tap through any menus. Revamped complications Apple Watch devotees blew their collective lids when Apple showed off customizable complications for the first time, and for good reason: Having more information that you actually use on the watch face is never a bad thing. Android Wear 2.0 lets users customize their primary watch screens with calendar alerts, alarms, pedometer data, weather, and other information that requires much less digging than it ever has before. Better messaging Replying to a message without having to take your phone out of your pocket is a pretty huge benefit of owning a smartwatch, but Android Wear’s first attempt at replies was pretty lackluster. In 2.0, replies are both quicker to compose and faster to send thanks to built-in reply buttons for Android Wear-compatible apps, and Google’s handy Smart Reply feature that auto generates possibly replies for you to choose from. Smarter fit For anyone coming to an Android smartwatch from a dedicated fitness band, Google Fit was often lacking smarts. 2.0 sees Fit get a big upgrade. There’s now third party app sharing so that your favorite Android fitness app can play nice with your workout data, and the app is now smarter about knowing when you’ve started working out and when you stop, and has a much better sensor algorithm for figuring out the kind of exercise you’re actually doing, without being told. You don’t need your phone The dream of all smartwatch fans is to eventually have a device that doesn’t even need to be connected to a phone in order to do everything you need it to. Android Wear 2.0 lays the groundwork for that future with support for WiFi and LTE. However, since almost all current Android smartwatches don’t have LTE capabilities — LG’s new Watch Sport is leading the charge in this regard — taking advantage of this feature requires that you invest in an entirely new watch. Still, it’s a promising sign of things to come. Trending right now: Samsung is making one last push to clear Galaxy S7 inventory ahead of Galaxy S8 launch It looks like Google just fixed one of the Pixel’s biggest problems This iPhone 8 concept running iOS 11 is the stuff dreams are made of See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Qualcomm Stock Slumped 18% in January The company was charged by the FTC for anti-competitive tactics and sued by Apple days later. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Feb 8, 2017 at 3:50PM What happened Shares of mobile chip giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) tumbled 18.3% in January, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence. A one-two punch of legal actions was the culprit, with the Federal Trade Commission charging the company with anti-competitive practices and Apple suing over patent royalty issues. So what On Jan. 17, the FTC filed a complaint in federal district court charging Qualcomm with anti-competitive behavior. The FTC is accusing Qualcomm of using its dominant position as a supplier of baseband processors to extract onerous supply and licensing terms from phone manufacturers. Image source: Qualcomm. The FTC alleged that Qualcomm uses a "no license, no chips" policy which withholds chips from phone manufacturers if they fail to agree with Qualcomm's license terms. The FTC believes this is effectively an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals' chips. Qualcomm is also accused of refusing to license standard-essential patents. Apple sued Qualcomm three days later, followed by another lawsuit in China. The iPhone giant accused Qualcomm of charging royalties for technologies that it had nothing to do with, effectively raising the cost of new features. According to Apple, it pays Qualcomm five times more in royalties than all other cellular patent licensors combined. Apple also accused Qualcomm of withholding $1 billion in payments in retaliation for cooperating with law enforcement agencies. Now what Qualcomm has disputed the FTC complaint and called the Apple lawsuit baseless, but any threat to Qualcomm's lucrative licensing business should be taken seriously by investors. During Qualcomm's first quarter, the licensing business generated $1.52 billion of pre-tax profit, compared to just $724 million for the chip business. How these lawsuits turn out is anyone's guess, and it will likely take quite a while for decisions to be made. It's also unclear whether these suits will affect Qualcomm's acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, which is scheduled to close before the end of the year. Investors pushed down the stock in January to account for these added risks, erasing a good portion of last year's gains. Timothy Green owns shares of NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 3:50PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.00 up $1.12 (2.12%) Read More Qualcomm's Earnings Call Dominated By Apple Lawsuit Why Isn't Qualcomm's Pain Intel's Gain? 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 NXP Semiconductors, NV Is Building Car-Chip Markets in China Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Qualcomm Stock Slumped 18% in January @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is Apple Inc. on the Verge of Cracking This Fast-Growing Market? The company's terrific growth in this country will receive a boost after setting up local manufacturing operations. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Feb 8, 2017 at 2:29PM Image source: Apple. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is growing at a fast pace in India. The company sold 2.5 million iPhones in the South Asian country in 2016, an increase of almost 39% from estimated sales of 1.8 million units the year before. Despite this impressive growth, India remains just a small part of Apple's overall business. When compared to estimated global iPhone sales of around 234 million units for 2016, India makes up just over 1% of that volume. This does not paint a very nice picture for the company in a smartphone market that's currently growing at 18% compared to the global average of just 3%. The reason for Apple's underperformance in India is quite simple -- high prices in a country with low per capita income. Consider this: India's GDP per capita in 2015 stood at $1,750, while the price of the cheapest iPhone 7 in India is around $840 on Amazon at current exchange rates. However, recent sales trends in India clearly indicate that the company is gaining traction among the big-ticket smartphone buyers in the country. Counterpoint Research reports that Apple currently commands 62% of the premium smartphone market (phones costing more than $450) in the country, indicating that it is the preferred brand for this group. Apple's reputation as a premium brand will be a tailwind in the long run as India's GDP per capita is expected to rise to $3,500 in 2020, according to Trading Economics. What's more, Apple's recent negotiations with the Indian government regarding the manufacturing of iPhones in the country indicate that it is looking to make the most of the growing spending power of Indian consumers. Plans for India get a boost The Indian government is currently engaged in a campaign, known as "Make in India", to encourage domestic manufacturing of goods by inviting multi-national companies to set up shop in the country. Apple is looking to take advantage of this campaign and has proposed building a local manufacturing plant in Bengaluru. Bengaluru (aka Bangalore) in India. Image source: Getty Images. Apple executives, led by the Global Vice-President of iPhone operations Priya Balasubramanian, met a group of ministers on Jan. 25 to discuss the company's roadmap in the country. Both parties discussed building a local manufacturing unit, while Apple also put forward a list of concessions that it would need from the government. The Wall Street Journal reported that an official with direct knowledge of the meeting indicated that the deal between the government and Apple is almost done. This means that Apple will gain customs duty exemption on the import of equipment and components for a period of 15 years. More importantly, Apple's deal with the Indian government could lead to the opening of company-owned stores in the country. In order to set up single-brand retail stores in India, the government requires foreign companies to source 30% of their manufacturing from local sources. Apple has requested relaxation on this front, and if the deal closes, then it will soon be able to set up its own stores in the country as well. Apple has reportedly taken steps to set up a manufacturing unit in India already by selecting Wistron as its iPhone manufacturer for the Indian market. The Taiwanese company is said to be currently expanding its smartphone manufacturing capacity in Bengaluru, according to the Times of India. In January, an Indian government official said that Wistron has requested rapid resolution to its request of expanding manufacturing operations in Bengaluru. This indicates that it is looking to meet the April target of beginning iPhone manufacturing operations in the country. Apple has also lined up Foxconn to meet any surge in the demand. Foxconn already has a plant in southern India, where it has doubled its manufacturing capacity in just a year. Foxconn has already pledged to set up another facility in the country with an investment of $5 billion. These moves to expand capacity among Apple's manufacturing partners indicate that they are preparing for a boost in iPhone production in India. Lower iPhone prices and improving GDP will boost sales Once Apple sets up its manufacturing base in India, it will be able to lower the price of its phones due to import tax exemptions. Without the 12.5% import tax, Apple could shave almost $100 from the price of an iPhone 7 in India. This will make Apple more competitive in the premium smartphone segment as it can grab market share from the likes of Samsung by offering better prices. This should help Apple achieve its target of selling seven million iPhones in the country by 2018. Lower iPhone pricing will also allow Apple to benefit from India's expanding smartphone market. Euromonitor International forecasts that smartphone sales there will hit the 200 million unit mark by 2020, as compared to estimated sales of just 102.4 million units in 2016. Paired with the growing spending power of Indian shoppers, Apple can make significant strides in the country due to its leading position in this segment. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Read More Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is Apple Inc. on the Verge of Cracking This Fast-Growing Market? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple A $1,000 iPhone 8 would be Apple’s most courageous move yet Chris Mills BGR NewsFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By now, we have a fairly good idea that Apple is going to be releasing one hell of a phone come September. Leaks have shown a completely redesigned handset, with no bezels and quite possibly no home button. It’s a fitting 10th birthday present for Jony Ive’s baby, but unfortunately, it might come with a price tag to match. According to a report in Fast Company, the iPhone 8 will cost upwards of $1,000. In technical terms: ouch. Don't Miss: It looks like Google just fixed one of the Pixel’s biggest problems FastCo cites “a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans” as saying the pricetag will be somewhere north of $1,000. That’s well above the traditional $650 pricetag for a flagship phone, although not unprecedented. The most expensive iPhone 7 Plus costs $1,000 with tax, and has many of the same features we’re expecting to see in the iPhone 8, like a dual-camera system. But still, with the iPhone 7 Plus, we’re talking about the top-end version of Apple’s most expensive phone. If the entry price of the iPhone 8 is above $1,000, that implies that a version with extra storage will come in a couple hundred more than that, which means you’re starting to spend more on an iPhone than you would on a MacBook. Still, given that Apple was sold out of the iPhone 7 Plus for three months following launch, it might have decided that it’s time to test the upper end of the phone market. Reports have suggested that we will see some kind of upgraded iPhone 7s model launch alongside the iPhone 8, so it would make sense for Apple to keep traditional phone pricing for the iPhone 7s, and see just how much money it can bleed from the iPhone 8. There’s also the (rather valid) argument that creating a groundbreaking new device will cost serious money. Curved, no-bezel OLED screens — what the iPhone 8 is rumored to use — don’t come cheap, and neither do dual-camera modules, or a fingerprint sensor that works from behind a touchscreen. If Apple wants to build a phone that challenges Samsung on the innovation front, while keeping those record-breaking profits, raising prices might be the only option. The FastCo report also touches on some other rumors that we’ve heard swirling around: the iPhone 8 will try and eliminate all physical buttons, replacing the Home button with a fingerprint sensor under the screen, and the lock and volume buttons with touch-sensitive areas along the sides. Those sides, by the way, will be made from forged stainless steel rather than the current aluminum. Trending right now: Samsung is making one last push to clear Galaxy S7 inventory ahead of Galaxy S8 launch It looks like Google just fixed one of the Pixel’s biggest problems This iPhone 8 concept running iOS 11 is the stuff dreams are made of See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Wednesday, February 8, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Ultra Accessory Connector Jordan Kahn (MacRumors, iMore, ArsTechnica): Apple is planning to adopt a new connector type for accessories for iPhone, iPad and other Apple devices through its official Made-for-iPhone (MFi) licensing program. Dubbed the “Ultra Accessory Connector” (UAC), Apple has recently launched a developer preview of the new connector type to prepare manufacturing partners for the component that in some cases will replace the use of Lightning and USB connectors, according to sources familiar with the program. Measuring in at 2.05mm by 4.85mm at the tip, the 8-pin connector is slightly less thick than USB-C, and near half as wide as both USB-C and Lightning. The space-saving connector is similar in shape to ultra mini USB connectors on the market that are often bundled as proprietary cables with accessories such as Nikon cameras (like the one pictured below). Vlad Savov (via Dan Frakes): People familiar with Apple’s plans tell us that the company has no intention to replace Lightning or install this as a new jack on iPhones or iPads. Instead, UAC will be used as an intermediary in headphone cables. At present, a pair of Lightning headphones can’t be made cross-compatible with USB-C devices, and equally, USB-C headphones only work with USB-C audio sources. But if you insert UAC in the middle, you’ll be able to swap between Lightning-to-UAC and USB-C-to-UAC cables with the same pair of headphones, allowing you (admittedly with the help of a couple more dongles) to switch between the various connectors on the fly. UAC will make it possible for your headphones’ firmware to adjust on the fly, recognizing whether it’s receiving audio from a Lightning or USB-C connection and playing it back appropriately. Audio Cable iOS Lightning Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) USB-C 3 Comments 3 Comments VS February 8, 2017 4:16 PM The Ars Technica líní explains what is actually going on. John February 9, 2017 3:55 AM Hmmm, why not just have a Lightening to USB-C adaptor and let the industry standardise on USB-C headphones? Seems daft adding UAC as a man-in-the-middle. "UAC will make it possible for your headphones’ firmware to adjust on the fly, recognizing whether it’s receiving audio from a Lightning or USB-C connection and playing it back appropriately." Surely that's the job of the dongle and not the job of the connector (UAC)? Lukas February 9, 2017 4:38 PM > Hmmm, why not just have a Lightening to USB-C adaptor and let the > industry standardise on USB-C headphones? Can't have the competition have plain cables, while Apple needs a dongle! If Apple needs a dongle, everybody must have a dongle! Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Apple needs to cross one last hurdle if it wants to make iPhones in India Getting an exemption for import duties on components may prove to be harder than it envisioned now that India is migrating to a different tax regime called the GST. By Rajiv Rao for New Tech for Old India | February 8, 2017 -- 18:11 GMT (10:11 PST) | Topic: Apple At that point, no one in their right mind thought that Apple would actually think of decamping for Indian shores. CNET/CBS Interactive A few days ago, there was a lot of attention given to the revelation, which an Indian minister from the southern state of Karnataka tweeted, that Apple would soon start manufacturing the iPhone at a location (owned by Apple partner Wistron) in the state's biggest city often referred to as the Silicon Valley of India, Bangalore (also called Bengaluru). The first 10 jobs that will be automated by AI and robots Advances in automation and robotics are putting a lot of jobs at risk. Here are ten jobs first in line for the robot takeover. Read More This news was predictably received with joy and pride by Indians and government ministers who have longed to see the country climb the manufacturing value chain and rival their far more accomplished neighbor China. There is no better marker that they have begun to do so than a decision by the most premium phone maker in the world to begin using India as a manufacturing base. However, it now seems that this disclosure may turn out to be premature. A few days ago, India's revenue secretary dropped this bombshell: "There is no way we can give individual exemptions under GST regime," revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia told ET. "All of them (CVD exemptions) will go." What Adhia is referring to is the not-so-small matter of Countervailing Duties or CVDs -- an import duty levied on electronic components shipped in to the country that especially affects smartphone makers. Components used in mobile phones had been exempted from this kind of levy under the WTO Information Technology Agreement (amounting to 12.5 percent of the good) for the past several years -- until last year, when the country ordained bringing back three items from the list to be charged accordingly in order to bolster the fortunes of local manufacturing under its 'Make in India' initiative. At that point, no one in their right mind thought that Apple would actually think of decamping for Indian shores. Therefore, the pressing agenda was to try and boost the fortunes or domestic manufacturers as much as possible, a decision that they are probably now ruing. Fact is, component and labour costs have increased to such an extent in China that its neighbor is increasingly becoming more attractive despite India's infrastructure deficiencies. In fact, as I mentioned in this previous story, Apple is not the only one inspired to move here. At least half-a-dozen Chinese phone manufacturers have already opted for India as a manufacturing base that spins out phones for the Indian market, something that has also helped propel them to corner over 50 percent of the domestic market at the expense of Indian companies like Micromax, Lava and Korean giant Samsung. The problem regarding "exemptions" that revenue secretary Adhia is referring to in his above statement is the fact that India is quickly migrating to a new tax regime in the upcoming financial year -- specifically called a "Goods and Services Tax (GST)". It is an all-encompassing levy that does away with the dizzying array of ones at the state and central level that have existed till now. In other words, the GST will now subsume all other taxes and duties including the CVD. Here's where the nub of the issue lies: In the past, the central government would have been able to give Apple a 15-year exemption on this duty -- something that the US company has said that they will absolutely have to be given in order to manufacture here, and which the company is not flexible about. "They want predictability and certainty in tax regime as any mid-term tax shock can topple all their financial calculations," said one official in explaining Apple's conditionality. This is compounded by the fact that the company's component manufacturers are not as yet willing to set up shop in the country. Yet, almost overnight, that exemption is not the central government's to give. The new body responsible for determining who gets what exemptions, if at all any, is the GST Council (comprised of the finance ministers of all of the Indian states and headed by the country's finance minister), and they have currently appointed a host of central and state government officials to investigate and decide which goods deserve an exemption and which don't. The problem here is that if Apple gets an exemption, you can bet your bottom Rupee (or in this case Renminbi) that every other smartphone maker that is now a "low-cost" one will be clamouring for the same exemption. The Center meanwhile will have to do a lot of arm-twisting to the various state ministers to provide this exemption on grounds that it is in the best interests of the country. "No Ministry has taken a final view on the submissions made by Apple. We are in touch with them (the Ministries). If the government decides to listen to particular demands, it would be for the good of the entire sector and the measures will be extended to all and not just the company (Apple)," said Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion Secretary Ramesh Abhishek at a news conference on Monday. The company has also asked for easing of conditions that have to do with labeling as well as the mandatory domestic sourcing norm for one-third of inputs used, which was denied to them last year. No doubt its competitors will be watching action on these fronts keenly. There is one trump card that the central government could play: Today, electronic manufacturers receive benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) that was put in place years ago to attract foreign investment in the electronics sector. The scheme provides capital subsidy and reimbursements for things like CVD and excise on capital equipment to boost manufacturing of electronics in the country. There is some talk that in a last-ditch scenario the Central government will make an exception in Apple's case, dubbing it an "advanced technology" product to meet the company's requirements. Until then, it's a waiting game avidly watched by anyone connected to the government and the electronics industry in India -- not to mention Apple. Video: Trump may bring jobs back to the US, but robots will get them Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Apple Apple won't do what's needed to save the iPad Security Privacy 101: How your fingerprint could actually make your iPhone less secure Apple Apple CEO Tim Cook talks tech, skills and Brexit with Theresa May iPhone Your next iPhone could easily cost over $1,000 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 3 minute read Innovation Agents Here's Why Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost More Than $1,000 Apple is intent on packing the top-of-the line phone with new features and wrapping it in fresh design themes. [Photo: courtesy of Apple] More from Innovation Agents Interest In Birth Control Startups Surges In The Trump Era I Was Skeptical Of Android Apps On Chromebooks, But Now I’m All-In This Job Platform Designed By A 26-Year-Old Informs Managers Of Their Bias Is It Time For Investors To Tie Executive Compensation To Diversity Goals? Mark Sullivan 02.08.17 1:30 PM A special 10th-anniversary edition of the iPhone is expected to be the ultimate iPhone, and it’ll come with a price tag to match—very likely north of $1,000, says a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans. The price tag isn’t very surprising considering that the 256GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus sells for $969, and the new iPhone 8 is expected to be packed with many more features—including a new OLED display, which is said to look great and stretch across the whole front of the phone, according to our source, but will probably cost Apple roughly twice as much as the LCD display used in current iPhones. The new phone is also likely to get a memory upgrade from the current iPhone 7 line and, our source points out, memory is relatively expensive now due to the strong dollar. The new 5.8-inch phone will probably be called the iPhone 8, but some believe Apple will call it the (far cooler-sounding) "iPhone X." The new phone will look something like a smooth black monolith, with few visual interruptions to its sleek design. (It’s not hard to imagine the promo video: The mysterious black monolith floats slowly through space—a single letter "X" above it.) Along with the 5.8-inch iPhone 8, Apple is expected to release a 4.7-inch model (likely called iPhone 7s) and a 5.5-inch model (likely called iPhone 7s Plus), according to reports confirmed by our source. Only the iPhone 8 is likely to have an OLED screen, the others with LCD displays as KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Quo wrote in November. Several sources tell Fast Company that Apple has been tying up much of the available OLED display manufacturing capacity in the marketplace at the expense of smaller phone makers. That marketplace is very small. Only Samsung and a couple of Asian upstarts make the OLED displays, our source says, and only Samsung’s displays meet Apple’s quality requirements. The 5.5-inch iPhone and the 5.8-inch iPhone are expected to each have dual-lens cameras, like the iPhone 7 Plus before them. As rumored, the sides of the iPhone 8 will likely be made of forged stainless steel, a less expensive material than the aluminum used in current iPhones. The back of the iPhone 8 is expected to be made of glass rather than metal, our source says, confirming previous reports. Apple has been working to remove the physical Home button from the iPhone, our source says, relocating it underneath the display surface. It would become a button to touch, not press. Our source says the technology is still "evolving" but that Apple is likely pushing hard to get the new Home button into the iPhone 8, which it hopes will be the most feature-rich iPhone ever. There’s even a chance that the physical buttons on the sides of the iPhone may go away, our source says, replaced by touch-sensitive inlays in the metal. Our source says Apple has been working with Lumentum (formed when JDS Uniphase split in 2014) on 3D-sensing technology for the new high-end phone. It remains unclear how the technology will be applied, however. It could be used to recognize the user’s face for authentication. It could also be used in the camera to provide better image resolution. It could even be used in some form of augmented reality application, according to our source. The iPhone 8 is expected to have a far bigger battery than the current iPhone 7 line, but its exact size remains unclear. Intel scored a big win by getting its modem chips inside some of the iPhone 7, and the company’s new 7480 LTE modem will likely go inside some of the new phones as well. Qualcomm is also expected to supply the modems for some of the phones. Apple selected the vendors for the RF technology in January, our source says. But don't believe those recent rumors that Apple is accelerating its manufacturing schedule for this year’s phones, says our source, who has seen no evidence for that among suppliers. At the start of the year, Apple does manufacturing test runs of up to 100,000 iPhones. This can be a burden for suppliers, our source points out, because Apple often demands free parts for the devices in the test runs. Full production of the newest iPhone typically begins in May and hits full stride in August. Apple is expected to announce its new phones in the fall and begin selling them shortly thereafter, as usual. And, as usual, it's worth noting that Apple can change the features and specs in an upcoming phone at any time, even late in the production cycle. So while the above preview describes the iPhone 8 as it likely exists today, some features and specs could change before launch day. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 Report: iPhone 8 to feature Lumentum-sourced 3D sensor, launch above $1,000 this fall despite early production rumors Zac Hall - Feb. 8th 2017 11:52 am PT @apollozac iPhone iPhone 8 iPhone 7S iPhone 8 concept via @VenyaGeskin1 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A new report from Fast Company highlights a few interesting details about this year’s anticipated iPhone release. According to their sources, the price tag for the iPhone 8 could exceed $1,000 which is higher than any option in the current lineup. The report also echoes rumors that the new hardware will feature 3D sensor technology while downplaying talk that the new models could launch earlier this year than expected. A special 10th-anniversary edition of the iPhone is expected to be the ultimate iPhone, and it’ll come with a price tag to match—very likely north of $1,000, says a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans. Apple’s current lineup for the latest generation iPhones today range from $649 to $969 at full price depending on display size and storage capacity. With rumors that Apple could introduce an even more premium tier this year, it’s easy to see how the iPhone could break the $1,000 price point if a 5.8-inch OLED model with upgraded storage is priced above the standard 5.5-inch version. Fast Company says its sources corroborate supply chain reports that 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 7s models will be joined with a 5.8-inch iPhone 8 version, although the naming is not yet clear. The report also echoes rumors that the new design will feature stainless steel edges and a glass back similar to the iPhone 4 in terms of materials, and adds that the physical buttons along the side could be replaced with touch buttons as is expected with the Home button. Somewhat buried in the piece is a detail about the rumored 3D sensor technology that we haven’t seen elsewhere. Fast Company claims that Lumentum may be the supplier for the new technology in Apple’s upcoming iPhone: Our source says Apple has been working with Lumentum (formed when JDS Uniphase split in 2014) on 3D-sensing technology for the new high-end phone. It remains unclear how the technology will be applied, however. It could be used to recognize the user’s face for authentication. It could also be used in the camera to provide better image resolution. It could even be used in some form of augmented reality application, according to our source. As for the modem, the report says Apple will continue to rely on both Qualcomm and Intel despite Apple’s $1 billion legal battle for the former supplier. Finally, Fast Company downplays rumors that new iPhone models could go on sale earlier than usual this year. New iPhones have been released in September since the iPhone 5 in 2012, but a report this week claiming production has already started resulted in several secondary reports suggesting new iPhones could go on sale sooner than the expected fall timeframe. To find everything we currently know about the next major iPhones, catch up on our iPhone 8 guide here. Guides iPhone View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide iPhone 7S View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Games Reviews How To Culture HOMEPAGE News Smartphone Tablet/Laptop/PC Apps Accessories Security Business Games Mobile Games PC Games Xbox Nintendo PS4 Reviews Gadget Review Apps Review Games Review How to Culture TV Shows Movies TAG Oppo, huawei, vivo, Apple, Xiaomi Oppo News: With 784 Million Units Shipped In 2016, Oppo Beats Huawei In Sales For 1st Time 8 February 2017, 5:40 am EST By Vittorio Hernandez Mobile & Apps Huawei is relegated to second place in China's smartphone market as Oppo overtakes it as the top seller of smartphones in the Asian giant in 2016.  ( Android Authority/YouTube ) Oppo phone has grabbed the lead in China’s smartphone market from Huawei. Preliminary data for 2016 of the top five smartphone vendors in the Asian giant say that last year, Oppo shipped 78.4 million smartphones versus 76.6 million for Huawei. It also got a slightly bigger market share at 16.8 percent, while Huawei got 16.4 percent, ZDNet reports. In third place is another Chinese brand, Vivo, which shipped 69.2 million smartphones in 2016 with a market share of 14.8 percent. Apple Share Down To Single Digit In fourth place is Apple which shipped 44.9 million smartphones, but its market share dipped to one digit at 9.6 percent. However, despite the reduced market share of the Cupertino-based tech giant, Chinese vendors such as Oppo, Huawei, Vivo, and Xiaomi did not eat away Apple’s share since most of Apple fans are holding to their current units while waiting for the release of the iPhone 8 in September, IDC explains. In fourth place is Xiaomi which shipped 41.5 million smartphones, accounting for 8.9 percent market share. South Korean tech giant Samsung, which had to recall millions of Galaxy Note 7 phones due to exploding batteries, is no longer in the top 5 and counted in the Others which shipped a total of 156.7 million smartphones, holding 33.5 percent market share. 2017 Trends For 2017, IDC forecasts the top vendors would continue to eat a bigger share of the market. In turn, the smaller brands would start consolidation. This early, 360 halted the roll out of phones under its Dazen and Qiku brands. IDC sees more brands also no longer launching new smartphone brands. The Chinese vendors would continue their international expansion in 2017, led by Huawei. Their key target would be the Indian market. The Chinese would also begin to launch smartphones with curved screens and dual phones.   © 2015 - 2017Mobile & Apps, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Huawei Honor V9 Will Be Unveiled February 21 At The Mobile World Congress LG V20 vs. Huawei Mate 9: Which Has The Best Features & Specs? Apple March 2017 Lineup: iPad Air 3 & iPad Mini 5 Features With The Apple Pencil 2 Samsung's HDR QLED TV: Infused With Quantum-dot Display For Full Color Volume Don't Get Excited With Samsung Galaxy S8's 6.2-Inch Display; Observers Fear Quick Battery Life Join Our Conversation Sign up for our Newsletter Most Popular 1 games ‘Diablo 3’ Rise Of The Necromancer DLC To Retail For $20; Release Date Could Be August 2017? What ‘Reaper Of Souls’ Can Tell Us & What We Know So Far 2 smartphones Apple March 2017 Lineup: iPad Air 3 & iPad Mini 5 Features With The Apple Pencil 2 3 games ‘Pokemon Stars’ Release Date: Nintendo Switch Game Revealed At E3 2017? ‘Pokemon Stars’ To Reignite ‘Game Freak’ Pattern [VIDEO] 4 recommend apps games 'The Sims 4' News: Secret Codes Uncover The Impending Arrival Of Pets Expansion Pack; Addition Of Horses Scrapped? 5 recommend apps games 'Kingdom Hearts 3' PS4, Xbox One: Latest Release Date News, Development Update And New Worlds 6 tablet-laptop-pc Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Coming in April, Kaby Lake, New Surface Pen, and Surface Dial Support Expected 7 xbox 'WWE 2K17' Update: Hall of Fame Showcase Pack Screenshot, New Trailer Released; Latest Patch Hints Final DLC Out Shortly 8 accessories Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves 9 xbox 'Final Fantasy VII' Remake Update: Cloud Strife, Sephiroth Headed To 'Mobius Final Fantasy' [VIDEO]; Official Reveal At MAGIC 2017? 10 games 'Battlefield 1' They Shall Not Pass DLC Will Bring New Weapons, Maps, Game Mode & More Cultures More Cultures ‘Chicago Fire’ Season 5 News: Taylor Kinney Leaving The NBC Drama As Spoilers Tease Severide’s Life Changing Decision? ‘The Seven Deadly Sins' Season 2 Mini-Series To Stream On Netflix In February ‘The Flash’ Season 3 Episode 17 Will See Musical Crossover But Will Iris Still Be Alive By Then? ‘Reign’ Season 4 Updates: Five Interesting Spoilers Fans Should Know Before Air Date ‘Tokyo Ghoul’ Season 3 Air Date Still Delayed But March Premiere With Interesting Character Addition Speculated; More Scoops Here! What We Know So Far About 'The Dark Tower' Movie [Spoilers] 'Naruto: Shippuden' Episode 494 - 495: Naruto & Hinata Tying the Knot; J-World Theme Park Also Celebrates the Wedding in Real Life ‘Supergirl’ Season 2 Episode 12 Spoilers: Lena Luthor Arrested For Prison Break Involvement, Cadmus Duo Is Back; Team Sanvers Celebrates Valentine’s! News Games Reviews How TO Culture Videos About Us | Contact Us | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2017 Mobile&Apps Inc. All rights reserved.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Hands-on review: Pro and cons of the MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar After using the MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar as his sole machine for 30 days, a sys admin shares his thoughts about its battery life, connectivity, performance, and more. By Jesus Vigo | February 8, 2017, 10:17 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Apple's latest releases in its much beloved MacBook Pro lineup has received a lot of attention and mixed reviews. In the video above, TechRepublic Global Editor in Chief Jason Hiner shares his top five big takeaways of the MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar. Some people have praised the MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar's lightweight form factor and brilliant screen. Other users have cursed its adoption of USB-C ports as the device's sole means of connectivity and bemoaned the "dongle purgatory" that has resulted in users carrying adapters for their favorite cables in order to continue to use those cables with the new machine. So, is the device a worthy successor to the established MacBook Pro line, or is it a case of style over substance? I could not get a conclusive answer, and since I was in severe need of an upgrade from my trusty 2009 MacBook Pro 15", I decided to put my money where my mouth is and purchase and use a new MacBook Pro 13" with Touch Bar and determine whether the device is worthy of the hype. I bought the device for real-world use and not in a controlled lab environment. I used the MacBook Pro to complete network administrator tasks on multiple networks (wired and wireless), send/receive emails, navigate the internet, work on web development projects, write this article, watch movies, and manage my audio collection. Now, let's find out how it fared. SEE: Apple MacBook Pro 2016: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Image: Apple Hardware What's not to love with this or any of Apple's computing devices? With a mix of glass and metal paired with a gorgeous screen all packed together in a very sturdy, lightweight frame, this is Apple's finest looking laptop and arguably among the finer looking mobile computers currently available. The device's size and weight are spot-on. The device is light enough at 3 lbs. to be carried anywhere, but it's not so small that Apple skimped on the size of the keyboard or screen, delivering a superbly light yet agile piece of hardware. The screen is vibrant and the colors pop, making anything you're doing on this device a pleasure to view. After using a non-Retina model machine, the screen was doubly impressive—it is breathtaking seeing the images onscreen with its high-res and incredible PPI. What's Hot at TechRepublic Best of CES 2017: The top 10 business products How to create work-life balance in tech: 7 tips from the C-suite Build your Excel skills with these 10 power tips Subscribe to our Tech News You Can Use newsletter The revised keyboard featuring the 2nd-generation butterfly mechanism design brings a hearty clickety-clack feedback when typing. The keys provide just the right amount of response, making it a dream for touch typers such as myself. Apple increased the size of the keys by making them less chiclet style, and I'm still adjusting to that change—once in a while I bang on the wrong key. There's one word to describe the new, larger touchpad: awesome! I'm a huge fan of the touchpad, as there is a lot functionality that can be implemented into it. At the very least, those of us with larger hands can benefit from the increased real estate with which we can work. Even though Force Touch was introduced in the previous model, it is new to me on a laptop and, frankly, I'm not sold. Although it functions when I want it to, it is often triggered even when I don't want it to, leading to a function being performed other than the input I am requesting. It's annoying at times, and I will probably turn it off. Performance The new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar uses Intel's 6th-generation Core i5 and i7 processors. These new CPUs come with support for DDR3 and DDR4 RAM (except in low-power CPUs like the energy-efficient ones Apple uses), Thunderbolt 3.0, and Iris graphics, to name a few of the new technologies. In terms of clock speed, the new processors blow away my previous Core 2 Duo and pretty much obliterate the MacBook Retina and MacBook Air offerings. When compared to my wife's 2014 MacBook Pro 13" Retina, there's minimal speed difference. The RAM offerings this time around are just like the recent models; memory is soldered on the logic board, so buy the max that you'll need because there's no way to upgrade. The tight integration of components makes for a much faster system when compared to other laptops. Even newer releases, such as the entry-level model Microsoft Surface Pro 4, can't keep up with the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in benchmarks. Apple dropped the ball by keeping the maximum supported RAM capped at 16 GB and opting to stick with DDR3-LP memory instead of choosing DDR4; the latter would've allowed it to scale the max. RAM supported to 32 GB, edging out the competition while fundamentally extending the longevity of the new MacBook Pros. Battery life Battery life is one of the three major points of contention amongst fans and critics. The battery life appears to have remained the same according to the technical specifications, boasting 10 hours of usage, and yet concerns have run rampant about battery life issues preventing it from ever reaching its theoretical estimate. SEE: New MacBook Pro with Touch Bar suffers from serious battery issues (ZDNet) So which is it: erratic behavior on the part of the hardware, or end users trusting the estimated battery life information from macOS? In my experience, it seems to be a bit of both. Let me explain. I have noticed odd behavior when doing something as benign as surfing the internet. I may start off with 85% battery life and, about 45 minutes later, it's down to 67% or so. I do not have the brightness cranked to 100%, nor am I using Chrome or Firefox, or have the Adobe Flash plug-in installed, all of which are energy hogs. However, at other times, I may be running multiple multitasking applications, transferring large files over the wireless network, and watching HD videos on YouTube, and the battery life may only go down 10%, if that. I am pleased to report that the mysterious power drain is the exception and not the rule. I feel like some of it may have to do superficially with how the device and macOS integrate. This isn't too big of a concern, as issues tend to get stamped out in forthcoming updates as the OS matures and the code is optimized to work better with the hardware. Touch Bar The second sticking point and also the most sought after feature is the Touch Bar, which adds an OLED screen atop the keyboard to handle dynamic changes to the function keys, extending capabilities based on the application currently being used. Prior to owning this laptop, my brief tests of the Touch Bar made me think it was gimmicky, though there was a slight possibility for future implementation. After using the laptop for 30 days, I still think Touch Bar is gimmicky, but I have found quite a few customizations for it that add simplicity to everyday use. The problem I find is that it is largely reliant on app developers to implement Touch Bar integration in a creative, time-saving manner as opposed to a regurgitation of an existing keyboard shortcut. For example, bringing up a Finder window and clicking once on a file to highlight it, then pressing the Quick Look button on the Touch Bar will zoom into that file in an overlay window to allow for a better look vs. pressing the space bar once, which effectively produces the exact same result without having me lift my hand from the keyboard. While this may seem insignificant to some users, this break in productivity makes me not want to utilize this feature since there's no time savings or real benefit to using it. Technology is supposed to make our lives easier, not add to the complication. This is why how Touch Bar support is added is just as important as it being added in the first place. Take, for example, the much touted support included in the Photos app. When running your finger across the strip, scrolling between hundreds of photographs feels as smooth as if you're only scrolling between a dozen apps; this granular support works quickly and efficiently, and it's extremely well thought out. One very special welcome addition is the Touch ID integrated into the Touch Bar. Words cannot do it justice. It's great to unlock a computer, sign in to a website, or even use Apple Pay just by pressing your finger on the sensor. Connectivity The third and most heavily criticized aspect of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is Apple's decision to go with USB-C ports only, instead of offering a mix of common port types like those found in just about every MacBook Pro since the devices were called PowerBooks. Included with the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is an Airport Extreme card that provides A/B/G/N/AC-spec. wireless internet access and simultaneously supports Bluetooth 4.2. Also, let's not forget that a 3.5" audio-out headphone jack is included. Going back to the contentious USB-C ports: At first, I was not too happy that this was the only form of connecting peripherals to the laptop. This presented me (and everyone that purchases this laptop) with only three plausible options: Buy new equipment that natively supports the USB-C standard. Buy new cable types that terminate one end as USB-C to continue using existing equipment. Buy adapters that allow you to continue using your existing cables. You're probably going to have to spend some extra money to get peripheral devices working with the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Buying new equipment is largely a huge waste if the equipment you currently own works well and is supported by macOS. Buying new cables may be overkill, since there are dongles that will change the gender to the correct type, and, sometimes the adapters cost as much if not more so than a new cable. I'm not thrilled by the port changes, but it's not the deal-breaker that it has been painted to be, especially when you consider that all mobile devices are moving to this de facto standard. It's not a question of if but rather when all other manufacturers make the same changes. At least Apple included four of these high-speed ports. This change has given rise to multi-port devices, such as USB flash drives that sport both a traditional USB 3.0 Type-A connector and a USB 3.1 Type-C connector. Not only is it future proof, but I was able to pick up a major brand 128 GB flash drive on Amazon for less than what many of the traditional USB flash drives would cost me, plus the USB-C adapter. I decided to buy two USB-C adapters because they were a great deal, and because you never know when you're going to need one or both. Plus, I'm more about performance than anything else, so until I replace cables and external HDDs with new, USB 3.1 Type-C native ones that provide 10Gbps throughout vs. the USB 3.0 Type-A that cap out at 5Gbps speeds, I can continue to get my work done without worrying about running out of connectors. SEE: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) review (CNET) The bottom line The new MacBook Pro is too similar to the 2014-2015 MacBook Pro Retina in all but weight to recommend it as an upgrade for anyone looking to trade up from a modern MacBook Pro. The Touch Bar is a technological advance, but its potential is directly tied to software developers including proper support. "Dongle hell" is very real—be prepared to buy new cables and/or adapters to convert to the USB-C connector. But, the USB 3.1 speeds are incredible. Integrated SSD speeds are lightning fast and better than most after-market drives commercially available. It offers fast, reliable performance at only 3 lbs. Touch ID is ingenious! Now there's never any reason to not secure your computer, files, and accounts. Despite a few issues as they pertain to my needs, I liked the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a lot more than I anticipated. I'm sure upgrading from a 2009 MacBook Pro had something to do with it, but I come across all sorts of powerful and not-so-powerful machines everyday because of my work as a systems admin, not to mention that I own a few other modern Macs, including the aforementioned 2014 MacBook Pro and 2011 iMac that is maxed out hardware-wise. I love my new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and don't regret for a minute my upgrade purchase. For more Mac-related reviews, tips, and news, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple may be addressing biggest problem with the new MacBook Pro (TechRepublic) Apple's new MacBook Pro: 4 things professionals need to know (TechRepublic) CIO Jury: Two-thirds of IT departments say they won't support 2016 MacBook Pro (TechRepublic) Is MacBook Pro perfect? No, but it's worth $3,000 to me (CNET) Why I cancelled my new 15-inch MacBook Pro order (ZDNet) Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the MacBook Pro (ZDNet) Hardware Inventory Policy (Tech Pro Research) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jesus Vigo Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from seve... Full Bio Contact See all of Jesus's content Google+ themacjesus × Full Bio Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from several vendors, including Apple and CompTIA. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Enterprise IoT Research 2017: Benefits, Trends, and Security Concerns Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here’s what’s new in Android Wear 2.0, the latest smartwatch system from Google Avery Hartmans Feb. 8, 2017, 12:00 PM 4,126 facebook linkedin twitter email print Hollis Johnson It's been nearly three years since Google's smartwatch operating system, Android Wear, got a major update.  Since then, Apple has launched its own watch twice over and Fitbit still makes the best fitness trackers you can buy. Android Wear's production partners, like Motorola, have put plans to make more smartwatches on hold.  This makes the launch of Android Wear 2.0 and the introduction of two new smartwatches (in partnership with LG) a telling signal of Google's commitment to wearables. I used Android Wear 2.0 on one of Google's new smartwatches, the LG Watch Style (more on the watch itself here) to test out the flagship features of the new operating system: on-watch apps, fitness, and a built-in Google Assistant.  On-watch apps One of the most exciting features of Android Wear 2.0 is having the Play Store on a smartwatch. As long as the watch has a cellular connection, you can use apps on the watch and even make calls, regardless of whether your phone is in your pocket or at home. Being able to directly download apps onto the watch and cut out the middleman — your phone — makes using the watch a more fluid experience.  The apps themselves are simplified versions of what's on the phone, a trend that also caught on with Apple Watch Series 2. Rather than squinting at the screen and trying to navigate through a complex app on a tiny screen, the on-watch apps are pared down and provide only the functionality you need. And with the addition of a full keyboard to the watch, you have three options for responding to messages or using apps: typing things out on a standard keyboard, voice search and input, and drawing emoji.  Hollis Johnson The experience isn't perfect yet, but mostly because third-party apps haven't caught up. Some Android Wear apps still require a phone to either set things up or do more minute computing, like typing out a shopping list. But apps' capabilities should only improve over time.  Where the on-watch apps are most important is in the fitness realm. The addition of Google Play Music to the on-watch Play Store means your phone can be left at home during a workout and you can rely solely on the watch for music. There's one major limitation to that — it means you need wireless headphones — but it's a sign that Google is paying attention to the future of fitness technology and the gradual shift away from wired headphones.  Improved fitness tracking Fitness tracking was clearly top of mind for Google in creating the new operating system and building the new watches. I got to try these features when I reviewed the LG Watch Style, one of the two LG-made smartwatches launching alongside Android Wear 2.0. While the Style doesn't have as many fitness-focused features as its bigger, tougher sibling, the LG Watch Sport (read my colleague Steve Kovach's review of that here), it still works as a basic fitness tracker. The new version of Android Wear on the LG Watch Style does count steps and allows you to set goals for yourself, like running twice a week. Its best feature, however, is the ability to count the number of reps for various activities and act as a fitness coach. With the on-watch Fit Workout app, you can track activities like stationary biking or aerobics, as well as try three types of 30-day challenges: push-ups, sit-ups, and squats. While I was originally skeptical that the watch could accurately track the number reps, its built-in gyroscope was able to track both sit-ups and push-ups I completed with perfect accuracy. The watch also coaches you on proper form for each workout, running through a demo of how to complete the move safely and correctly. It tracks your progress each day and makes it a little bit tougher each time you complete the challenge. Hollis Johnson A simplified user experience overall In Android Wear 2.0, Google lets you to keep your watch face as simple and uncluttered or as customized as you'd like. With personalized watch faces, you can add bubbles that show upcoming agenda items, your fitness goals, or add app shortcuts. Choosing the right watch face was one of the more challenging parts of using the device, as there's only so much information you want displayed on the face of your watch.  Google Assistant is also now built into the watch, which, on the LG Watch Style, is activated by holding down the side button. Google Assistant is nice to have, as it quickly navigates to apps and saves a few clicks of the dial, but is somewhat unnecessary on a small device that only holds 4 GB worth of apps.  For those still using watches that run older versions of Android Wear, many of those will also support the new Android Wear 2.0 operating system. Google says 2.0 will roll out to the following watches over the coming months: ASUS ZenWatch 2 & 3, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch, Casio PRO TREK Smart, Fossil Q Founder, Fossil Q Marshal, Fossil Q Wander, Huawei Watch, LG Watch R, LG Watch Urbane and 2nd Edition LTE, Michael Kors Access Smartwatches, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Moto 360 for Women, Moto 360 Sport, New Balance RunIQ, Nixon Mission, Polar M600, and TAG Heuer Connected. Conclusion Overall, Android Wear 2.0 provided the best user experience I've ever had with a smartwatch. It's intuitive and modern, with an interface that's both aesthetically-pleasing and functional. The apps load quickly, the battery lasts for more than a full day, and the watch faces are almost infinitely changeable and customizable. The streamlined operating system makes using a smartwatch more convenient than previous versions. In fact, it felt as though Google re-envisioned the new operating system as a companion to a phone rather than a full-fledged computer. At the same time, since the new operating system is capable of messaging and on-watch music, you can leave your phone at home and rely solely on the watch for your basic needs.  The new Android Wear provides everything you need and nothing you don't, and can best be described as a smart, unfussy approach to building a smartwatch. Still, it's tough to tell whether or not Android Wear will help smartwatches in general cross over from "nice to have" to "must have." SEE ALSO: Google just debuted one of the best-looking smartwatches we've ever seen NOW WATCH: Here’s everything we know about the iPhone 8 Loading video... More: Android Wear Android Wear 2.0 Google LG Smart Watch LG Watch Style LG Watch Sport Smart Watches facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here’s what’s new in Android Wear 2.0, the latest smartwatch system from Google Here’s what’s new in Android Wear 2.0, the latest smartwatch system from Google It's been nearly three years since Google's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
birminghammailLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Local News Midlands News UK News Homes and Property Politics Crime Education Business Nostalgia Showbiz Health MotorsExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Theatre Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Shopping CompetitionsExpand Villa Blues Albion Sport Latest Sport Aston Villa Birmingham City West Brom Wolves Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport National Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Nostalgia Celebs & TV Quizzes Food & Drink In Your Area Birmingham City Centre Bournville Digbeth Dudley Kings Heath Lichfield Moseley Solihull North Solihull South Sutton Coldfield Tamworth Walsall West Bromwich Wolverhampton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Cashback Dating BuySell Book an Ad Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Midlands News Apple News Why the iPhone 8 from Apple could arrive EARLY For the past five years, the Silicon Valley tech giant's launches have been as regular as clockwork, occurring every year in mid-September  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 15:31, 8 FEB 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in How to tell if your iPhone charger is fake Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The eagerly-anticipated iPhone 8 could arrive EARLY, according to reports. The next model from Apple could reportedly break from tradition, Mirror Online suggests. For the past five years, the Silicon Valley tech giant's launches have been as regular as clockwork, occurring every year in mid-September. But a new report hints that Apple may break with tradition this year and launch its next flagship smartphone earlier than expected. According to information gathered by boutique research firm BlueFin Research Partners and shared by Barron's Tech Trader Daily, there is "some indication" that Apple will start production of the iPhone 8 in June. "The most intriguing data points that we have uncovered suggests that AAPL is ramping the next generation iPhones earlier than historical norms," the BlueFin partners stated in a research note. "Additionally, AAPL has adjusted iPhone 7, 7 Plus, and SE production downward in preparation for the next generation launch." Read More Apple to release THREE new iPads this year - here's all you need to know Rumours have been swirling for some time that Apple is planning to get rid of the traditional physical Home button and replace it with a touch-sensitive digital button. Japanese website Macotakara obtained information regarding the next smartphone from Apple. According to the site, the 'informed' supply chain source from Taiwan says Apple's next tablet will have reduced bezels around the screen. And, even more crucially, the device could have NO physical home button. Gadget experts say Apple could follow the same design principles with the iPhone 8 - which is believed to be appearing towards the end of 2017. "It is widely expected that Apple will replace the physical Home button on the iPhone 8 with one embedded into the display," wrote Apple site 9to5Mac. A Chinese website called Storm previously reported that the virtual home button will have the same haptic feedback motors used in the iPhone 7 to create the illusion of a Home button, even if it's really just a flat capacitive surface. The iPhone 7 was launched at an event streamed live across the globe from San Francisco in September. Read More iPhone 8 to ditch iconic home button and Touch ID fingerprint feature The device, for the first time ever, does not feature a 3.5 mm headphone jack, but uses the Apple A10 Fusion 64-bit system-on-chip, which consists of two low-power cores and two high-power cores. As with prior models, iPhone 7 is available in two sizes: one with a 4.7-inch screen, and a "Plus" variant with a 5.5-inch screen. The displays have identical sizes and resolutions to iPhone 6S, but with a wider color gamut and increased brightness. Both device variants also contain a new iteration of Apple's motion coprocessor, the M10. Unlike previous iPhone models, internal storage options for iPhone 7 begin at 32 GB instead of 16 GB. iPhone 7 Plus offers 3 GB of RAM, more than any other previous iPhone, the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 has 2 GB. Read More Apple store Queues for iPhone 7 in Bullring New Apple store reveals opening date Can Apple save New Street? Is Kodi legal? iPod Classic could be worth more 17 facts about New Street The new features inside New Street store New Street store opening hours Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @BirminghamMail Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple News all Most Read Most Recent Birmingham AirportWoman dies on Pakistan International Airlines flight to Birmingham after dramatic medical emergency landing Airport officials say a post-mortem examination will be carried out to establish the cause of death Midlands NewsLorry driver: Road rage men threatened to BEHEAD me Footage released shows man making chilling 'slitting throat' gesture during argument EastEndersEastEnders FINALLY reveals what caused Ronnie and Roxy's deaths The BBC One show had Brummies gasping in shock over the New Year period, when the pair of sisters drowned in a swimming pool FacebookWatch: Primary school teacher's XXXX rant at bouncers School launched investigation Emily Higgins shouts bad language at door staff at Geisha in The Cube Handsworth WoodBus driver attacked with baseball bat on No.11 route He asked passengers to stop messing with ticket machine Midlands NewsThe law on using your mobile phone at wheel is changing - this is how Fines set to be DOUBLED amid frustration from authorities over rising lawbreaking Midlands NewsLorry driver: Road rage men threatened to BEHEAD me Footage released shows man making chilling 'slitting throat' gesture during argument West Midlands PoliceKenichi Phillips investigation: Woman charged with assisting offender Woman charged by police investigating death of teenager in Ladywood last year CourtsNeighbour from hell who called mum 'white trash' LOSES court appeal Jeremy Kyle show assault was used as evidence in case AmazonWarning for Pirate Bay users from Virgin Media and Sky The warnings, which are part of the government-backed Get It Right campaign, will inform customers they have 20 days to stop downloading content illegally Most Read Most Recent Birmingham AirportWoman dies on Pakistan International Airlines flight to Birmingham after dramatic medical emergency landing Airport officials say a post-mortem examination will be carried out to establish the cause of death Midlands NewsLorry driver: Road rage men threatened to BEHEAD me Footage released shows man making chilling 'slitting throat' gesture during argument Aston Villa FCThis is Aston Villa boss Steve Bruce's blunt verdict on the dip in form Villa have four home games this month and are still on a mission to close the gap on the top-six West Bromwich Albion FCWest Brom bumper digest: Tony Pulis hits out at Mark Hughes, Ryan Shawcross voicemail accusation and West Ham prediction Your daily round-up of the latest Albion news and opinion EastEndersEastEnders FINALLY reveals what caused Ronnie and Roxy's deaths The BBC One show had Brummies gasping in shock over the New Year period, when the pair of sisters drowned in a swimming pool Birmingham City FCBirmingham City post match digest: Zola frustrated with Sheffield Wednesday defeat; Midfielder banned; Gary Rowett reveals chat with Zola Catch up on all the latest Blues news after the loss at Hillsborough West Bromwich Albion FCWest Brom bumper digest: Tony Pulis hits out at Mark Hughes, Ryan Shawcross voicemail accusation and West Ham prediction Your daily round-up of the latest Albion news and opinion Aston Villa FCAston Villa bumper news digest: Steve Bruce's honest verdict on January transfers; Ipswich Town prediction; Ashley Westwood on being rescued Your daily round up of the latest Villa news and opinion Midlands NewsThe law on using your mobile phone at wheel is changing - this is how Fines set to be DOUBLED amid frustration from authorities over rising lawbreaking Half TermHow to get cheap half term deals at holiday parks including Butlins and Parkdean Some places have actually reduced prices for the next school holiday with up to 40 per cent off Top Stories Midlands NewsLorry driver: Road rage men threatened to BEHEAD me Footage released shows man making chilling 'slitting throat' gesture during argument Midlands NewsThe law on using your mobile phone at wheel is changing - this is how Fines set to be DOUBLED amid frustration from authorities over rising lawbreaking Birmingham AirportWoman dies on flight to Birmingham after dramatic medical emergency landing Airport officials say a post-mortem examination will be carried out to establish the cause of death CourtsNeighbour from hell who called mum 'white trash' LOSES court appeal Jeremy Kyle show assault was used as evidence in case West Midlands PoliceKenichi Phillips investigation: Woman charged with assisting offender Woman charged by police investigating death of teenager in Ladywood last year Birmingham City CentreSee inside new city centre cafe Damascena It is one of Birmingham's most popular independent coffee shops and it's coming to the city centre West Midlands Fire Service80 schoolchildren moved after smoke billows from PAVEMENT in fire Power cuts after blaze in electricity box Birmingham RestaurantsUberEATS could be coming soon to Birmingham - and this is what to expect Uber takes on Deliveroo with restaurant delivery service and seems to be eyeing Birmingham as part of expansion Birmingham New Street StationBarnt Green rail death: Police seeking key witness after woman hit by train CCTV image issued of man police wish to speak to after woman died at the scene West Midlands PoliceGirl raised alarm about tragic fire - saving four lives Elderly man sadly died in blaze in City Road, Edgbaston property newsWhy living near a Birmingham park adds up to £110,000 to the value of your house You'd might surprised how much value a park could add to a property in Birmingham Midlands NewsMan has artery severed in brutal nightclub bottle attack Police release images after horrific injuries at Solbar, in the Arcadian Centre Woman dies on Pakistan International Airlines flight to Birmingham after dramatic medical emergency landing Lorry driver: Road rage men threatened to BEHEAD me EastEnders FINALLY reveals what caused Ronnie and Roxy's deaths Watch: Primary school teacher's XXXX rant at bouncers Bus driver attacked with baseball bat on No.11 route The law on using your mobile phone at wheel is changing - this is how These are the strangest UK laws you can still get arrested for Neighbour from hell who called mum 'white trash' LOSES court appeal Slimming World launch legal action against Asda over diet food range How Aldi is defending its controversial Great Barr store Man has artery severed in brutal nightclub bottle attack Why Brexit could be bad news for SEAGULLS in Britain 80 schoolchildren moved after smoke billows from PAVEMENT in fire Train passenger spat in woman's face as she tried to stop racist abuse New Pokémon Go monsters as Generation 2 future revealed by Niantic Cheryl Cole 'labour' rumours in overdrive as Liam Payne flies back to UK Where is the best place for families to live in Birmingham? How to spot shigellosis - and what to do if you have it Man 'punched guest on The Jeremy Kyle Show after he was branded a w****r and a p***k' Barnt Green rail death: Police seeking key witness after woman hit by train News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital Exec Shuffle Apple Hires Timothy Twerdahl, Former GM of Amazon Fire TV, to Run Apple TV Marketing Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of Apple February 8, 2017 | 11:23AM PT Timothy Twerdahl, who led Amazon’s Fire TV set-top group for almost four years, has joined Apple as a vice president — where he will head up marketing for Apple TV, Bloomberg reported. Apple and Amazon reps did not respond to requests for comment. Twerdahl, who’s also worked in senior roles at Roku, Netflix and Motorola, joined Apple in the San Francisco Bay Area earlier this month, according to his LinkedIn profile. At Apple, Twerdahl reports to Greg Joswiak, VP of iPhone and iOS product marketing, per the Bloomberg report. Apple hasn’t disclosed sales volumes for Apple TV since March 2015, when the company said it had shipped more than 25 million of the devices worldwide to date. The first Apple TV was launched in 2007, and the tech giant rolled out the current fourth-generation version of the set-top in the fall of 2015. The Apple TV costs $150 with 32 gigabytes of storage or $200 with 64 GB. But in past year, Apple TV has struggled to grow. There were 20.5 million Apple TV users in the U.S. as of October 2016, and that’s projected to grow to just 25.8 million by 2020, according to estimates from research firm eMarketer. Apple TV has been hampered by its relatively high price and lack of support for Amazon Video and Spotify, the researcher said. By contrast, the $90 Amazon Fire TV — Twerdahl’s former baby — is the fastest-growing connected-TV device in the market, and in 2017 will surpass Roku in terms of users, according to eMarketer’s forecasts. Fire TV is expected to nearly double its installed base by 2020, to capture 27% U.S. market share versus Google’s Chromecast at 29.5%, Roku at 22.7% and Apple TV at 12.8%. Meanwhile, Twerdahl comes to Apple amid its ongoing feud with Amazon over digital video and devices. In the fall of 2015, Amazon stopped selling Apple TVs (as well as Chromecast dongles) and instead displays Fire TV in search results. The e-commerce company said that’s because it wants to feature only streaming devices that “interact well” with Amazon Prime Video, but the standoff may have more to do with Amazon balking at the app store policies of Apple and Google. With Twerdahl’s hire, Pete Distad — the exec who has led Apple TV marketing since joining from Hulu in 2013 — will shift to focus to content deals under Eddy Cue, SVP of internet software and services, Bloomberg reported, citing an anonymous source. Apple has embarked on a new effort to procure or produce original scripted TV shows and possibly movies for the Apple Music subscription service, according to a Wall Street Journal report last month. Filed Under: Apple Apple Tv Timothy Twerdahl Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Film 11:07PM PT Russian Cinema Looks Beyond Borders for Greater Traction 2 Film 11:00PM PT Berlinale: Well Go USA Takes North American Rights to Russian Epic ‘Furious’ (EXCLUSIVE) 3 Film 10:00PM PT Berlinale: First Image For Dev Patel’s ‘Hotel Mumbai’ 4 Film 9:11PM PT Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert Help Spread the Word for Oscar Nommed ‘Joe’s Violin’ 5 Film 6:22PM PT ‘The Batman’ Finds New Director in Matt Reeves Oscars: Justin Timberlake, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Sting, John Legend to Perform Oscar Winner Patrick Osborne Returns With First-Ever VR Nominee ‘Pearl’ ‘Arrival,’ ‘La La Land’ Among Film Music Critics Nominees Harvey Weinstein Taps Trump’s Travel Ban for New ‘Lion’ Oscar Messaging Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get 2 For 1 Tickets to See Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie 'Lego Batman' Hooks $55M+, 'Fifty Shades' Rachets Up $45M+… Kylie Jenner Sizzles in New Chain-Link Dress With Sofia Richie… Reign Returns, Deadlier Than Ever: Grade the Final Season… Activision admits taking 'Call of Duty' to space was a bad idea Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life The Apple Toilet Exists and It's Even Crazier Than It Sounds Share Tweet The Apple Toilet Exists and It's Even Crazier Than It Sounds By khal, Natalie Edgar Feb 08, 2017 Share Tweet 0 If it has the Apple logo on it, you know that design is a must. They pay such attention to detail, primarily to keep in line with their aesthetic while providing comfort for their users. According to a new report from Reuters , Apple's aesthetic goes all the way down to their toilets. Reuters got an in-depth look at that huge facility Apple built in Cupertino; you know, the one that's been compared to a spaceship? That's the one. Many are calling attention to this intriguing piece of information. "Architect German de la Torre, who worked on the project, found many of the proportions – such as the curve of a rounded corner – came from Apple’s products. The elevator buttons struck some workers as resembling the iPhone’s home button; one former manager even likened the toilet’s sleek design to the device," journalist Julia Love writes. It gets deeper, though: "But [architect German] de la Torre ultimately saw that Apple executives were not trying to evoke the iPhone per se, but rather following something akin to the Platonic ideal of form and dimension." If you've ever thought about what it'd be like to take a dump on an iPhone, you might need to get hired by Apple at Cupertino. Or just build a throne of iPhones. Whatever works for you. WatchNow Tags: News, Videos, Apple, Complex Video  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments 0 Lateststories Sports Seahawks Defensive End Michael Bennett Explains Why He Won’t Go on Trip With NFL Players to Israel (UPDATE) BY Aaron Mansfield 6 hours ago U.S. Intelligence Has Corroborated Some Aspects of Dossier Alleging Trump’s Ties to Russia BY Aaron Mansfield 6 hours ago Police Share Stories of The Dumbest Calls They’ve Responded To BY Aaron Mansfield 9 hours ago Drug Company Claims to Have Marijuana Treatment That Could Increase Lifespan of Brain Cancer Patients BY Gavin Evans 9 hours ago Teen Job Applicant Reportedly Rejected With a Brutally Harsh Text BY Trace Cowen 10 hours ago Teens Credited With Saving 194 Lives After Spotting Plane Fire BY Trace Cowen 11 hours ago Man Finds Almost $14,000 Worth of Cocaine in Nesquik Container BY Khal 12 hours ago Don't Believe the Hype: In-N-Out Burger BY Complex 13 hours ago ATL Prison Inmates Have Been Escaping, Grabbing Alcohol, and Sneaking Back in for Years BY Trace Cowen 14 hours ago Watch Bus Driver Go Ballistic on Live TV When Riders Try to Sneak a Free Trip BY Trace Cowen 16 hours ago Load More Stories NowTrending Music Drake Releases Statement Following Scarf ControversyBYAaron Mansfield The Top New Songs You Should Listen to Right Now Radio Host Goes on Racist Rant in Response To Waka Flocka's Trump Jersey Ass-Wiping 'Complex Live' Gets Lit With Ugly God, Takashi Murakami And Prince Royce Does Drake's Jordan Deal Still Matter?More Music Style 'Complex Live' Gets Lit With Ugly God, Takashi Murakami And Prince RoyceBYAdam Fleischer Givenchy Denies Rumors of Virgil Abloh Taking Over for Riccardo Tisci Juelz Santana Reflects on The Iconic Dipset x Supreme T-Shirt 7 Gems From Virgil Abloh's Columbia University Lecture Nike's Releasing the Acronym x Air Force 1 TodayMore Style Pop Culture 'Cloverfield' Director Reportedly Offered 'Batman' FranchiseBYShawn Setaro The Best Romantic Movies Streaming on Netflix Right Now The Rock Reacts to Under Armour CEO's Trump Comments Museum Shuts Down Shia LaBeouf, Rönkkö, and Turner's 'He Will Not Divide Us' Installation Chris Evans Goes Full Captain America on Former KKK Leader David DukeMore Pop Culture Sports Seahawks Defensive End Michael Bennett Explains Why He Won’t Go on Trip With NFL Players to Israel (UPDATE)BYAaron Mansfield John Lynch's Daughter Had an Incredible Response to Him Accepting 49ers' GM Job James Dolan Reportedly Bans Charles Oakley From MSG for Life and Fans Are Pissed Odell Beckham Jr. Reportedly Robbed of Jewelry and Cash Knicks Fans Should Boycott the Team Until James Dolan SellsMore Sports Sneakers Wilson Chandler Says He Left MSG Mid-Game to Buy SneakersBYBrandon Richard 'Space Jams' and More Air Jordan 11s Restocking for All-Star Weekend Go Up Close with the 'Cool Grey' Nike Kyrie 3 Paul George Has Been Wearing the Wrong Size Sneaker for Years The Most Leaked Shoe in Nike HistoryMore Sneakers Life Seahawks Defensive End Michael Bennett Explains Why He Won’t Go on Trip With NFL Players to Israel (UPDATE)BYAaron Mansfield U.S. Intelligence Has Corroborated Some Aspects of Dossier Alleging Trump’s Ties to Russia Police Share Stories of The Dumbest Calls They’ve Responded To Drug Company Claims to Have Marijuana Treatment That Could Increase Lifespan of Brain Cancer Patients Teen Job Applicant Reportedly Rejected With a Brutally Harsh TextMore Life SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1201 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple’s new ‘Spaceship’ campus to feature iPhone-inspired toilets by Bryan Clark — in Apple Credit: LWY Partnership/Shutterstock 408 shares Overlooked in the imagery of Apple’s new ‘Spaceship’ campus is possibly the most important piece of design in the building — the commode. Apple’s new iThrone (probably not what it’s actually called) is the pinnacle of design achievement. Sleek lines give way to impressive storage capacity while remaining consistent to the central control piece of all iThings — the home button. “The most awesome stage” Last year, Facebook's VP of Design thought the TNW Conference main stage was the best she'd ever been on. FIND OUT WHY According to Reuters: The elevator buttons struck some workers as resembling the iPhone’s home button; one former manager even likened the toilet’s sleek design to the device. I mean, how could you not? These types of design decisions seem to be causing headaches in Cupertino. Reports suggest that Apple’s nit-picking over all things design are leading to further delays to its campus — which was originally slated to open in 2015. We’ve reached out to Apple for confirmation of what it’s like to reach the apex of toilet design and, perhaps more importantly, see if the company could provide photos of its new shitter. Channeling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new 'spaceship' campus on Reuters Read next: Harambe-shaped Cheeto fetches $100k on eBay AppleDistractiPhone Share on Facebook (47) Share on Twitter (189) Bryan Clark is a reporter from San Diego, CA. Happy to hear your thoughts on bryan@thenextweb.com or @bryanclark on Twitter. Bryan Clark is the US Editor, a California resident, and a believer that the West Coast truly is the best coast. He digs web culture, social media, and inappropriate use of GIFs during otherwise serious conversation. Connect via Twitter or Facebook. Contact Mail Tweet Location San Diego, CA Posts 1251 Posts / mo. 59.12   All posts by Bryan > The latest articles around Apple Apple is reportedly gunning to introduce an iris scanner to the iPhone 8 Mix Apple reportedly going all in with wireless charging for the iPhone 8 Mix Apple CEO Tim Cook: Steve Jobs' DNA will always be the core of Apple Mix Shh. Here's some distraction 6 reasons why app stores should transition to subscription models TNW with Setapp Say goodbye to Steam Greenlight — and hello to Steam Direct Rachel Kaser Banking while browsing: The e-commerce solution TNW with ABN AMRO Facebook is being audited because metrics are hard Rachel Kaser Esports are coming to the NBA — for better or worse Rachel Kaser How to use data to make killer content decisions TNW with Tibco Comments Recommended The way you buy apps is about to change William Watterson Most popular 1 New macOS malware exploits old Windows tricks to get into your system Mix 2 Study: No one really likes to look at your selfies Rachel Kaser 3 WhatsApp switches on two-factor verification for 1.2 billion users Bryan Clark 4 Apple reportedly going all in with wireless charging for the iPhone 8 Mix 5 DJ Trump is a GREAT video mixer that makes Trump say anything you type Mix Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Russia considers returning Snowden to US as a 'gift' to Trump Bryan Clark Prince's music finally returns to streaming services this Sunday Rachel Kaser Say goodbye to Steam Greenlight — and hello to Steam Direct Rachel Kaser Here's why so many of your Windows drivers are from 2006 Napier Lopez How to improve Facebook's 'On This Day' and 'Friendversary' features Bryan Clark Investors Snap up the wrong stock Rachel Kaser Facebook is being audited because metrics are hard Rachel Kaser How to create and maintain a strategic approach to design thinking Kaylan Smith Apple is reportedly gunning to introduce an iris scanner to the iPhone 8 Mix Review: Samsung's Chromebook Pro is a sweet taste of Android's laptop future Napier Lopez Numerous iPhone 7 owners cry out that their Matte Black paint is chipping Mix Apple reportedly going all in with wireless charging for the iPhone 8 Mix The best personal newsletters by women for women Veselina Gerova This supply chain training will help you get your product to market like an absolute pro TNW Deals Microsoft banks on Israel to build a secure service Dennis Mitzner Days ● Hours ● Minutes ● Seconds ● UNTIL PRICES RISE TNW Conference is Europe's leading technology festival. Early Bird passes are available until February 26th! Learn More Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turnopinion Trump traumatizes tech The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin By Jennifer Rubin February 8 Follow @JRubinBlogger Apple chief executive Tim Cook at the Apple event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in Sept. 2015. (Eric Risberg/ASSOCIATED PRESS/File) On a day the president and vice president are again meeting with high-tech industry leaders, it’s important to recognize how much more active in the public policy debate Silicon Valley has become. “For years, many tech companies tried to ignore Washington. Microsoft in Seattle, Apple and Google in Silicon Valley, went about their business, developing products, selling them to customers, and — happily, legally — making money,” David Boaz of the Cato Institute wrote recently. “But it seems that every successful company eventually finds out that it can’t just work on improving its products and serving consumers. Sooner or later, it’s going to have to deal with politicians and regulators sniffing around its business.” The explanation lies in the necessity of political activism in the Trump era. Remember when conservatives (a few months ago, say) used to argue that big, intrusive government made business into rent-seekers, needing this and that adjustment in order to survive? Well high-tech’s need to engage with Washington, D.C., proves the point, and lays bare Trump’s anti-competitive agenda. “When the federal government restricts trade, limits companies’ ability to hire the best employees and levies the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world, it hurts US companies’ growth,” Boaz notes. “When it also launches antitrust investigations of successful companies such as Microsoft, Google and Apple, companies feel they have no choice but to get involved in politics and lobbying. And that’s a shame, because the most important factor in America’s economic future — raising everyone’s standard of living — is not land, or money, or computers; it’s human talent.” Apple, Google, Twitter and Microsoft are among nearly 100 tech companies who filed a legal brief opposing President Trump's immigration ban. The brief says Trump's executive order represents a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the U.S. and inflicts harm on American companies. (Reuters) In other words, at a time Trump is promising to “deregulate” (2 regulations go away for every new one) he is engaged in two massive regulatory efforts which threaten our most promising industries. Trade protectionism is in fact an especially intrusion form of regulation insofar as it penalizes companies for making economically smart decisions on everything from which supplier to use to where distribution and manufacturing plants should be located. Likewise, telling companies they cannot hire the best, most talented employees if they happen to come from certain countries is far more intrusive than, say, raising the minimum wage, something Republicans staunchly oppose. The other threat to industries (including high-tech) that pride themselves on being meritocracies is that Trump’s erratic, personalized style of business, replete with conflicts of interest, gives preference to competitors that may have chummier relations with Trump — or his children — rather than the best products or most attractive prices. Chief executives around the country must have shuddered to hear Trump excoriate a company for deciding not to do business with his daughter. He tweeted: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible.” Now, Nordstrom’s shoppers may not include a lot of working-class Trump fans from the Rust Belt but the message is not lost on American business: Don’t think about ending (or refusing to initiate) business with my children or you, too, will feel my wrath. This conduct has a corrosive effect on business ethics and penalizes companies that have no means or desire to fatten the Trump family coffers. When you hear that the Department of Defense is contemplating renting space in Trump Tower (at elevated rates, perhaps?) you see one more instance in which the price of business, quite literally, is tied to doing business with the Trump family. With regard to business leasing space either to (e.g., the Trump hotel) or from Trump, every day brings new questions about whether Trump is getting rich off the government and whether businesses not associated with Trump are at a competitive disadvantage. Jordan Libowitz of the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington tells me, “These questions are just another issue raising from Trump’s refusal to divest from his business and put his assets in a blind trust. There shouldn’t have to be questions pitting national security against personal enrichment. This is completely unprecedented.” If high-tech executives have a single message for Trump it should be this: America wins when it can operate smartly, with the best talent and in the most efficient ways possible. Protectionism, immigration exclusion and cronyism (verging on out-and-out corruption) destroy American competitiveness and in turn American jobs. That kind of message in defense of free markets, which used to come from Republicans before Trump took over their party and their souls, would serve not only their own industry, but virtually all American businesses and the workers they employ. opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 37 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion A blueprint for resistance to Trump has emerged. Here’s what it looks like. 2 Opinion Six stunning aspects of the Flynn scandal 3 Opinion Elizabeth Warren is a grandstanding phony 4 Opinion Here’s how you can deal with Trump — besides drinking Everclear 5 Opinion The Republican health-care plan the country isn’t debating Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Your smartphone apps might be secretly leaking your info By Chris Smith, BGR View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 8, 2017 | 2:04pm Modal Trigger Composite; Shutterstock Originally Published By: More On: iphone Now the whole world is one big Pinterest board The iPhone 8 is going to cost upwards of $1,000 iPhone snobs are also dating snobs Man rear-ended by distracted driver blames Apple for crash Apple’s iPhone is more secure than its rivals, but that doesn’t mean that apps or the device itself can’t be hacked. A security researcher discovered a flaw in some 76 App Store apps with more than 18 million downloads between them that would allow a malicious individual to capture certain data from the iPhone. The security issue can’t be fixed by Apple directly. Instead, each developer should handle with extra care network-related code that might interfere with Apple’s default practices for transporting data over a secured connection. Will Strafach used his verify.ly service to discover 76 applications that can be leak data about yourself. The security exploit takes advantage of a data transfer protocol that might be misconfigured in certain apps. A security feature introduced by Apple in iOS 9 called App Transport Security feature is meant to force app data transfers over secured HTTPS. But misconfigured network code in an iOS app can fool the ATS protocol to see a connection as TLS-protected (HTTPS) even when it’s not. A hacker with knowledge of the issue would be able to siphon off data from an iPhone over a Wi-Fi connection. Strafach divided the 76 apps into three categories, including low-risk (33 apps), medium-risk (24 apps) and high-risk (19 apps). A high-risk app would leak financial or medical service login credentials and session authentication tokens for logged users. A medium-risk app would let the hacker intercept login credentials and session authentication tokens for logged in users. Low-risk apps would leak partially sensitive data about the device, including email address and login credentials. The researcher posted the 33 low-risk apps he discovered complete with information on what kind of information hackers can steal. For example, Snap Upload for Snapchat would give a hacker the username and password to Snapchat — check out the full list at this link. Strafach did not share the medium- and high-risk apps and chose to reach out to affected “banks, medical providers, and other developers of sensitive applications which are vulnerable,” before identifying them. He will post more information about them in 60 to 90 days. The same problem affected Experian in 2016 and PayPal in 2010. The attacks, however, aren’t exactly simple, and they require knowledge of the issue, specialized equipment, and proximity to a target who must have installed on his or her device vulnerable apps. What you can do until then is to avoid connecting to any untrusted Wi-Fi network for any sensitive data exchanges, such as internet banking sessions. Choose cellular data instead, which would make it nearly impossible for a hacker to intercept the same data. Of course, if hackers are targeting you for any reason, then you might have some bigger problems to deal with than worrying about what Wi-Fi network to trust when you’re not at home. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on BGR. Filed under apple ,  apps ,  digital privacy ,  digital security ,  iphone Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next iPhone snobs are also dating snobs Read Next iPhone snobs are also dating snobs Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 13,493 Jordanian pilot had no idea ISIS was about to burn him alive 13,395 Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead 13,105 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn’t spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her ‘shoe game’ at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball SEE ALL Video 1:02 These shoes weren't made for walking Now On The Boundary-Pushing Sex Scenes of Lena Dunham SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 Tim Cook receives honorary degree from University of Glasgow, denounces Trump immigration order Benjamin Mayo - Feb. 8th 2017 10:40 am PT @bzamayo Tim Cook Apple University of Glasgow View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: A full video of Cook’s appearance at the University of Glasgow can be seen below. It’s not great quality, but it’s something. Apple CEO Tim Cook today received an honorary degree from the University of Glasgow, in the UK. The ceremony (video below) was then followed by a brief interview where Cook described the institution as ‘one of the finest universities in the world’. He also condemned the Donald Trump immigration order, saying that ‘if we stand and say nothing, we become a part of it’. Watch Tim Cook receive his degree after the jump as well as his answers to questions about coding in school, Steve Jobs, Apple’s role in activism and more … In the fireside chat, Cook said that aspiring graduates should not work with the aim of making money: ‘it will wear out fast, or never be enough’. Cook also said that there is a big difference between loving the work and doing the work, as advice he would give to his younger self. Regarding the Trump order blanket-banning immigration from seven Muslim countries, Cook said that Apple thrives on diversity and that doing nothing was not an option. Cook plainly said: ‘I do not support the immigration ban’. In the Q&A, one student asked Cook if he could have a job. Cook directed the person to the company jobs site. Regarding activism, Cook said he does not view Apple as an ‘activist’ per se. He says Apple makes its voice heard in areas where they have deep knowledge or a strong point view based on things Apple learned, not a general purpose professional activist. Cook also repeated his comments about the importance of coding as a skill, saying it should be required in schools. He also said that Steve Jobs was the person that influenced him the most in life ‘by far’. The university is posting photos and videos from the event to its Twitter feed. .@tim_cook looked up to and was inspired by Steve Jobs. pic.twitter.com/TGMwtmvBZh — Uni of Glasgow (@UofGlasgow) February 8, 2017 .@tim_cook is officially an honorary grad! Does this mean we all need to switch to @Apple? 😋 pic.twitter.com/v89lJydDCH — Uni of Glasgow (@UofGlasgow) February 8, 2017 Before Cook arrived at the university, he visited the Glasgow Apple Store where he took selfies with customers. Tim Cook stops for selfies as he leaves @Apple store in Glasgow ahead of collecting an honorary degree from @UofGlasgow pic.twitter.com/PT8ffykHwP — Paul Ward (@paulward21) February 8, 2017 Humbled & honored to become part of the @UofGlasgow community tonight. Thank you to the faculty & students of this great university! pic.twitter.com/YpwArFUgGr — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) February 8, 2017 Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide Apple View THe Guide University of Glasgow View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad About time! LG and Google reveal first Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches in bid to topple Apple $349 Sport and $249 Style will take on Apple with Android Wear 2.0  Following launch, Android Wear 2.0 update will be rolled out to existing devices For iPhone owners, they will also have iOS compatibility  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 12:49 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 12:55 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail 27 shares 20 View comments Google is launching a fresh attack on the smartwatch market with a radically upgraded version of its Android wear software.  Made by LG, the $349 Sport and $249 Style will take on Apple with Android Wear 2.0 - and the software is expected to be available on other watches within weeks as well. The new software has an improved interface, including a new Google Maps app, and can also double as a Android Pay credit card. Scroll down for video  The new LG Style smartwatch: It boasts a 1.2-inch display, and is designed with a basic set of features, and supports interchangeable straps. SMARTWATCH SPECS The Watch Sport has a larger, higher-resolution screen (1.38 inches and 480 x 480, versus Style’s 1.2-inch, 360 x 360 face). It also has more RAM (768MB versus 512MB, although internal storage is 4GB across the board), and a larger battery (430mAh versus 240mAh) Both timepieces feature Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, and the Sport model throws in cellular connectivity (with both 3G and LTE data) as well as GPS and NFC radios, so it can be used to make payments. Sport will have a built in heart rate sensor     The new Style has a 1.2-inch display, and is designed with a basic set of features.  The wearable sports a 240mAh battery, 1.1GHz Snapdragon Wear processor, 4GB of internal storage and 512MB of RAM.  However, only the more expensive Sport has a heart rate sensor and NFC chip for payments.   The larger device also features LTE, for wireless data and calls, which can be made through an on-board speaker and mic system, along with a bigger battery. It has a 1.38inch  always-on display features a pixel density of 348ppi, with better water and dust resistance. Both will be available through Best Buy and the Google Store, along with carrier partners AT&T and Verizon, in the case of the Sport.  The Style supports interchangeable straps but unfortunately the Sport does not because some of the connectivity is built right into the strap RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next A cure for insomnia? Peanut-shaped robot pillow will slow... The never-ending Samsung Note 7 fiasco: Now the Chinese... Would YOU drink 'spit beer' that you chew yourself (and... Has the 12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave been found? Excavators... Share this article Share 27 shares The Watch Sport has a larger, higher-resolution screen (1.38 inches and 480 x 480, versus Style’s 1.2-inch, 360 x 360 face). It also features LTE, for wireless data and calls, which can be made through an on-board speaker and mic system, along with a bigger battery. The two watches will go on sale tomorrow in the US, and the rest of the world later in the year, probably following Mobile World Congress which starts on February 27 in Barcelona.  Teasing the upcoming launch, Jeff Chang, product manager of Android Wear at Google, confirmed the future watch plans in a recent interview.  As well as new hardware, Chang, speaking with The Verge, confirmed the new watches would be the first to run the heavily updated Android Wear 2.0 operating system. WHAT IS ANDROID WEAR?  Android Wear is Google's proprietary software designed to run on touchscreen wearable gadgets. It's an offshoot of Android OS, the world's most popular smartphone software. It uses gesture controls to let users swipe through on-screen apps and menu options. Compatible with all recent Android phones, there's also limited support for iPhone owners. By contrast, the Apple Watch only works with Apple's handsets.  Revamping the software's awkward user interface, the update will also introduce a number of new features. These include Android Pay support, standalone apps that don't require a phone to work, and the recently released voice-controlled Google Assistant. Both will also use adigital crown button to navigate as well as a touchscreen.  For iPhone owners, they will also have iOS compatibility.   Despite having been overtaken by Apple and its Apple Watch at the top of smartwatch sales charts, Chang says Google remains 'quite optimistic' about the future of smartwatches. Unlike Apple, Google doesn't make its own watches, instead partnering with third-party manufacturers and licensing out its software, a move it believes gives it the long-term edge. According to VentureBeat's leaks, the 14.2-millimeters thick Watch Sport (left) will come in titanium and dark blue, while the 10.8-millimeter thick Watch Style — with swappable straps — will be available in titanium, silver, and rose gold. 'We've enabled a lot of diversity with our hardware partners to target different types of consumers and preferences,' Chang said. 'This is a marathon, not a sprint. 'This category of products is here with us to stay.' Despite dodging manufacturing duties on the first Android Wear 2.0 watches, Google is no stranger to making its own gadgets.  Although this mystery manufacturer hasn't been named, Chang confirmed the company had previously made Android Wear devices. This lengthy list could include tech firms such as Samsung, Huawei, Motorola and LG. Pictured is Motorola's 360 2 smartwatch  Earlier this year, the company launched its first own-brand smartphone, the Google Pixel. The new watches have been confirmed for release on an unspecified date in Q1 2017, a period that runs from January 1 to March 31. The new software will also roll out to other Android smartwatches With Mobile World Congress, the Barcelona-based mobile technology show, to run between February 27 and March 2, it's likely the new devices will make their first official appearance around this time. Once the new devices are released, Google has confirmed the Android Wear 2.0 update will be rolled out to a number of existing devices.  THE RUMOURED FEATURES OG THE TWO NEW MODELS WATCH SPORT - CODENAMED ANGELFISH Google is building a sporty, feature-packed watch with it's own Google Assistant embedded. It looks similar to the Moto 360 and LG’s Urbane 2nd Edition LTE. The device, with a smooth circular shape that curves where the watch band touches the wrist and just three buttons, will come in a dark matte grey branded 'titanium'. One large circular crown button is placed along the right-side of the watch-face, with two smaller and circular buttons above and below it.   While the Motorola appears similar to a puck, both Google watches have a lighter frame. The watch's diameter is allegedly 43.5mm, making it slighty bigger than the Moto 360. WATCH STYLE - CODENAMED SWORDFISH Leaked designs show a smaller, daintier watch-face akin with the Apple Watch. It comes in silver, titanium or rose gold, the source disclosed. Smaller than the 'Angelfish' it has a diameter of 42mm and thickness of just 10.6mm, making it almost 10mm thinner than the current Moto 360.  Its straps are compatible with Google's MODE bands   Read more: Google will launch two flagship smartwatches early next year - The Verge First Android Wear 2.0 devices revealed: Google and LG's Watch Sport and Watch Style | VentureBeat | Mobile | by Evan Blass Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (20) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The truth about supermarket salmon: It's come 22,000 miles from Alaska to your plate (via China, Suez and... Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't... B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out... Ancient signals from the early universe: Scientists calculate gravitational wave sources that appeared right... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The amazing 'wizard's hat' amoeba: Arcella gandalfi named after Lord of the Rings character Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a cerebral palsy sufferer who uses her iPhone and iPad... Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the... Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth... Finding the same things funny is the secret to satisfaction in a relationship, scientists say MORE HEADLINES Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their own Do YOU dread going into the office? Getting ill is the only time we feel worse than being at work Revealed: 3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Mark Zuckerberg reveals Oculus virtual reality gloves that let you TYPE in thin air Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the real-world B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out of the sky The rise of the LAT: Experts spot big rise in older adults choosing 'living apart together' and keeping their own homes Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth DAILY following Valentine's Day launch Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud: Glitch meant private data was shown across multiple devices Did a DOUBLE plume of magma wipe out the dinosaurs? Experts suggest a new theory for the historic mass extinction 65 million years ago MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The POTTERY Princess: Researchers find ancient tomb of Chinese General and his wife filled with over 100 tiny figurines - and it could shed light on a little-known Chinese dynasty 1 comment SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Features MWC 2017: What are Samsung and Sony doing there, and when will everything happen? The world's biggest phone show takes place later this month, and there's a lot to look forward to Aatif Sulleyman Friday 10 February 2017 17:33 GMT Click to follow The Independent Tech The biggest phone show of the year, Mobile World Congress (MWC), will take place in Barcelona between 27 February and 2 March, providing a platform for technology giants such as Samsung, LG and Sony to unveil their latest wares.  A number of high-profile gadgets are expected to launch at MWC, including smartwatches, tablets and several flagship smartphones. Many of the companies in attendance have already sent out invitations for their respective launch events, and we’ve seen plenty of speculation about the upcoming announcements.  Our breakdown of the launches lined up for MWC 2017 follows, but first it's worth knowing what won't happen at the event. The sheer scale of MWC means that getting your head around every companies plans can be a bit of a pain. However, while the show is primarily focused around major phone launches, there will be a number of notable absentees. Apple, for instance, will not be in attendance. The company stays away from trade shows, preferring to unveil new software, MacBooks and models of the iPhone at its own events later in the year.  Google, meanwhile, will be around to plug the Android operating system by supporting its manufacturing partners. Like Apple, it will save the launch of the next version of Android and its Pixel products for another occasion. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 44 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 2/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/44 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/44 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/44 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/44 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/44 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/44 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/44 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/44 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/44 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/44 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/44 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/44 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/44 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/44 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 24/44 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 25/44 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/44 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/44 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/44 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/44 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/44 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/44 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/44 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/44 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/44 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/44 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 36/44 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 37/44 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/44 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/44 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/44 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/44 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/44 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/44 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 44/44 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital What to expect Samsung The South Korean firm usually dominates MWC, but circumstances are rather different this year. The company has decided to push back the launch of the Galaxy S8 to late March, because of the fallout surrounding the disastrous Galaxy Note 7. Instead, it’s expected to unveil a rival to the the iPad Pro in Barcelona, the Galaxy Tab S3. Set to launch at 7pm CET on 26 February, it’s unlikely to generate the same levels of interest as the S8, but could prove an excellent addition to Samsung’s range. The Tab S2 was announced back in 2015, so Samsung’s had plenty of time to think up ways to improve it. Details about the Tab S3 are hazy right now, but it’s rumoured to be just 5.6mm thick and feature a 9.6-inch screen and Android Nougat. (underKG) LG Samsung’s abnormally low-key plans open the door for another South Korean giant to take the spotlight. The LG G6 is one of the most highly anticipated phones of the year, not least because of the failure of the G5. LG took an enormous risk by making a modular flagship handset last year, and it didn’t pay off. The LG G5 was totally different to its rivals, a breath of fresh air for consumers bored of manufacturers embracing increasingly similar design schemes, but it ended up being completely overshadowed by the likes of the S7 and iPhone 7, which weren’t dissimilar to 2015’s S6 and iPhone 6. LG appears to have dropped the modular approach for the G6, which is expected to launch at 12pm CET on 26 February and use a 5.7-inch QHD display with an unusual 18:9 aspect ratio. It's also shed light on the core features it claims users most want, highlighting waterproofing, a wide-angle camera and a compact body, so it will be surprising if the G6 didn’t include all three. The latest teaser from the company points to the inclusion of an AI assistant, but we don't know whether this would be an existing one, such as Google Assistant or Alexa, or a new once created by LG itself. The Huawei P9 new phone has two cameras on the rear, to allow users to change the focus of pictures after they've been taken (Huawei) Huawei Though Huawei has sent out invitations for an event kicking off at 2pm CET on 26 February, which will see it launch “a new flagship device”, we’re not totally convinced that the P10 will see the light of day in Barcelona.  The P7, P8 and P9 were all launched after MWC, and with Huawei gaining serious ground on its more established smartphone rivals in the UK, a change in strategy doesn’t exactly seem necessary. What’s more, the excellent Mate 9 only came out last month, and the company wouldn’t want its two best smartphones to compete with each other.  Huawei could instead unveil a new tablet or wearable. A follow-up to the Huawei Watch, arguably the best-looking Android Wear watch, certainly isn’t out of the question. Nokia Nokia hasn’t given up on a dream return to greatness, and it’ll be hoping to kickstart its recovery with the launch of a handset many believe to be called the Nokia 8, at a conference lined up for 4.30pm CET on 26 February.  Rumours suggest it will have strong photography credentials, using a 24-megapixel sensor with Optical Image Stabilisation. It’s also said to feature a large QHD display, a metal body and waterproofing. Motorola Now under the control of Lenovo, the Motorola brand is a dominant force at the cheaper end of the smartphone market. It’s likely to expand the fantastic G line by launching the new G5 at MWC at 4.30pm CET on 26 February. Many of the rumours we’ve seen surrounding the phone have conflicted with each other - even the handset’s name is in doubt, with suggestions that it could actually be called the Moto X or Moto Z - so we’re not going to stick our necks on the line with this one. If the next Moto phone is anywhere near as enticing a package as the sub-£200 G4 though, consumers should be excited. Sony Sony’s smartphone strategy has been nothing short of a mess in recent years. The company has left much of the industry confused by frequent releases of both flagship and mid-range handsets, few of which have actually impressed. The latest? Unfortunately, Sony’s scattergun approach appears to still be intact. Rumours suggest it’s preparing to launch five new smartphones at MWC at an event scheduled for 8.30am on 27 February, two of which will be high-end models. One of these is largely expected to be called the Xperia X2, and come with an impressive 5.5-inch 4K screen and a possible 6GB of RAM. Another Sony handset could feature a 5.5-inch QHD screen and 4GB of RAM, while another could use a 5.2-inch 1080p screen, 4GB of RAM and a 23-megapixel primary camera. More about: MWC Samsung Sony Nokia Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements Wednesday February 8, 2017 10:03 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 23 includes fixes and improvements for Gamepads, Pointer Lock, Media, Accessibility, and Web Inspector. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's aim with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 16 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) friednoodles 2 days ago at 01:38 am Just last month Apple checked in WebRTC support into WebKit. See this changeset: https://trac.webkit.org/changeset/210942 Obviously supporting it in WebKit is only one part of the work that needs to be done (all the permissions and associated UI stuff has to be built for Safari and the OS, etc), but it's a pretty substantial part of the work. Rating: 2 Votes Dan From Canada 2 days ago at 07:44 pm I completely agree. It's worth mentioning that WebRTC is completely open as well, which in my opinion means Apple has that much more of a duty to support it. Promoting open standards is A Good Thing™. Could it be that Apple does not want to support anything that competes with Facetime? Rating: 1 Votes coolfactor 3 days ago at 01:47 pm Yeah I get your point. I guess it's a personal thing: I need it for my job pretty much everyday, so I have to use Chrome just for that specific app requiring WebRTC I think that's the best way to go. No reason you need to have one browser doing everything. Use them side-by-side like individual applications. I just wish we could configure different default browsers "per application". Rating: 1 Votes KingOfStuff 3 days ago at 12:16 pm I would very much love the ability to enable Favicons. Please at least give us the option. Rating: 1 Votes Vashetti 2 days ago at 07:10 am Still 419 out of 555 on html5test. Rating: 1 Votes arnoz 3 days ago at 01:33 pm You know, I've never really felt the need for WebRTC. I've done Hangouts for an online course, or the regular Facetime calls with my parents. But not anything remotely related to WebRTC. Yeah I get your point. I guess it's a personal thing: I need it for my job pretty much everyday, so I have to use Chrome just for that specific app requiring WebRTC Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 193 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Premium entertainment network Epix launches Apple TV app with free trial By Christian Zibreg, Feb 8, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Premium entertainment network Epix today announced its new app for the fourth-generation Apple TV is now available for download on App Store. Similar in terms of features and appearance to their iPhone and iPad app, the Apple TV app permits owners of Apple’s media-streaming box to watch live television, browse movie trailers, add videos to a queue, watch thousands of movies on demand and more. Other capabilities include curated collections, advanced search and video playback features, free sampling and more. As mentioned, non-subscribers will be treated to a limited four-week free trial of the app exclusively through Apple TV. After the free trial expires, users must sign up for Epix through a pay-TV partner. For details about signing up, visit the official Epix website. With this app, subscribers can enjoy Epix’s original series “Berlin Station” and “Graves” and documentaries like “America Divided,” more than 2,000 movies including film franchises like “The Hunger Games”, “James Bond” and “Star Trek,” as well as music and comedy events featuring Katy Perry, Louis CK, Wanda Sykes and others. “Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I’m proud to make our content available on Apple TV,” Mark Greenberg, President and CEO of Epix, said in a prepared statement. The app does not support Apple’s Single-sign on feature as of yet. Headquartered in New York City, Epix is owned by a joint venture of Viacom’s subdivision Paramount Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Lions Gate Entertainment. Their TV channel features new theatrically released motion pictures from its owners, original documentaries, music and comedy specials, TV series and more. As noted by Variety,  Lionsgate is in talks to sell its 31 percent stake in Epix to MGM and Viacom, following Lionsgate’s acquisition of Starz. Epix also has a dedicated iPhone and iPad app on App Store which contains all of the features found in its Apple TV counterpart, plus additional perks like offline viewing, 3D Touch support, Split View multitasking and picture-in-picture integration. Aside from the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV devices, Epix is available on the Xbox and PlayStation consoles, Android phones and tablets, Roku, TiVo and Android TV players, on Google’s Chromecast and via the web. Grab Epix for Apple TV from App Store at no charge. Source: Epix Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend DirecTV NOW launches on iPhone, iPad & Apple TV Cable network Starz launches $9 per month streaming package for iPhone, iPad and Apple TV Four new video providers join Single Sign-On ahead of iOS 10.2 release In time for NFL Thursday Night Football, Twitter launches live-streaming Apple TV app Related Topics App Store Apps, Apple, Apple TV, Apple TV 4, Apple TV apps, Apps, Epic, New Apps & Games, News, Streaming, Video, Video streaming   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Opinion: Failing to Diversify Hurts Companies and Shareholders subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Then One/WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Michael Connor. Michael Connor Business Date of Publication: 02.08.17. 02.08.17 Time of Publication: 1:00 pm. 1:00 pm Tech Still Doesn’t Get Diversity. Here’s How to Fix It Then One/WIRED Last month, in response to news of President Donald Trump’s controversial executive orders, Apple CEO Tim Cook stated that his company, whose founder Steve Jobs was the son of a Syrian immigrant, would not exist if the US didn’t have sound immigration policies. WIRED OPINION About Michael Connor (@NYMichaelConnor) is the executive director of Open MIC, a nonprofit working to foster vibrant and diverse media. While Apple and other American tech firms should be applauded for joining the legal fight against the executive order and making statements such as “diversity makes us stronger,” they should also use this moment as an opportunity for some much-needed self-reflection on a troubling reality: The American tech industry remains a bastion of white, male privilege. Even a cursory look at voluntary disclosures to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission by American tech firms reveals huge racial disparities in the tech workforce compared to the private sector overall. When my organization, Open MIC, reviewed data from some of the biggest tech firms, we saw a consistent pattern: overwhelming, disproportionate percentages of white employees. Adobe’s workforce is 69 percent white and Apple’s 56 percent. Google? 59 percent. Microsoft? 58 percent. The list goes on. Black people, Latinos, and Native Americans are underrepresented in tech by 16 to 18 percentage points compared with their presence in the US labor force overall. Tech companies and investors should be concerned: Evidence strongly suggests that a racially diverse tech sector could translate into stronger financial performance. A McKinsey report showed a linear relationship between racial and ethnic diversity and a company’s financial performance. “For every 10 percent increase in racial and ethnic diversity on the senior-executive team,” the report stated, “earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) rise 0.8 percent.” What’s more, companies in the top quartile in terms of racial diversity are 35 percent more likely to have higher financial returns than the national median in their industry. In fact, one study by Intel and Dalberg found that the tech industry “could generate an additional $300-$370 billion each year if the racial/ethnic diversity of tech companies’ workforces reflected that of the talent pool.” Despite this, tech companies’ efforts to address the issue, which are by no means new, have yet to result in significant change, according to our research. The industry’s fallback position has been to make investments intended to diversify the talent pipeline. However, research shows the pipeline isn’t the only problem. Case in point: Black people and Latinos earn nearly 18 percent of computer science degrees, but hold barely 5 percent of tech jobs. Meanwhile, there is no justification for the lack of diversity in the many non-technical roles—lawyers, PR staff, marketing staff, etc.—that are required to keep a tech company alive and well. The problem is evident not only when it comes to hiring, but also retention. People of color who enter the tech industry leave the field at more than 3.5 times the rate of white men. We begin to see that the tech industry must confront a larger problem of systemic racial bias. People of color report isolation, discrimination, and toxic work environments. They are promoted and paid less than their white counterparts. And they are excluded from executive level positions. In fact, fewer than 1 percent of Silicon Valley executives and managers are black, according to the EEOC. Related Stories Issie Lapowsky To Fix Inequality, Silicon Valley Needs to Share a Lot More Data LaToya Allen Dear Tech Companies: Focus on Diversity, Not Foosball Davey Alba Etsy Is Defying Tech’s Lousy Record on Gender Diversity When you stop to consider how embedded technology is in our daily lives, it’s easy to see why people like Rev. Jesse Jackson and even the EEOC have expressed concerns that the lack of diversity in the tech industry may have broader impacts such as the rising levels of inequality in the Bay Area. In order to hold tech companies accountable to making change, we need a more comprehensive set of metrics to track and measure the problems. That begins with shareholders demanding more detailed disclosures that include data aggregated by both gender and race on topics like candidate pools and hiring pipelines. As tech leaders from Ellen Pao’s Project Include and elsewhere have made clear, we also need more information on hiring and promotion rates, as well as voluntary and involuntary attrition rates. Beyond numbers, companies and their Boards of Directors also need to advance policies that have already proven successful, like developing and publicly disclosing time-bound goals for increasing racial diversity, and linking executive pay to the achievement of those goals. After publicly setting diversity goals in 2015, Pinterest, for example, boosted hiring rates of underrepresented people of color by 8 percentage points for technical roles and 5 percentage points for non-technical roles. Since then, both Microsoft and Pandora have also taken similar steps to increase their own diversity. In addition, it’s critical that companies engage white employees, especially executives, in ensuring that the responsibility to increase racial diversity falls on those who currently hold the most power and influence, rather than on the tech professionals of color who are most directly affected. And finally, more transparent and more thorough annual reporting on the status of the workforce, as well as on the status of diversity initiatives, will help ensure accountability. Absent these changes, the tech industry will continue to perpetuate existing forms of racial bias and discrimination, which pose legal, financial, and reputational risks that will persist until the industry’s policies align with its rhetoric. Now would be as good a time as ever to recommit to tackling the problem, which would send a message to the whole country that diversity is not only good for business but also worth fighting for. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Silicon Valley Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class Artificial Intelligence The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class 20 hours John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump TV John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump 15 hours The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding 3 days Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones autonomous vehicles Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones 14 hours Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix Security Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix 02.06.17 The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet military tech The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet 17 hours Say Hello to the Super-Stealthy Malware That’s Going Mainstream Security Say Hello to the Super-Stealthy Malware That’s Going Mainstream 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Artificial Intelligence The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class 20 hours Business Forget New Users. Twitter Needs to Find New Ads 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Chips Intel’s ‘New’ Factory Isn’t About Trump—It’s About Fixing Intel 2 days Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding 3 days Gadget Lab Podcast Swarm Hugs 11 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home Industry Technology Tech Fountain of Youth Isn’t Coming for Aging Companies: Gadfly Tech Fountain of Youth Isn’t Coming for Aging Companies: Gadfly Dig around on finance corners of the internet and you find people touting the logic of May-December corporate romances. By: Bloomberg | Updated: February 10, 2017 11:28 AM The experienced hand and the whippersnapper would benefit from each other’s strengths. Or so the logic goes. (Reuters) Dig around on finance corners of the internet and you find people touting the logic of May-December corporate romances. If Apple bought all or parts of Time Warner or Disney, or Amazon hitched up with Macy’s Inc., or Google owned a traditional automaker, it would be a sweeter combination than chocolate and peanut butter. The experienced hand and the whippersnapper would benefit from each other’s strengths. Or so the logic goes. The big tech companies undoubtedly consider some of these acquisitions, and one day a tech takeover in an old-guard industry will actually happen. But I have a message for anyone waiting for Tim Cook or Larry Page to ride in on a white horse with saddlebags full of money: Don’t hold your breath. A tech giant is not coming to rescue your failing industry. Healthy tech companies don’t need the baggage of owning an old and sad company. Amazon.com Inc. on its own became one of the biggest sellers of clothing and accessories in the world. It didn’t need to tap merchandising expertise from Macy’s or the company’s relationships with apparel brands to get there. Amazon is opening its own bookstores and a tech twist on the convenience store, again from scratch. It didn’t need to buy American Apparel’s stores or Sears to do it. In entertainment, the success of Netflix Inc. shows you don’t need to buy a media company to become a media company. Netflix went around to the same producers, writers and directors already creating TV shows and movies for Time Warner and Sony and paid them to make TV shows or movies for Netflix. Poof. Netflix built an entertainment empire. (Mind you, this wasn’t cheap for Netflix.) Also Watch: Apple’s $246 billion stockpile of cash and securities is nearly equivalent to the combined stock market values of Time Warner and Disney. But like Netflix before it, Apple Inc. is assembling pieces for a music and digital video empire on its own.  It doesn’t have to buy a media company to do it. Look at the companies Apple, Alphabet Inc.’s Google, Amazon and Microsoft Corp. have bought in their histories. Apple tends to buy companies you’ve never heard of — PrimeSense for motion detection, fingerprint-sensor firm AuthenTec and the company behind Siri, for example — to add promising young technology or expertise to its ranks. Amazon’s largest corporate takeovers were to acquire a video streaming company, industrial robot manufacturer Kiva, and two niche e-commerce websites in Zappos and the parent company of Diapers.com. There is nothing close to a traditional retailer in Amazon’s acquisition history. Google likewise tends to buy emerging technologies such as YouTube, Waze, Nest and DoubleClick to branch into new areas. Also Watch: The one area where tech companies do seem to splurge on an older industry is mobile phones. Google in 2011 announced its biggest-ever acquisition for Motorola Mobility, and Microsoft in 2014 struck a $9.4 billion deal for the mobile business at 150-year-old Nokia, which made rubber boots and paper pulp in its early life. Those forays into older industries did not end well for either company. Google dumped Motorola within a couple of years, and Microsoft admitted it overpaid by $7.5 billion for Nokia. Maybe self-driving cars will be one of the few areas where the expertise of an old industry can help the young pups in tech, and an acquisition will help. Or maybe Google, Apple and Uber can continue to hire every automotive engineer they can find and spend billions of dollars each year on research and development to build their own car businesses in house without splurging on an automaker. We’ll see. The beginning of the year is always a season of hope for mergers and acquisitions. This reminder is timely, then, that tech companies don’t need to buy your falling-down companies. Sorry. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Fitness News / LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: Which should you buy? LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: Which should you buy? by Joe Roberts 08 February 2017 0 shares Read Comments LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: Google has teamed up with LG to deliver the first smartwatches to feature the new Android Wear 2.0 OS. But is it enough to stand out from the might Apple Watch 2? Here's all you need to know. The first Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches have arrived in the form of the LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport – both designed in collaboration with Google. With smartwatches yet to fully enter the mainstream, has Google and LG's collaboration done enough to finally break the barrier? Well, before we start worrying about that, we might as well compare the LG Watch Style with the Apple Watch 2, right? To do so, here are the burning questions that need tackling: How are their designs different? Which has the better screen? How do they compare for performance and OS? When are they released and how much will they cost? Which of these smartwatches is best for you?If you're desperate to get an answer to that last question, head on down to the summary at the end. Otherwise, let the comparisons begin! Related: MWC 2017 LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: How are their designs different? The LG Watch Style has been designed to appeal to those not necessarily interested in all the fitness elements that sportier wearables are (literally) weighed down by. According to LG, it's a "small, slim and stylish Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch that is cleverly designed for urban trendsetters." With its slim design, you should be able to set your "trends" with ease, thanks to the 10.79mm thickness. By comparison, the Apple Watch 2, which comes in a choice of 38mm or 42mm widths, is 11.4mm thick. LG's offering also comes in three different colour options: Silver, Titanium and Rose Gold, and, like the Apple Watch, allows you to use interchangeable "snap-and-swap" straps. Related: Apple Watch 2 vs Apple Watch The Watch Style is built from the same stainless steel as the Apple Watch 2, though you can also get the Apple Watch in a cheaper aluminium version. Unlike Apple's device, however, the Watch Style is only IP67 rated for waterproofing. That means it'll survive if you get caught in the rain, but you don't want to take it swimming with you. The Apple Watch, on the other hand, is water resistant down to 50m, and comes with some swim-tracking software, too. While the most obvious design difference between the two is the shape of the watch face – circular on the Watch Style, and a rounded rectangle on the Apple Watch – both feature a physical "crown" on the right-hand side. LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: Which has the better screen? As mentioned, the LG Watch Style comes with a circular watch face, which gives it a resolution of 360 x 360 with a pixel density of 299ppi (pixels per inch). That should make for a pretty sharp picture on the 1.2-inch display. Apple's got LG beat in this department, however – although only slightly. The Apple Watch 42mm comes with a 1.65-inch display with a 390 x 312 resolution and a 303ppi density. That said, the 38mm version of the Apple Watch 2 comes with a lower pixel density of 290ppi. Related: Best smartwatch In reality, there should be very little difference between LG's and Apple's smartwatches in terms of display, especially considering that both use OLED technology. That means that each individual pixel emits its own lights, making for better energy efficiency and deeper blacks. Another slight difference between the two watches is the fact that LG has opted for Gorilla Glass 3 to protect its display, while the Apple has a sapphire crystal. LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: How does their performance compare? The big selling point of the LG Watch Style is the fact that, along with the LG Watch Sport, it's the first smartwatch to come with the newly launched Android Wear 2.0 operating system. The OS comes with a load of extras including new Complications, which allows third-party apps to display information on the watch face itself. Notifications have been streamlined this time around, too, plus Google's Material Design has been applied to the whole thing, with the addition of an action and navigation drawer. Apple's wearable, on the other hand, runs watchOS 3, which now allows developers to keep their apps in the Apple Watch 2’s memory once opened, meaning they open up many times faster than before. There's also a ton of new watch faces, and the OS is, overall, a huge improvement over Apple's previous efforts. Which you prefer will largely depend on which you're most used to, and whether you have an iPhone or Android smartphone. One area that's easier to compare is the hardware itself. While LG's wearable comes with a 1.1GHz Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor backed up by 512MB of RAM, Apple's Apple S2 chipset powers the Apple Watch 2, along with either 512GB or 1GB of RAM (this is yet to be confirmed). There's also built-in NFC in the Watch Style, so Android Pay can now be used with the wearable. These specs should make for speedy performance in both cases, although we're yet to test out the LG Watch Style. One benefit of using the LG Watch is that you'll be able to hook it up to either an iPhone or Android smartphone. Here's what LG has to say about it: “Another improvement which should open the device to a whole new range of potential wearers is that the watch is compatible with iOS. This means you can combine the benefits of an Apple smartphone with the excellence of LG’s cutting-edge wearable device, regardless of which OS your smartphone is running." Naturally, Apple wouldn't ever allow something as useful as that on its own smartwatch, so you'll need to own an iPhone to make use of the Apple Watch 2. Here's a full spec rundown: Apple Watch 2 (42mm) LG Watch Style Display 1.65-inch AMOLED – 390 x 312 pixels (303ppi) 1.2-inch P-OLED – 360 x 360 pixels (299ppi) Size 42.5 x 36.4 x 11.4 mm 42.3 x 45.7 x 10.79mm Chipset Apple S2 Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 (1.1GHz) Materials Stainless Steel or Aluminium with Sapphire Crystal glass 316L Stainless Steel and Gorilla Glass 3 Straps Numerous styles available Italian Genuine Leather straps RAM 512MB or 1GB (TBC) 512MB Storage 4GB 4GB Battery Size Non-removable (up to 18 hours – claimed) 240mAh Connectivity Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Ambient Light Sensor, Heart-rate Sensor Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Ambient Light Sensor Colours Gold, Rose Gold, Space Grey and Silver Silver, Titanium, Rose Gold Wireless Charging? Yes Yes Waterproof? Up to 50 metres IP67-certified LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: What's their release date and pricing? Those of you over in the US will be able to get your hands on the LG Watch Style (and Sport) from February 10 for $249. Just head over to Best Buy or the Google Store to pick up the Style. LG has also confirmed that customers in the UK, Canada, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, and the UAE will be able to purchase both watches at carriers and retailers “in the coming weeks”. The Apple Watch 2, of course, is already on sale. Prices start at £369/$369, which makes the LG seem very good value indeed. LG Watch Style vs Apple Watch 2: Conclusion If you're rocking an Android phone, the LG is the obvious choice here. We're yet to try out the LG Watch Style, so obviously we can't say for sure whether it's as good as the Apple, but the LG is the only one of the two to work with both Android and iOS. It seems Google and LG have done a decent job of providing a sleek-looking, functional smartwatch, but at this point it's too early to say for sure. iPhone owners and keen swimmers should probably stick with Apple. The Apple Watch 2's better water resistance makes it more versatile for people who want a smartwatch for both the office and the gym. Also, history tells us that, even though the LG works with iPhones, you'll get a more seamless experience by sticking to the Apple ecosystem. We'll have a more certain conclusion once we've got our hands on the LG Watch Style, so stay tuned. Related: LG Watch Sport vs LG Watch Style WATCH: Apple Watch Series 2 Review Let us know which you think comes out on top in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Colin February 9, 2017, 6:53 am Has to be the LG for me, as I think the AW is just too ugly to wear on my wrist. However, I still prefer the Gear 3 best looking of them all and I love the bezel control, smooth lag free operation and tons of great watch faces. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Android The 7 best new features in Android Wear 2.0 watches New, 23 comments by Dieter Bohn@backlon Feb 8, 2017, 12:00pm EST share tweet Linkedin Android Wear 2.0 is available now — at least in the form of two new smartwatches from LG. But it’s also coming to a pretty big list of existing Android Wear watches — and future smartwatch releases (though fewer than you might think, since HTC and Motorola have officially bowed out of making them for the time being). If you have one of those watches, you’ll probably want this upgrade, which is slowly rolling out over the next few months. If you don’t have them — will Android Wear 2.0 be the thing that convinces you? Well, no, probably not. But that’s okay — if we’ve learned anything over the past year it’s that smartwatches have found their purpose. They’re mostly good for notifications, fitness tracking, and little bits of information on the watchface. If that sounds useful to you, you will be happy to learn that Android Wear 2.0 is better than ever at them, arguably on par with the Apple Watch in some cases. These watches can almost live without your phone The big news with Android Wear 2.0 is that these watches are moving ever closer to becoming standalone devices. They’ll work with either Android phones or iPhones, and because they have their own Wi-Fi (and sometimes LTE!), they can go on and get apps and do stuff even if they’re paired to Apple’s locked-down devices. (The biggest thing Android Wear 2.0 can’t do is work with iMessage.) We’ll have a full review of the software soon, but for now think of it this way: it’s gone from being a teenager with a learner’s permit to having a real driver’s license. It’s not quite all grown up and ready to face the world, but it’s at least able to handle itself without needing constant supervision. So here are our favorite features of Android Wear 2.0. Some of them are kind of surprising — who knew a tiny keyboard would actually work in a pinch? Simpler navigation If there’s a big theme with smartwatches in the past year, it’s that their first incarnations were way, way too complicated. Apple figured this out the hard way — having to pare down its initial, high-flying claims about the future of wearable computing to something a little more simple. Google, luckily, never promised that Android Wear would change the entire world. But it did make a UI that gave us way too many options: long-press for one thing, swipe over for another, swipe again for contacts, swipe down for this, up for that, and so on and so on. It was easy to forget what to do and how to do it. With 2.0, Wear is a lot simpler. Swiping left and right switches watchfaces, which is easier and something you’ll want to do more often. Swiping up brings up your notifications, swiping down a little setting shade. You hit the main button to launch the simple app list or long-press it to launch Google Assistant. And that’s kind of it — if you want to do something more complicated, you can launch an app or set something as a custom complication on your watchface. The new UI focuses Wear down to just the stuff that people actually want to do with a smartwatch, and leaves the harder stuff out of your way. It’s there for people who want to set it up, but totally ignorable for people who don’t want to bother. Last but not least, Wear 2.0 supports “rotational” input, in case your watch has a crown you want to spin or a watch bezel you want to twirl. Customizable watchfaces Android Wear has always had an advantage over the Apple Watch in that you could download and use any number of third-party watchfaces. And despite (or maybe because) of the thousands of options, finding the right one was always a little difficult. Some were too nerdy or just too ugly, most were about 10 degrees off from what you really want. So you’d end up installing one of several apps that let you create your own — and in the process discover that your ability to design a nice-looking watchface was far exceeded by your ability to see that you are not a designer. And so you got ugly watchfaces. With Wear 2.0, you can customize the in-built watchfaces directly from the watch, and there are way more options than there used to be. You can easily change colors, complications, backgrounds, and much more. It will probably take a minute for watchface designers to release faces that work with the new system, but when they do we should be able to have round watchfaces that actually look decent while giving us the information we want — all without requiring a degree in both computer engineering and graphic design. Third-party complications This is the big deal for a lot of Android Wear users. As with custom watchfaces, it always seemed like you could get this close to designing the face that you want on your own, only to have some critical element like the weather, time zones, steps, or something else missing. All that should be fixed now. App developers can make complications available to any watchface, and they can both display information and launch apps. In lieu of an impossible (and impossibly slow) contact list, you can just put your favorite contacts right in a complication to send them a quick text. We’ve only been able to test out a handful of these complications, but they work like they’re supposed to. They’re little circles of key information, displayed decently. Hopefully more will be on their way soon. The best part? They work when the screen is in ambient mode, so you can always see them. Apps without your phone This might seem like a weird thing to be excited about, but having the Google Play Android app store directly on the watch is a Big Deal. It means that iPhone users will be able to do much more on their smartwatches without getting blocked by Apple’s restrictions. Because these smartwatches are just Android devices, they don’t have to follow Apple’s rules if they’re paired to an iPhone. There are benefits for Android users, too: namely you can choose which apps you want on your watch separately from what’s on your phone. So for me, I have The Weather Channel installed on my watch because it offers a watchface complication, but Dark Sky on my phone because I prefer its rain alerts. And I can finally (finally!) avoid having Delta’s hot garbage smartwatch app installed on my watch. Good riddance tiny QR code that I will never use taking over my watch screen. Oh, and browsing or searching for apps directly on the watchface is as awkward and weird as you would guess. But the good news is you don’t have to do it on the watch. You can just go to the Google Play website on your desktop, find the app you want on your watch, and click a button there to have it installed on its own. Google Fit seems way better Now that Google has figured out what people actually want to do with their smartwatches, it’s beefing up one of the most important features: fitness. Google Fit on Wear 2.0 has a bunch of new exercise options, and some of them even offer guided “challenges.” Select “Push-up challenge” or “Squat challenge” and the watch will show you a little animation of the proper form and then monitor your actual exercise with its motion sensors. More sensor options than ever Watch makers have just a boggling number of connectivity options when they make Android Wear 2.0 devices. These smartwatches all have Bluetooth, of course, but they can also feature Wi-Fi, LTE, GPS, NFC, and heart rate sensors. Maybe more. Google says that Android Wear will automatically select the best internet connectivity option available to it, depending on the circumstance. Sometimes that’ll be Bluetooth from your phone, sometimes it’ll just straight up be LTE directly from the watch. LG’s Sport and Style smartwatches are basically at the two extreme ends of the spectrum. The Sport is a beast with everything possible in it, including LTE for streaming music during your run so you don’t have to fuss with remembering to load up the smartwatch with songs before you set out. (It will also let you make calls and send texts — and on some carriers it’ll do so with the same phone number as your phone.) The Style, on the other hand, is bare-bones. It has Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, but nothing else. That keeps it skinny, but it also means you’re not going to be making any Android Pay transactions with it. Sending messages Replying to message is a key part of a smartwatch, and Google has done a good job of improving those tools in Wear 2.0. For apps custom-designed for Wear, you can tap a little reply button right in the notification. For the rest, you can still reply with a tap and a swipe (it uses whatever it built into your phone’s notification tray). iPhone users will have fewer options. But when it comes time to actually send the message, Google is using the “Smart Reply” feature we’ve seen in Inbox and Allo. The default replies are contextually aware — so Slack replies are more likely to be about work and messaging replies sent at the end of the working day are more likely to be about agreeing to go to the store to pick up milk. Want to compose your own message? Google has included two text-entry options above and beyond what was already there (voice input and emoji). You can draw out characters and it works pretty accurately. But the biggest surprise is there’s an option to use an itty-bitty QWERTY keyboard. It seems ridiculous (it’s kind of ridiculous), but instead of tapping at insanely tiny keys you swipe your finger to type in the words. And... it’s accurate — like shockingly accurate, and we found ourselves actually using this dinky little keyboard way more than we expected. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 66. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News iPhone 8 release date - Apple's new smartphone could be launching sooner than you think iPhone 8 release date - Apple's new smartphone could be launching sooner than you think THE Apple iPhone 8 looks set to feature some radical changes and this new smartphone could get its grand unveiling earlier than originally expected. By Dave Snelling / Published 8th February 2017 GETTY RELEASE: Apple's iPhone 8 could be coming sooner than you think The iPhone has just celebrated its 10th birthday and it's thought Apple could be planning something big to mark this special year. Rumours are rife that Apple's iPhone 8 will feature a curved edge-to-edge display that will cover almost the entire front of the device. The famous home button could also be removed and embedded under the display, plus there's sure to be an improved camera and faster processor tucked inside the new design. Even Apple boss Tim Cook has fuelled speculation about Apple’s product roadmap for the next year. During the company’s quarterly earnings call last week, Cook said: “I think the smartphone is still in the early innings of the game, “I think there’s lots more to do. Every year, I think it becomes more important to people’s lives, there’s more things people are doing with it.” Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photographs, concept images and renders Friday, 6th January 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button 1 / 10 VENIAMIN GESKIN • TWITTER • CONCEPT IMAGES Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display and no physical Home Button Now to add to the excitement a report has suggested the iPhone 8 could be coming soon. Apple always launches its flagship device in September but this year could be different with the US tech giant thought to be starting production of its new smartphone much earlier. According to analysts from BlueFin Research Partners, there is "some indication" that Apple will ramp up production of the new phone with the device beginning its route to market in June. There's a number of reasons why Apple could be producing the iPhone 8 earlier this year. Firstly, it's thought that due to the complicated design, and possible inclusion of an AMOLED display, the new iPhone could take longer to build. If the design is so radically different, Apple will also want to have plenty of these shiny new devices in shops. But some are also speculating that the iPhone 8 will actually launch before its usual September date.    GETTY Apple iPhone 8 Last year Apple surprised fans by launching its iPhone SE in the Spring. This phone brought flagship specs at a much lower price and has proven to be incredibly popular. The US tech giant is notorious for keeping its launch dates under wraps until a few weeks before the event. So fans are unlikely to know when the iPhone 8 will get its official unveiling until much later this year. But, if the rumours are true, it could be an exciting time for lovers of the iPhone with radical changes looking almost certain for Apple's next flagship. Related articles iPhone 8 release - proof that Apple is working on a new flexible phone for the future Samsung S7 edge Android Nougat UPDATE - Why this latest upgrade is already out of date Comments Tech News More Your Kodi box could get you arrested - five users charged over illegal streaming IF YOU use a Kodi box to illegally stream content, you could have the police knocking at your door with five users already being arrested. iPhone 8 release date - major new feature means future iPhone ... New iPad Pro release date - Apple could launch revamped super ... WhatsApp UPDATE - Bet you didn't know this could happen to you... Android Wear 2.0 release UPDATE - Apple Watch rival just added... Samsung Galaxy S8 release date, specs, features and everything... Leaked Samsung Galaxy S8 photo shows off stunning new iPhone-b... How to download YouTube videos - there's now an easier way to ... Sky, Virgin Media and BT price rise - Broadband bills rocket b... Tech News More iPhone 8 release date - Apple's new smartphone could be launching sooner than you think THE Apple iPhone 8 looks set to feature some radical changes and this new smartphone could get its grand unveiling earlier than originally expected. Samsung Galaxy S8 release date – Why owning this phone could l... Watch porn? Popular TV has been tracking everything you view a... End of The Pirate Bay? Virgin Media and Sky customers have 20 ... Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 - Best deals and how to get Galaxy S7 E... Samsung S7 edge Android Nougat UPDATE - Why this latest upgrad... Would you snitch on bad drivers to earn £10 with this new app? Amazon Echo UPDATE - Meet the hidden feature you’ll really wis... iPhone 8 release - proof that Apple is working on a new flexib... Tech News More Samsung Galaxy S8 release date - Pictures tease radical redesign and major new feature SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 looks set to be to released in March and if new leaks are to be trusted this will be a dramatically different device. Apple’s latest must-have gadget has been given a major redesign Playing GTA 5 could be about to cost you £230 - here’s why Samsung Galaxy S8 release - flagship iPhone rival could be unv... New Facebook scam lets hackers copy your name and pictures to ... Watching this video will make you never want to get in a car a... iPhone 8 release - Apple CEO Tim Cook teases ‘exciting things’... This new Facebook feature will make it impossible to escape yo... Samsung Galaxy S8 to copy Apple's iPhone 7 with this major new... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Other Racing Boxing UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV Big Brother X Factor Strictly Music Movies Britain's Got Talent I'm A Celebrity Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Love & Sex Diet & Fitness Fashion & Beauty Health Just Jane Horoscopes Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology iPhone 8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know A concept of the iPhone 8 Credit: ConceptsiPhone Telegraph Reporters 8 February 2017 • 5:37pm It's been a decade since the first iPhone was released, but Apple still brings out a new phone every year and 2017 is set to be no different. However, this year could well mark a radical change for the iPhone, as Apple seeks to wow users with a 10th anniversary device that takes it in a new direction. The iPhone 8 - if indeed it is called that - has been rumoured to include features such as wireless charging, an edge-to-edge display and - for the first time - no home button. Here's what we're expecting. What will it be called? Apple has followed a pretty familiar pattern since it released the iPhone 3G way back in 2008. It releases a new phone with a major cosmetic change one year and then follows a year later with an improved "s" model. The last iPhone was the iPhone 7 so by that logic the next one will be called the iPhone 7s. However, there are reasons to suggest it could change this year. For one thing, last year's iPhone 7 was less of a radical departure from the iPhones of the previous two years, at least appearance-wise. If Apple does choose to introduce a brand new design, it probably wouldn't want to call it the 7s. iPhone 8 might make more sense. iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about The other reason it might not be called the 7s is that Apple might want to make a splash for its 10th anniversary iPhone. One rumoured name is the iPhone X. This makes some sense - few series make it into double digits before changing their naming conventions (iPhone 13?) - so at some point a change seems likely. There's a precedent here in Apple's Mac operating system - it went 1,2,3 and so on up until it became OS X. When will it be released? Apple has developed a pretty reliable release pattern. A new iPhone tends to be unveiled in early September, either on a Tuesday or Wednesday. iPhone evolution Perhaps by coincidence, it often tends to be the week after IFA, a big technology conference in Germany, which this year starts on September 1. That means the best guess is Tuesday September 5 or Wednesday September 6. Because the Monday is a US holiday, the Wednesday might be more likely. The phone then tends to go on sale a week or two later on a Friday, so September 15 or 22 are the best bets. Pre-orders tend to open a week before they go on sale. iPhone release dates What will it be like? The Apple rumour mill never sleeps, so although its release is not for months, there is already a steady stream of rumours and possible leaks filtering out. Many of them should be taken with a pinch of salt - Apple tests a lot of designs - but some consistent themes have emerged, enough to take a reasonable guess. Three different phones? For the last three years, Apple has released two phones, a 4.7-inch screen and a "Plus" 5.5-inch screen. But the rumour mill suggests a new high-end phone might be in the works this year. The third model may have an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen, as opposed to the LCD screens on current iPhones. OLED is an upgrade on LCD in many ways, improving brightness and viewing angles, and is already used in devices such as Samsung's Galaxy S7. If Apple does introduce a new premium phone, some of the features that are rumoured for the iPhone 8 may only apply to that model. Edge-to-edge display It has long been an ambition of Sir Jony Ive, Apple's design chief, to make an iPhone that looks like one piece of glass, with a screen that covers the whole of the front of the phone. Rumours suggest this might finally come to fruition with the new iPhone. The phone may replace the aluminium frame with a glass back, and have a screen that curves around the sides of the phone. This could allow Apple to increase the screen size of the iPhone without increasing its actual footprint - so 5-inch and 5.8-inch screens have been rumoured. Another iPhone 8 concept Credit: ConceptsiPhone This would require the front-facing camera to be built into the screen, not to mention... No home button The home button has been a feature of every iPhone since the first one 10 years ago, but Apple may be in a position to get rid of it. It has already introduced advanced pressure-detection technology with 3D Touch, and last year's iPhone 7 had a solid-state home button that vibrates instead of clicks. The iPhone screen now also wakes up when the phone is picked up, so there is less need to click a physical home button. Apple has patented a way of embedding Touch ID, its fingerprint reading technology, in the screen, so that might solve security issues. Wireless charging Batteries are still the big problem with mobile phones - as good as they are, most still last just a day - and battery tech is only making incremental progress. This means manufacturers have focused on technology such as fast charging as a compromise. But Apple could go one better and allow wireless charging. Apple famously removed the iPhone 7's headphone jack, which meant users could not listen to wired headphones and charge their phone through the Lightning port at the same time. Removing the second part of that equation might make sense. Wireless charging technology demonstrated by Energous Credit: Energous Some phones and devices like the Apple Watch already use charging that requires the device to be placed on a inductive pad. Apple going one further and allowing true wireless charging that beams power from the socket would be a real breakthrough. Everything else Many of the upgrades we've come to expect from the iPhone - a more powerful processor, a better camera and so on - can also be expected. It will also run a new version of iOS, number 11. We're likely to get more details on that at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference which will probably be held in June. Apples iPhone: a definitive history in pictures   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Apple iPhone iOS Show more Technology latest Gallery 11 Feb 2017, 9:20am Gallery: The top 20 Valentine's Day songs on Spotify 04:39 10 Feb 2017, 10:00pm Apple boss Tim Cook: The British are going to be just fine after Brexit 10 Feb 2017, 10:00pm Fake news is killing people's minds, says Apple boss Tim Cook 10 Feb 2017, 3:20pm Snapchat to create its own original series as it expands 'Shows' platform 10 Feb 2017, 12:00pm Pimlico Plumber worker should be paid sick pay, court rules in landmark gig economy case 10 Feb 2017, 10:40am Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, specs and price 10 Feb 2017, 9:22am French man blames Uber for breaking up marriage after glitch let wife follow his every move Gallery 10 Feb 2017, 7:56am Gallery: Obsolete technologies that will baffle modern children - in pictures  10 Feb 2017, 7:25am Apple's Tim Cook tells Theresa May he is 'very optimistic' about post-Brexit UK at Downing Street meeting 01:31 10 Feb 2017, 6:09am Who was Carmen Miranda and what were her most notable songs? 09 Feb 2017, 5:04pm Government funds research into social media hate crime after Brexit vote 09 Feb 2017, 2:10pm Twitter misses out on ‘Trump bump’ as shares plummet and losses widen 09 Feb 2017, 10:27am Samsung factory that made 'exploding' Note 7 batteries catches fire 09 Feb 2017, 8:00am Comment: Hashtags are dead - and we killed them James Titcomb Premium 09 Feb 2017, 8:00am Mobile app that replaces the pill approved as contraceptive - can you trust it? 09 Feb 2017, 12:01am The best place to work in the tech industry for maximum pay 08 Feb 2017, 2:00pm Facebook to let users offer food and shelter to disaster victims 08 Feb 2017, 10:44am What is fake news? Its origins and how it grew in 2016 08 Feb 2017, 9:11am This app will tell you if you smell - even if your friends won't Gallery 08 Feb 2017, 7:19am Gallery: Funny Google Street View images 01:33 08 Feb 2017, 6:00am Sundar Pichai's rise to fame in 90 seconds If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 9to5Toys Last Call: Fossil Q Smartwatches from $131, Tile Tracker 4-pack $70, Lexar 256GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive $40, more Trevor Daugherty - Feb. 8th 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Green Deals: certified refurb ecobee3 Smart Thermostat w/ warranty $179 shipped (Orig. $249), more Start the day on the right side of the bed with a Philips Wake-Up Light for $50 shipped (Reg. 70) Valentine’s Day Deal Roundup: Up to 56% off flower arrangements and more Automate your home with an Alexa-enabled TP-Link Smart Plug for $35 (Reg. $50) Gameband is an wearable that lets you play Atari classics on its AMOLED display Uuni Pro is the wood-burning pizza oven of our dreams, hits Indiegogo with instant success Here’s the first trailer for The LEGO NINJAGO Movie coming out later this year [Video] Chameleon Run and its addictive, high-paced platforming go free on the App Store(Reg. $2) Get ready NES fans, a brand new animated Castlevania series will be hitting Netflix this year Bundle and save with the Foscam Indoor 720P IP Camera + TP-Link Smart Plug for $60 Control your Hue lights, Sonos, iPhone and more with this beautiful wooden remote Amazon’s 1-day Jewelry sale for Valentine’s Day: up to 50% off Michael Kors, many more Fossil is discounting its stylish Q Smartwatches for iOS/Android by 25% (or more!), prices start at $131 shipped Get the Tile Mate & Slim Combo Pack or Tile Slim 4-pack for $70 shipped (Reg. up to $100), an all time low! Daily Deals: Lexar 256GB JumpDrive USB 3.0 Flash Drive $40, Belkin NFC Enabled Bluetooth Music Receiver $20, more Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro is discounted by $150 at Target, score the Wi-Fi 32GB model for $450 shipped Target takes $70 off Apple Watch Series 1 as third-party Nike look-alike Sport Bands drop to $6 Prime shipped Save up to $150 off no-contract iPhones at Boost Mobile: grab an iPhone 7 for just $450 shipped, more Apple’s 21-inch Retina 4K iMac is marked down to $1,110 shipped as a cert. refurb w/ warranty (Orig. $1,499) 9to5Rewards: NES Classic Edition Bundle Giveaway w/ extra controller, Zelda backpack, 2x Mario amiibo & more ($150+ value) 12 superstar Mac apps incl. Launchbar, NotePlan, Command One PRO, more: $13 (and rising! Orig. $387) App Store Free App of the Week: the gorgeous Roofbot puzzler goes free (Reg. $3) The twitchy iOS racer Lane Splitter goes free for the first time in years (Reg. $1) Secret of Mana goes 50% off: the iOS version of the SNES classic is now just $4 (Reg. $8) The colorful puzzler Swapperoo for iOS drops to $1 for the first time in nearly a year (Reg. $3) Hands-on with Elago’s $15 Macintosh-inspired W3 Apple Watch Stand [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Amazon is offering 20% off select gift cards today including Domino’s and Kripsy Kreme + up to 15% off Airbnb, CVS and more Enhance your living room with the VIZIO Smartcast 45” 5.1-Ch. Slim Sound Bar System for $300 Sony’s Ultra-Portable Bluetooth Speaker has been marked down to $35 (Reg. $65+) Brain.fm’s AI-Powered Audio Tracks Will Focus Your Mind: Lifetime Subscriptions $35 Smartphone Accessories: Mpow iPhone/Android Mount w/ Suction Cup $10 (Reg. $14), more Games/Apps: Rayman Legends $14, iOS freebies, more Print, scan, and copy in color: Ricoh Wireless Laser All-in-One for $135 (Reg. $190) Samsung Curved 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV w/ HDR + 4 HDMI inputs: $1,349 (Reg. $2,000) The New York Times is now offering a digital subscription + Spotify Premium for $5/week Amazon is offering this DEWALT 118-Piece Mechanics Tool Set at its all-time low: $90 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Nomad has launched its Warehouse Clearance Sale, taking 75% off popular accessories: Stand for Apple Watch $10, more Stock up on Anker accessories up to 40% off: iPhone 7 Clear Case $6, 2-pack Screen Protectors $6, Lightning/USB-C Cables, more Samsung’s 65-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV is on sale at Best Buy for $900 (Reg. $1,100) Go big or go home: Sharp’s 65-inch Curved 4K Smart Ultra HDTV is marked down to $1,149 shipped (Reg. $1,500+) Grab these Luvvitt Cases for $4 Prime shipped (Reg. $10): iPhone 7/6/s/Plus, iPad Pro, more Sperry’s Clearance Sale takes up to 75% off The Nyko Wireless MiniBoss: $15 Amazon’s Lightning Dock for $38.50 (Reg. $60) Mpow Solar Outdoor LED Light bundles from $16 Garmin 630 GPS Watch for $200 Time for $5 Blu-Rays at Amazon! PlayStation Digital Ubisoft & Anime Sales 64-oz Stanley Classic Vacuum Growler is down to $25 Vudu offers your choice of five HD movies for $20 Samsung’s Gear VR 360 High Res Camera for $226 Nab yourself a Case Logic MacBook Backpack for $18 Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Bluetooth Headphones $17 The Thermos Insulated 16-oz Stainless Steel Beverage Bottle: $18 Cuisinart’s best-selling 15-Piece Stainless Steel Knife Block Set $40 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Jiffy Lube, Lowe’s + many more Sony Bluetooth Headphones $68 Exclusive discount on leather/wood/more Colorware skins KMASHI 10000mAh Dual USB Power Bank $9, more 8-Pack Sharpies $10, Handheld Label Maker $10, more 64GB Moto Z down to $450 (Reg. $600, Tax NY only) Free Kindle eBooks: HTML & CSS or Java & Python Two months of the Wall Street Journal for just $1 LEGO Battle on Takodana Building Set $35.50 12-pack Philips LED A19 60W Light Bulbs $26.50 Bonavita 8-Cup Coffee Brewer: $107 Polk’s 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System is on sale for $130 Stanley 4-Gallon Stainless Steel Vac is down to $20 LED Desk Lamp for $16 (Orig. $40) Vansky’s flexible LED strips, from $18 Sony support for external hard drives on PlayStation 4 Sennheiser HD 461 headphones w/ audio & call controls $40 Fujitsu rechargeable battery bundle $26 , more Aukey 2.4A Dual-USB Wall Charger $6 LG’s OLED TV 4K 55-inch Smart model for $1,499 Pad & Quill 20% off all leather/linen iPad gear NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Line-us lets you sketch on real paper with its robotic arm all from your iPhone, iPad and Mac Renogy reveals new Phoenix Solar Panel Generator Kit wrapped in a compact design Amazon’s Alexa is now available on Android devices thanks to the Logitech Ping is a GPS-enabled tracker that allows monitoring of all your important gear from an iPhone TomTom introduces the Touch Cardio, its new fitness tracker with heart rate monitoring Vintage gamers are definitely going to want to check out these epic Art of Atari books DACBerry ONE brings analog and digital audio improvements to all Raspberry Pi models Rocket League is getting its own amiibo-style race car toys with in-game integration and more Growler Chill brings the full bar tap experience to your home with iPhone-control Logitech’s new Spotlight Remote brings Apple design-cues to a presentation near you Airbus is building an incredible flying electric taxi and we’re freaking out [Video] Jollylook is the Polaroid instant camera for vintage-enthusiasts This fan-made Mega Man 2.5D game adds a whole new perspective to the Blue Bomber Vespa’s creator set to unveil futuristic two-wheeled autonomous rolling backpack Raybaby keeps an eye on your baby and even monitors breathing without wires or straps Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 Apple Pay adds support for 25+ more U.S. banks & credit unions Jordan Kahn - Feb. 8th 2017 8:52 am PT @JordanKahn Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple today updated its list of Apple Pay banks and card issuers to note the addition of over 25 additional banks and credit unions in the US that now support the service. Russia also picks up one new bank today with the addition of B&N Bank (Mastercard credit and debit cards, including cards issued by MDM Bank). And Switzerland adds support for boon. by Wirecard. During the company’s fiscal Q1 earnings call late last month, Apple said that Apple Pay users have tripled with transaction volume up 500% year-over-year. It also noted the adoption of Apple Pay on the web, which allows retailers to integrate Apple Pay into website checkouts, as it announced that Comcast is planning to add support for bill payments. There are now over 2 million small businesses using Apple Pay on the web since its launch last fall, according to the company. In other Apple Pay news, Apple is currently fighting with Australian lawmakers over what it says is an attempt by Australian banks to “delay or even block” the rollout of the payment service there. In addition to the US, Apple Pay is also now available in Canada, France, Russia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Australia, Mainland China, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Singapore, Japan, and most recently Spain. As always, Apple maintains its list of supported banks and credit unions by country on its website. The full list of newly added U.S. banks and credit unions supporting Apple Pay is below. Abri Credit Union Apple Bank for Savings Biddeford Savings Bank BMW Bank of North America Carroll County Trust Company Consumers National Bank Delta Community Credit Union First American Bank First Bank (AK) FNBT Bank Greenfield Cooperative Bank Kaw Valley Bank Macon Bank & Trust Co. MidUSA Credit Union Northpointe Bank Nymeo Oak Trust Credit Union Ollo Card Services One Nevada Credit Union Richland State Bank River Valley Community Bank Seasons Federal Credit Union SMW Federal Credit Union Texans Credit Union The Seymour Bank Timberland Bank Wiregrass Federal Credit Union Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google says 'Android Wear is not a hobby' It's committed to its software for wearables, releasing a long-time-coming update Wednesday. Execs also answer our questions about a Google-branded watch. Juan Garzón / CNET Wearable Tech by Richard Nieva February 8, 2017 9:00 AM PST @richardjnieva Google is committed to Android Wear, says VP It took awhile, but Android Wear 2.0 is officially here. And Google wants everyone to know the company will keep pushing forward with its smartwatch dreams. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:16 Close Drag Even if you buy into Tim Cook's pitch that he can't make enough Apple watches to keep up with demand, the tech industry hasn't had much luck popularizing smartwatches. But Google's not giving up. After a months-long delay, Google on Wednesday released its first major update to Android Wear, its software for powering wearable devices. New features include better compatibility with iPhones, an improved messaging interface that lets you respond quickly with autocomplete replies, and the ability to make calls directly from the watch, if it has a built-in cellular connection. As part of the launch, Google also worked with Korean consumer electronics maker LG to unveil two new smartwatches, the LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport. Google says it's committed to Android Wear. Sarah Tew/CNET It's all part of the search engine's effort to turn wearables into big business. "Android Wear is not a hobby for us," David Singleton, vice president of engineering for the software, said in an interview at one of Google's San Francisco offices. "We're committed to the space." In Silicon Valley lingo, labeling something a "hobby" means essentially putting it on the backburner. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs famously called Apple TV a hobby, and the streaming media box languished for years until Apple got more serious about the living room. Second time around Android Wear 2.0, tested: How Google's building a better watch These are the watches that will update to Android Wear 2.0 LG Watch Sport isn't the superhero Android Wear 2.0 needs So it's no surprise Singleton would answer so adamantly when asked if Android Wear fell into that category. Tech giants have had a hard time getting people to buy smartwatches. In the third quarter of 2016, the entire smartwatch market fell by more than half: 2.7 million units were shipped that quarter, as opposed to 5.6 million in that same period the year before, according to IDC. Making things more difficult for Google, the delay of the Android Wear update -- which was initially slated for the fall -- may have hurt the product during the all-important holiday shopping season, said Ramon Llamas, an analyst for IDC who covers the wearables market. "There was an appetite for new tech," he said. "They may have missed a window." Meanwhile, Cook lauded the sales of Apple Watches during the fourth quarter, boasting on a conference call that it was the product's "best quarter ever." The only problem is no one knows for sure what that means because Apple doesn't break out watch sales, either by revenue or units. Even so, Apple is at the top when it comes to smartwatches. Through the first three quarters of 2016, Apple's market share was twice as large as Google's. Android Wear owned 17.8 percent of the market, while Apple's Watch OS nabbed 38 percent, IDC said. Google partnered with LG to create the Sport watch. Sarah Tew/CNET While there haven't been any signs that Android Wear is in danger of falling off Google's priority list, it doesn't hurt for executives to reaffirm the commitment. And to finally ship the update. Around Google, it may be precarious to be a "hobby" these days. In recent months, a number of the company's extracurricular fare, especially really ambitious projects known in Google parlance as moon shots, have been shut down or scaled back. In 2016, Google scrapped Project Ara, an attempt to build modular phones with interchangeable parts that snap on like Legos. Alphabet, Google's parent company, also scaled back some of its drone operations. Instead of using drones to beam Wi-Fi signals to remote regions, the company's drone ambitions are now focused on delivering things like pizza and groceries. "It's really important that it's not a hobby [because of] our partners," said Singleton. "It's important they're able to build a business." That's because Google's usual modus operandi is to handle the software and leave the hardware to partners like LG, Samsung, Huawei and Sony. It's a model the company used to turn Android, its software for smartphones and tablets, into the most dominant mobile operating system on the planet. But that resistance to putting the company's name on phones changed last October, when the search giant unveiled the Pixel, billed as the first Google-branded phone. Even so, the Taiwanese company HTC built the hardware. A Pixel Watch? Doubtful Speaking of the Pixel phone, that product begs the question: Will Google do the same thing with smartwatches? That is, make a Google-branded watch that puts the search giant's hardware design front and center? Singleton indicated that's not in the plans for now, noting that it's more important to work with partners and make sure consumers have many choices when it comes to different watch styles. "We genuinely can achieve more than either company would be able to achieve on its own by working together," Singleton said. Still, when asked point blank about a Google-branded watch, he's coy. All he'll say is, "It's really important that we advance the ecosystem." He does note, though, that there was close collaboration with hardware partners, and that the packaging on LG and other Android Wear watches says "Designed with our friends at Google." Llamas of IDC thinks it makes sense for Google to partner with other hardware companies -- as well as create its own watch. "To help Android Wear succeed, let's see a good, deep collection of partners, including with Google itself." CNET's Sean Hollister contributed to this report. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team reminds us why tech stuff is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Wearable Tech Android Wear Drones Google LG Alphabet Inc. Product Info Google Android Wear See it More stories LG cracks down on counterfeit headsets, wins $168 million Facebook's Zuckerberg shows some glove for Oculus Valve, of Half-Life and Portal, is making 3 full VR games Best Wearable Tech of 2017 Close   Discuss: Google says 'Android Wear is not a hobby' Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Now you can watch Epix shows like 'Berlin Station' on Apple TV Already available on game consoles and Roku boxes, cable station Epix is finally adding an Apple TV app. Digital Media by Dan Ackerman February 8, 2017 8:30 AM PST @danackerman Epix Subscribers to the premium cable network Epix will now be able to watch on their 4th-gen Apple TV boxes. The network, owned by Viacom, Lionsgate and MGM, says the Apple TV app will be available starting today. "Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I'm proud to make our content available on Apple TV," Epix CEO Mark Greenberg said in a press release. The channel has a handful of original programs, including Berlin Station and Graves, and is also known for running films from the Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek franchises. Current subscribers can log in using their cable credentials. Non-subscribers can get a free trial, but then have to sign up through their TV service provider. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Digital Media Media Streamers Product Info Garmin Epix $599.99 See it More stories Met Museum releases 375,000 images for free, unrestricted use Facebook gets serious about the big bucks in TV shows Anime streamer Crunchyroll swells past 1M paid subscribers ​Two million of us now are HBO Now subscribers Close   Discuss: Now you can watch Epix shows like 'Berlin... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Software Operating Systems Android Wear 2.0 Android Wear 2.0, tested: How Google is building a better watch through software February 8, 2017 9:00 AM PST Google's Android Wear 2.0 is here, starting with LG Watch Style and Sport by Scott Stein 2:37 Close Drag 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 The watch on my wrist is big. Too big for my hand, maybe. But I'm more interested in what I can see when I lift my wrist. I peek at my step count, and then tap an album icon to hop into Google Music. I hop back out and scroll up quickly to peek at messages. More on Android Wear 2.0 Google says 'Android Wear is not a hobby' These are the watches that will update to Android Wear 2.0 Android Wear has gotten a lot more polished since I last used it. And faster. But it's still not fully there yet. Google's delayed software update to its Android Wear watches has finally arrived, in the form of two new LG watches co-designed with Google. The upgrade is also coming to most (but not all) earlier Android Wear models over the next few weeks. LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are for different crowds -- one's slimmer and feature-limited, one's super-thick and packed with everything from GPS and Android Pay to an LTE connection for phone calls. The first Android Wear 2 watches: LG Watch Sport (left) and Style (right). Sarah Tew/CNET Read: LG Watch Style first impressions Read: LG Watch Sport first impressions But it's not the LG watches that are most interesting, it's the software inside. Android Wear 2 promises big changes to a troubled smartwatch platform that's been losing out to what Apple Watch brings to the table. Can Google's watches get better thanks to software? I've been wearing both watches for about a week, and the answer so far is definitely yes. The biggest improvements you can look forward to: Android Pay comes to Android Wear watches with NFC. Android Wear apps run better when away from a phone, or even independently with an LTE phone-connected watch or via Wi-Fi. A lot more info can be packed onto watch faces, and it's easier to swap faces and customize them. Google Fit updates add more tracking modes and better workout interfaces. Google Assistant comes to Android Wear as a voice-activated upgrade to Google Now. Do these make Android Wear, finally, a must-have? Not exactly. Or, not yet. But these software updates go a long way towards improving the whole Google watch experience. My testing was done via with beta software provided by Google in advance of release, so the experience could get better. Lots of ways to look at stats... including eight at once. Sarah Tew/CNET Watch-face improvements "Complications" are a watch industry term for little bits of info on your watch face, such as the date, your fitness progress or the weather. Android Wear 2.0 is a lot better at accessing information quickly on the fly, thanks mostly to these added watch-face customizations. Apple's had this already via its Apple Watch complications, but Android Wear 2 now offers them too, and more so than Samsung's Gear S2 and S3. I studded one watch face with up to eight bits of info, all showing me quick-access info at a glance. Each bit of info can also act as an app shortcut, saving time. In general, it's great news. But the problem is, few third-party apps currently support complications on the beta-access early software I used prelaunch. There's a shortcut for Google Music called "Now Playing" that jumps to music controls, and lots of fitness stats from Google Fit (steps, calories, fitness goal status). Calendar appointments and watch mode extras are there, too (time zones, sunrise/sunset, moon phases). I want sports scores, though, and weather or email. Those aren't here yet. LG's Sport and Style watches have a set of preinstalled watch faces that allow up to eight complications at once. That's lots of customization, but not enough apps yet to take advantage. Android Pay feels like Apple Pay (and Samsung Pay). Sarah Tew/CNET Android Pay: Watch as wallet Much like Apple Watch and Samsung's Gear S2/S3, Android Wear watches with NFC can now make payments. Setup feels just like those other options: a credit card is added via your phone, and authorized to become a virtualized number. The LG Watch Sport I tried Android Pay on has three side buttons, and the bottom one brings up Android Pay. I tap it and I can make payments wherever Android Pay is supported with a swipe of my wrist. But other, older watches which can receive Wear 2 and Android Pay updates don't necessarily have extra dedicated buttons -- in that case, there's an Android Pay shortcut that can be added to watch faces. I bought some Goldenberg Peanut Chews out of our office vending machine and all was fine. More workout modes, but Google Fit has quirks. Sarah Tew/CNET Google Fit: Better, but messy Google's attempt to make a better on-wrist fitness app has made strides, mainly in how many workout types Fit recognizes and how the workout stats appear on-wrist. Tapping the top button on the LG Watch Sport lets me start a workout (like walking, jogging and more) and while the activity is going, I can look at stats on my wrist. Those three stats can be customized: I can add heart rate, distance or elapsed time, for instance. I can't seem to add more than that, though. And I found the interface a little sluggish and chunky-looking. Bringing up daily Google Fit stats resulted in a slow "updating" message that felt less responsive than Apple Watch or Samsung Gear S3. And Samsung's watch has far more dynamic graphs, charts and ways to peek at your fitness info. Google Fit's dashboard only has basic stats, and no clever fitness-goal graphics like Apple's three-ring concept. I couldn't easily log coffee or water, like on Samsung S-Health. And Google Fit doesn't track sleep. Google Fit does track activities automatically, but those sessions are recorded to Google Fit automatically and don't show up on-watch. The Samsung Gear S3, comparatively, offers more heads-up data on your exercise and trends. Google Fit doesn't give stand reminders, or any other sort of regular reminder. It feels quiet and sometimes too low-key for my tastes. Apps now work better away from a phone. Josh Miller/CNET A better stand-alone watch Theoretically, Android Wear is now a lot more independent of your phone than before. With Wi-Fi or LTE, the watch can connect to what it needs to function. Even offline, Wear 2.0 is designed to run apps on its own and minimize the "Check your phone" messages that used to be everywhere. Android Wear 2 now has Google Play directly on-wrist, meaning I was able to download apps to the watch without messing around with my phone (I reviewed this while using a Google Pixel XL). But the app store experience on-wrist is pared down, and hard to browse. I'd prefer finding apps on my phone and cross-loading. While Android Wear 2 apps are made to work on-wrist away from a paired phone, so far there aren't a lot of updated apps to test out. On the LTE-connected, fully independent phone/watch LG Watch Sport, Google Maps handled navigation nicely, I could check messages, and I used Google Assistant to search for things as needed. The Google Play Store will also work even when paired with an iPhone, but the updated iOS app wasn't available to review prelaunch. Stay tuned for that. Spinning digital crowns help, like the ones on the LG Watch Sport and Style. Josh Miller/CNET Better navigation, support for a digital crown-like wheel Android Wear now supports a new type of input: a spinning-wheel crown design, much like the Apple Watch's digital crown. The LG Watch Sport and Style both have spinning crown-buttons, and can be pressed to launch apps or use Assistant, or spun to scroll through messages or choose apps. Clicking in on the button brings up the app tray, and I then scroll to find what I'm looking for. On my watch face, flicking up on the wheel brings up notifications and messages. It makes peeking at info and navigating the small screen easier. Yes, it feels like the Apple Watch. But it makes finding apps easier, and the scrollable app tray in Android Wear 2.0 is a better solution than the Apple Watch's messy grid of apps. It's also better than Samsung's spinning wheel-of-apps design, and I got to what I needed faster (with 20 apps or so installed, at least). Talk to the hand. Sarah Tew/CNET Talking to Google Assistant: Better, and more of the same Using Google Assistant, as it's been renamed, on my wrist feels useful but all too familiar. Android Wear's best feature was always its on-wrist access to Google Now and quick-access voice requests. I could get directions, or do a quick calculation. Assistant doesn't feel all that different in Wear 2.0, but it is tucked away more; you'll need to press and hold the watch's side button, instead of tapping Android Wear's screen. Unlike Assistant on the Pixel or Google Home, Android Wear's version only uses text. It won't talk back, even on the speaker-enabled LG Watch Sport. I can look for restaurants, check the weather, find appointments, call my wife, set alarms, and could even control Google smart home devices if I hook them in (which I haven't). Assistant can be paired with a Chromecast or Google Home, too, which is a welcome plus -- but I haven't gone through tests with that yet. Assistant is better than Samsung's S-Voice assistant on the Gear S3, and it's often better than Siri because it can be told to remember things. But it's not perfect. It is, however, the one reason I'd probably recommend a new Android Wear watch to an Android phone owner over a Samsung Gear S3. Then again, Google Now was always the best part of Android Wear in the past. It remains a strong part of Android Wear, but with superior voice assistants in devices with far-reaching microphones, like Google Home and Amazon Echo, it feels a little less essential. It could be a key part of knitting together smart home devices, and I think it might get there. But also I kept pressing the Assistant button accidentally with my wrist on occasion, particularly when doing sit-ups or activities (in which case it ended up pausing my progress). More of a watch, less of a hassle. Josh Miller/CNET Getting better... slowly Android Wear 2.0 will be available for a wide range of watches, not just the LG Watch Sport and Style -- it's rolling out as an update, but it depends on your hardware model, much like Android updates on phones. If you already have an Android Wear watch that's update-ready, it's nothing but great news! Wear 2.0 feels more like a watch and less like a wrist-gadget with annoying Google pop-ups and few useful customizations. This is what Android Wear should have been originally. But Android Wear hasn't eclipsed Apple Watch and WatchOS 3, either. It's a work in progress. If you're an Android phone owner, you might even be better off with a Samsung Gear S2 or S3 for some of its features. But once Wear 2.0 settles in, adds more apps and runs on more watches, this could be the answer to better devices. I'm not fully sold, yet. But Wear 2.0 is a lot better than Wear 1.0. Editors' Top Picks See All Fitbit Charge 2 Starting at: $129.00 Just about everything you need for fitness... except GPS and water resistance. Apple Watch Series 2 Starting at: $369.00 GPS, waterproofing and faster software make Apple's new smartwatch finally click, but... Garmin Vivomove Starting at: $99.00 It's a stylish analog watch with long battery life and fitness tracking. Garmin Forerunner 235 Starting at: $329.99 The Forerunner 235 tracks pace and distance, provides easy-to-read smartphone alerts and...   Discuss: Android Wear 2.0 Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Android Wear 2.0 Part Number: CNETAndroid Wear 2.0 Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Scott Stein Scott Stein is a senior editor covering iOS and laptop reviews, mobile computing, video games, and tech culture. He has previously written for both mainstream and technology enthusiast publications including Wired, Esquire.com, Men's Journal, and Maxim, and regularly appears on TV and radio talking tech trends. Hot Products Amazon Echo The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted $179.99 Apple iPhone 7 Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $570.00 Samsung Galaxy S7 Nailed it $419.95 Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet $448.99 Microsoft Surface Book i7 All about that base $2,399.00 CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Take cover! Storage news barrage incoming Crims in £160m broadband scam facing 44 years of porridge Talking to Tintri's Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy Oracle settles court spat with fired cloud 'sales inflation whistleblower' Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google It's 2017 so SAP's added a Siri clone and machine learning to ERP Zut alors! Uber wrecked my marriage, fumes French businessman Windows 10: What is it good for? Microsoft pitches to devs ahead of Creators Update Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Run this in April: UPDATE Azure SET SQLthreat_detection = 'generally available' Scottish court issues damages to couple over distress caused by neighbour's use of CCTV World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world' Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review MNOs will lose 5G rewards to new entrants if they will not share networks Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin Docker polices secrets, in Iron Man suit no less To do DevOps right, beam down a UFO says Dynatrace Policy The Channel Verisign probed by US Dept of Justice over $135m .web auction Judge green lights Microsoft vs Uncle Sam gag order case Hortonworks brakes on breaking even, continues to burn cash Soz telcos you're 'low priority' post-Brexit, says leaked gov doc Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Crack in black: Matte iPhones losing paint at alarming rate, gripe fans Samsung's Chromebook Pro: Overpriced vanilla PC with a stylus. 'Wow' Comcast lied and now it must STFU: Its cable broadband is not 'the fastest' in the US SPB Geek's Guide Stick glue on a drone. Fly it into a flower. World hunger solved, bee-lieve NASA bakes Venus-proof electronics Hyperloop sueball noose-man launches tube-travel rival Vintage Space Shuttle fuel tank destroyed by New Orleans tornado Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Nokia wheels out a complete MVNO package. Makes a change from WinPho That's cute. AI and IoT need 'ethics regulation', mumbles Lib Dem baron Teach undergrads ethics to ensure future AI is safe – compsci boffins Police drones, robo surgeons and chatbot civil servants. What could go wrong? Verity Stob Get orf the air over moi land Irish farmer roars at drones All of Blighty's attack submarines are out of action – report You want WHO?! Reg readers vote Tom Baker for Doctor 13. Of course Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it More like this Android Smartwatch Personal Tech Android Wear: The bloatware that turned into gloatware 2.0 hits the Last Chance Saloon today 8 Feb 2017 at 17:02, Andrew Orlowski Analysis After multiple delays, Google is finally launching Android Wear 2 today, nine months after revealing it to world+dog. This is Google's last chance to give Wear a purpose, in a market that's been savage to so many wearables. Otherwise, it's back to the drawing board. The Wear platform was rushed out to beat Apple to market, and Google initially signed up an impressive posse of OEMs. Phone giants Motorola, Samsung, Sony and LG were joined by established watch and wearable brands like Fossil and Polar, alongside desperate hopefuls like... Asus. Today, only LG looks fully committed. According to several leaks, Google will use new versions of LG's Watch Sport and Watch Style to showcase the Wear platform. Everyone else is sitting it out, or has fled the room, to attend to their burns. Google's decision to postpone Wear 2.0 to this year meant vendors missed the holiday season. More burns. Like Apple, Wear was a heavyweight proposition: packed with functionality rather than built for convenience or endurance, the Java-based OS sucked the life out of the battery within a day, or much less if you used location or fitness software. As we noted in March 2014, at Wear's launch, it was a solution looking for a problem. "So the industry has created a new inconvenience to help make its current inconvenience slightly more convenient," I wrote, six months after launch. The bloatware turned to gloatware as vendors dropped out with heavy losses. Sales had been dismal. Moto was the most enthusiastic, but called an end to the bleeding in December, explaining that it did not "see enough pull in the market". Huawei, a late entrant but big investor, also hit pause. Today, the Wear Reddit forum is a lonely place. The Wear part of the Play Store is tangled with tumbleweed. But LG plugs away, confident that it has seen something that everyone else has missed. Maybe it has, in the gadget-crazy Korean market. Indifference rules everywhere else. Details of LG's Wear 2.0 watches have leaked Only Apple claims to be doing well in smartwatches. But then Apple is the only vendor who is conceivably also a fashion brand, so an Apple Watch is a kind of electric perfume for nerds. It's selling the name. (Author's note: It's a long story, but I currently wear an Apple Watch. I estimate I get about £40 of value from the gadget, and use less than 10 per cent of the functionality. The cheapest Apple Watch 2 retails for £399.) Elsewhere, Samsung lumbers on with its well-designed, Linux-based Gear models, targeting them largely at activity enthusiasts. "A new inconvenience to help make its current inconvenience slightly more convenient." From here, it's hard to see what in Wear 2.0 will revive enthusiasm for smartwatches. New Wear devices will be able to support Android Pay, which is convenient, provided they include NFC. And the clunky card-based interface, which muddles notifications, gets an overhaul. But as CCS Insight analyst George Jijiashvili concluded: "It's not the ground-breaking revamp many were hoping for." The tweaks are "incremental and necessary". The only stealth success has come from Withings, which was spotted by Nokia who snapped up the company. A Withings "smartwatch" is an analogue watch with the most minimal "smart"-ness you can imagine: a tiny OLED display embedded in the face shouts out notifications. It has sensors to record activity. It doesn't need much maintenance, and the battery lasts three weeks. What else do you want? It's a sign that people positively choose less technology, not more. And that's something that gadget companies can't always understand. ® Tips and corrections 33 Comments More from The Register Google gets smooth early Android releases. OEMs are struggling Fiery Samsung's feeling drained 34 Comments Android's February fix-fest flings 58 patches Nexus owners are sweet. The rest of us have to hope we don't get bricked by baddies 23 Comments Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android malware in the wild When mobes and gadgets stop verifying app installations, you're gonna have a bad time 20 Comments Google knifes Eclipse Android Developer Tools Android Studio 2.2 beckons, because what choice is there? 15 Comments Speaking in Tech: The limitations of Android's crypto Podcast Podcast Idol winners rap about Apple, Google DeepMind and more VXers gift their mates an Android bank-raiding app's source code It needs admin privileges, but we know there's a pool of stupid out there waiting to be p0wned 2 Comments Whitepapers Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Digital Transformation in the US This IDC InfoBrief examines the drivers, value, challenges, and potential solutions of digital transformation, including Red Hat’s role in simplifying IT operations to achieve DX. Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Most read SQL Server on Linux? HELL YES! Linux on Windows 10? Meh USMC: We want more F-35s per year than you Limeys will get in half a decade IT guy checks to see if PC is virus-free, with virus-ridden USB stick Macs don't get viruses? Hahaha, ha... seriously though, that Word doc could be malware Planned Espionage Act could jail journos and whistleblowers as spies Spotlight Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Nielsen, eat your heart out: TiVo woos admen with prediction engine Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Mattel's parenting takeover continues with Alexa-like dystopia Sponsored links All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Good Was Apple Inc.'s Q1 Earnings Report? Apple finally got revenue and EPS growing again last quarter. But was Apple's underlying performance worse than it seemed? Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Feb 8, 2017 at 10:40AM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has soared about 8% since the company reported better-than-expected Q1 earnings results last week. Revenue hit a new record of $78.4 billion, $1 billion ahead of the average analyst estimate. Earnings per share also reached a record at $3.36, up from $3.28 a year earlier. This was $0.15 ahead of analysts' estimates. Thanks to this strong performance, numerous Wall Street analysts raised their price targets for Apple stock. Still, not everybody is convinced. Some pundits have argued that Apple's results were far worse than Mr. Market seems to think. Let's take a look at whether there's any substance to that argument. Good results aside from the iPad From a high-level perspective, Apple's Q1 earnings report looks rock solid. Sure, iPad sales declined yet again -- with unit sales down 19% year over year and revenue down 22% -- but the iPad is far less important for Apple's business than it was a few years ago. Apple only got 7% of its revenue from iPad sales last quarter. The iPad is becoming less and less important to Apple's results. Image source: Apple. The iPhone business is what really matters for Apple these days. Apple sold a record 78.3 million iPhones last quarter, generating $54.4 billion of revenue -- nearly 70% of the companywide total. Mac sales also returned to growth and the services segment continued to surge higher, with revenue up 18% year over year. Did Apple pull a fast one on investors? Writing for MarketWatch last week, Thomas Kee, Jr. argued that investors have completely misunderstood Apple's earnings report. He points out that Apple's fiscal first quarter had an extra week this year. Measured on a per-week basis, Apple's revenue, iPhone sales, and EPS were all down on a year-over-year basis. In other words, without the extra week, Apple would likely have posted declines rather than increases for all three key metrics. As a result, Kee thinks that Apple stock is significantly overvalued. It's true that the extra week helped Apple last quarter. However, in highlighting one anomaly in Apple's first quarter results, Kee ignored two others that hurt Apple during the quarter. Channel inventory changes weighed Apple down First, Apple is being much more careful with channel inventory this year than it was in fiscal 2016. Since Apple reports revenue when it ships devices to retailers -- not when they are sold to end users -- changes in channel inventory can distort Apple's revenue and earnings relative to underlying demand. Apple didn't increase iPhone channel inventory by very much in Q1. Image source: Apple. For the iPhone, Apple grew channel inventory by 1.2 million units last quarter. This means that 77.1 million of the 78.3 million iPhones Apple shipped during Q1 made it into the hands of customers. By contrast, a year earlier, Apple increased iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units. Sell-through to end users totaled 71.5 million in that quarter. After adjusting for these channel inventory changes, last quarter's weekly iPhone sales rate was almost exactly in line with the prior-year result. This adjustment is even starker for the iPad. Apple reduced its iPad channel inventory by about 700,000 units last quarter, compared to a 900,000-unit increase a year earlier. This explains about half of the year-over-year decline in iPad sales. The negative impact of the channel inventory changes more than offset the benefit of having an extra week. A patent settlement skewed Apple's Q1 2016 results A second factor that hurt Apple last quarter is that it had received a one-time $548 million gain related to a patent infringement case in Q1 2016. This was pure profit, so it boosted Apple's gross margin by more than 0.7 percentage points in that quarter and added about $0.10 per share in pre-tax income. Stripping out this one-time gain and the changes in channel inventory, Apple's revenue and EPS growth would have been much higher last quarter than what the company actually reported. Additionally, the $548 million patent gain in Q1 2016 created a tough comparison for Apple's fast-growing services segment last quarter. Apple reported 18% revenue growth in services last quarter anyway, but on an apples-to-apples basis it would have posted a 30% revenue increase. Apple's quarter was as strong as it seemed to be It's impossible to know precisely how much channel inventory changes impacted Apple's revenue and profit last quarter. But a reasonable guess is that they cost Apple $2 billion-$2.5 billion of revenue and close to $1 billion of pre-tax profit, relative to Q1 2016. The non-recurrence of the patent gain was an additional $548 million headwind to revenue and pre-tax profit. After making these adjustments, Apple's revenue may have been down slightly year-over-year on a per-week basis, but EPS still increased. Even this sort of slow growth is fairly good for Apple right now, as the strong dollar is causing persistent revenue and profit headwinds. Furthermore, Apple is widely believed to be working on a massive upgrade of the iPhone for 2017. There's a good chance that these rumors are already impacting the upgrade rate as some customers hold out for the new model. That bodes well for a return to robust (and indisputable) revenue and earnings growth in 2018. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Apple and is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool and is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 10:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Read More Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Good Was Apple Inc.'s Q1 Earnings Report? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Unique Baby Gifts: Estella Debuts Organic Baby Gift Sets with Handmade Sleeveless Rompers New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 02/08/2017 — Estella, the most trusted name in unique baby gifts is thrilled to announce the release of four new baby gifts sets each with three pieces – sleeveless baby rompers, bonnet hats & rattle toys. Each piece is handmade in Peru using the softest organic cotton. The sleeveless newborn rompers fit infants to babies 3 months old and each is exquisite and bursting with character. The Organic Baby Gifts set with Apple Romper, Toy & Bonnet The baby rompers are the centerpieces of each of these four newborn gifts sets. This romper is in cream with a rich red apple graphic on the chest. A classic infant bonnet and an NYC Big Apple rattle toy accompany this attractive one-piece, a perfect gift for the smallest New Yorkers. Unique Newborn Gift Sets with Octopus One-Piece, Rattle & Hat The octopus gift set has a broader appealing theme, but is equally beautiful. The romper has a bold turquois octopus image that stands out in a cream background. This set also comes with the sweet baby bonnet and a matching octopus rattle toy. Organic Baby Gift set with Elephant Romper, Rattle Toy & Hat We also created an Elephant set for the animal lovers. The one-piece romper has a smiling elephant on the front and is accompanied with the bonnet and Estella’s popular Elephant rattle toy. Organic Baby Shower Gifts set with Pretzel Rattle, hat & Rattle Toy The last infant gift set in this new collection is a must have for the food loving family. The rompers in this set have a Pretzel image and the accompanying toy is a hot dog rattle. Regarding the collection, Estella’s founder, Chike Chukwulozie said, “we wanted to bring to market this Spring beautiful unique baby gifts sets with sleeveless rompers that were unusual and would have universal appeal.” He added – “we are thrilled with this collection and are excited to share it.” This new line will be available on Estella’s online boutique and through its retail partners March 15, 2017, just in time for spring. About Estella Founded in 2002, Estella is known for it handmade organic baby toys, gifts, clothes, dolls, nursery décor & more. Estella is sold at Barney’s, Amazon, Uncommon Goods & has been featured on Fox, NBC, People, US Magazine, Vogue, In Style and more. Estella Contact Chike Chukwulozie 27 West 20th St., Suite 304 New York, NY 10011 press@estella-nyc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood and Beverage, front, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Procrastinators Rejoice: Hotel Deals Save the (Valentine’s) Day Next PostNext Coastal Marine Construction, LLC Offers Pier Repair Services Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Share Tweet MacBook Air rumours: Apple reportedly building more of its own chips for use... Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News New MacBook Air 2017 UK release date rumours New MacBook Air 2017 release date, price and specs rumours UK: Apple reportedly building more of its own chips for use in Mac laptops New MacBook Air 2017 UK release date rumours The MacBook Air 13in got a very minor update in April 2016, and we're still waiting for a proper overhaul. We round up all of the rumours about a new MacBook Air in 2017, including its likely UK release date and tech specs, as well as rumoured new features. Here's everything you need to know about the new MacBook Air in 2017 by Ashleigh Macro | 08 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents UK release date Will the MacBook Air be discontinued? When was the MacBook Air last updated? Price Dimensions  Specs & new features When will Apple release a new MacBook Air in 2017? What tech specs and new features will the new MacBook Air get? Is the 'Air' brand being killed off? Will the new MacBook Air get a Retina display at last? Apple did technically update the MacBook Air in 2016, but it was a minor and frankly disappointing update - merely including what had been an optional RAM upgrade in the standard package for the 13in model, and not touching the 11in model at all. Will 2017 see a proper update to the MacBook Air lineup? Or will the MacBook Air be killed off for good? In this article we round up all the rumours, hints and clues about the new MacBook Air release for 2017, including the new MacBook Air's UK release date, tech specs, new features, design, along with speculation that Apple may be phasing out the 'Air' lineup completely. Read next: Best MacBook buying guide | Best Mac buying guide 2017 | Best cheap MacBook deals Last updated to include rumours that Apple is manufacturing more of its own chips for use in Mac laptops New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: UK release date Back in March 2016, MacBook Air fans were eagerly awaiting an update to their favourite laptop at Apple's special event; after all, the spring event represented one year since it was last updated. But instead, Apple used the event to show off the iPhone SE and the iPad Pro with 9.7in screen. We had to wait until 19 April for Apple to release new MacBooks and the updated MacBook Air. But the MacBook Air update was underwhelming, to say the least. While the MacBook got a power boost and a new Rose Gold colour option, the MacBook Air simply got a new 8GB onboard memory standard, and that was for the 13in model only. So when will we get a proper update to the MacBook Air line-up? If the lineup isn't getting the chop, we assume that Apple will stick to its yearly upgrade cycle and should release the new MacBook Air at some point in early 2017, possibly between March and May as has been the case in previous years. But it does seem likely that the MacBook Air line is being quietly wound down. See also: New MacBook Pro release | New MacBook release | New iMac release | New Mac Pro release | New Mac mini release New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: Will the MacBook Air be discontinued? After the March event and its derisory MacBook Air update, and the subsequent Apple event that took place on 27 October 2016, it's unclear if the MacBook Air line will ever be updated again. No new MacBook Air was announced in October and the new MacBook Pro 2016 was compared in size, performance and weight to the MacBook Air. The new MacBook Pro is smaller in dimensions, and is also thinner than the existing MacBook Air, which was launched with portability in mind. It should also be noted that the 11in MacBook Air has now been discontinued, with the 13in variant receiving a £100 price bump - taking the basic model from £849 up to £949 and the 256GB model up from £999 to £1,099. (This price increase is most likely due to Brexit.) Some have taken this as gentle way of bringing the Air product line to a close, as not many people will want a costly Air with more powerful, and thinner, Mac laptops available. Following the October 2016 Mac event, there are strong suggestions that the MacBook Air line will be completely discontinued. This does mean that the entry-level MacBooks are now a little more appealing, but does mean that an 11in MacBook Air will now be missed by some who were hoping for it to be replaced by a similar variant - we presume Apple didn't see a huge market for 11in laptops and thus decided to axe the product line. However, the 11in model may not be the only MacBook Air to be discontinued. We suspect that Apple is about to discontinue the MacBook Air line altogether. Tech Blogger Jack March claims to have spoken with a source close to the situation who says that Apple is about to ditch the Air brand completely, including the MacBook Air and iPad Air products in its lineup. Right now, we think Jack could be absolutely right. There are rumours that Apple won't release an iPad Air 3 now that the iPad Pro has a 9.7in option, and the MacBook Air doesn't seem to fit naturally in Apple's line-up now that the new MacBook is here and is thinner and lighter than ever. With the advent of the 12in MacBook and the 12.9in iPad Pro, it's no surprise that rumourmongers are starting to predict that at least the 11in MacBook Air, with a smaller screen than either of those devices, will be discontinued. The iPad Pro may indeed be viewed by Apple as a replacement for the 11in MacBook Air if Apple CEO Tim Cook's comments to the Telegraph are taken into account (published on 1 December 2015). Following the launch of the iPad Pro, Cook told the Telegraph: "I think if you're looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC any more? No really, why would you buy one? "Yes, the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a desktop for many, many people. They will start using it and conclude they no longer need to use anything else, other than their phones." However, should Apple discontinue the 11in MacBook Air, it does remove the lower price of entry from the line-up. But as mentioned, it may not just be the 11in MacBook Air that is discontinued. When the new MacBook launched on 9 March 2015, analysts began to suggest that the MacBook Air might not be around for much longer. "This wasn't the MacBook Air, but instead leaped past the Air," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. "They kept the MacBook Air around just as they do with older iPhones, but the MacBook is now in the same position as the newest iPhone. That makes me wonder if the Air will go away over time." Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of US business for Kantar WorldPanel Comtech, also predicted a contraction of Apple's line-up. "All [notebooks] need to be more mobile, so something like the Air doesn't need to be branched out any more," she said of the differentiation Apple made for the line since its introduction more than eight years ago. "And it's to Apple's benefit not to have so many 'families' of Macs." More recently, KGI Securities analyst and Apple guru Ming-Chi Kuo claimed that Apple is planning on launching a 13in MacBook to sit alongside the 12in MacBook, which would serve as a replacement to the MacBook Air going forward. In a note obtained by AppleInsider, the analyst forsees an end to the meaningful development of the MacBook Air. Apple won't remove the line from its stores just yet, though - it'll serve as an entry-level device for Apple adopters, much like it did with the original MacBook before it was discontinued in 2011. Over time, it seems likely that the MacBook Air range could be discontinued and eventually replaced by a Retina MacBook range at a lower price. In January 2017, DigiTimes cited Chinese site Economic Daily News and said Apple is going to drop the price of the non-Touch Bar 13in MacBook Pro and discontinue the MacBook Air, which only exists now in the 13in size. It added: "Apple is expected to unveil a new 12-inch MacBook in early second quarter with an additional memory option of 16GB" - this would all but render the Air unnecessary to Apple, even if consumers might lament the absence of its lower price point. We don't expect the 12in MacBook to drop in price. New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: When was the MacBook Air last updated? We originally expected the MacBook Air to be updated with a Retina display back on 9 March 2015 at Apple's Spring Forward event. And were quite surprised when we got something else: a Retina MacBook, yes, but one with a 12in display and a USB-C port (and very few other ports), a new strand of products for Apple's MacBook laptop line-up. Less glamorously, Apple's MacBook Air did get an update at the same time, with new, faster processors, faster flash storage and better graphics, and was updated more recently in April 2016 with increased RAM, but the screen and overall design remained the same, with no Retina display for the Air line. New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: Price The last time that there was a Mac laptop that had more advanced specs than a more expensive model was the old MacBooks (aluminium, then white and black, and then eventually aluminium again). These older MacBook models were eventually discontinued and the price of the MacBook Air was reduced to make it the new entry level (when the MacBook Air initially launched it was quite overpriced for the specs, just like the current Retina MacBook). It seems likely that the same will happen with the new MacBook models eventually replacing the MacBook Airs, at a lower price, but for now that seems a long way off. The 11in MacBook Air started at £749, while the entry level 13in model was £849 - this has now changed with the 11in axed - making the new 13in model, with a £100 price hike start at £949. If the 11in MacBook Air is removed from the line up perhaps the cost of entry of the 13in model will reduce to the level that the 11in model is currently, with a rumoured 15in model coming in at a higher price at some point in the future. New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: Dimensions  If Apple does update the MacBook Air range, what dimensions should we expect? As mentioned above, rumours suggest that the 11in MacBook Air will be discontinued, after all, the 11in MacBook Air is both smaller than the MacBook and the new iPad Pro, and didn’t receive an update when the 13in model did. However, 9to5Mac points out that the new 13in and 15in MacBook Air models could be additional sizes to the MacBook range. That site predicts that some time in 2017 we will have just two ranges of Mac laptops: the MacBook at the ultraportable level, and the more advanced MacBook Pro. Maybe the 17in MacBook Pro will make a comeback too, with a 4K display. New MacBook Air 2017 release date rumours: Specs & new features These new MacBook Air models are said to be thinner and lighter, with internal spec enhancements. Apparently, the new MacBook Air will feature new batteries, cooling modules, and chassis, according to the Economic Daily News. We also expect to see USB Type-C across the range, especially now that Intel has integrated Thunderbolt 3 into USB-C - more on that below. Processors The next-generation MacBook Air is likely to feature next-generation Intel processors, as well as graphics and RAM upgrades. Intel has started shipping its Kaby Lake processors - that's the generation of chips after Skylake, and offers support for Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2. But here's a leftfield alternative. The Dutch-language site Techtastic has posted a reference in the kernel of macOS Sierra to "ARM HURRICANE", a chip family that is now supported. This isn't a chip that anyone has heard of, but it would make sense for this to be an Apple custom ARM chip, fitting in as it does with the company's previous naming conventions: the A7 (in the iPhone 5s) was codenamed Cyclone, the A8 Typhoon and the A9 Twister. Those are iPad/iPhone chips, of course, so does this mean Apple is going to let iDevices run macOS Sierra? Certainly not - but it might be about to put ARM chips in the MacBook Air. Image courtesy of Techtastic Update 08/02/2017: It's not just the CPU that's getting an upgrade either, as a recent Bloomberg report claims that Apple is working on a processor that's meant to improve the battery life of its laptop range. According to the report, the chip is said to handle basic tasks like checking for email and installing updates while the computer is asleep. Apple's current way of working relies on the MacBook's main processor to handle the tasks, but by implementing a dedicated low-power processor, Apple can further reduce battery consumption and provide a longer battery life.   Those with knowledge of the subject claim that the chip is similar to that used by Apple in the MacBook Pro to manage the Touch Bar, and that the new chip may make an appearance in the 2017 MacBook Pro, along with other laptops. It makes sense, as Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar has been criticised since launch for its poor battery life. New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: E-ink keyboard Rumours are rife concerning Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro and, more specifically, its OLED touch bar. The OLED touch bar is rumoured to provide contextual shortcuts to the user based on the application that they're using at the time - but the most recent report suggests Apple isn't happy enough with the feature. 9to5Mac and TrustedReviews report that Apple has been in talks to use a laptop variant of Sonder Design's dynamic keyboard technology. Sonder Design is famous for developing an E-ink keyboard, using E-ink to change the key labels on the fly. This means that the entire keyboard is customisable, providing multiple languages as well as contextual shortcuts from a single keyboard. It allows users that are, for example, editing in Final Cut Pro to look down at the keyboard and see exactly which tool they need to use without having to memorise them before hand. What isn't clear is how Apple is planning on implementing the software, or which laptop it could be featured on, leading us to believe that it could possibly make an appearance on the 2017 MacBook Air. Sonder has confirmed that talks between Apple and the company has taken place, although it won't comment on whether or not it's a deal - it has only confirmed that it's "closing B2B procurement contracts" with three laptop makers. New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Retina display When Apple updated its MacBook Air in March of 2015, we had been convinced that the company was about to give the laptop a Retina display. Instead, it launched a brand-new MacBook line that's super-thin, super-light and does offer that high-resolution display, but does that mean Apple won't enhance the MacBook Air with a Retina display in the future? With the 2016 update only adding more RAM to the basic 13in model, it may be the case. The suggestion that the MacBook Air will feature a Retina display has been long running but those rumours were prior to the launch of the 12in Retina MacBook and the iPad Pro - suggesting the sightings of the Retina display some thought was destined for the MacBook Air was instead for these models. Does this mean that there will be no Retina display on the new MacBook Air when (or if) it launches? If Apple wants to keep the price down maybe not. Or perhaps the newly rumoured 15in Macbook Air will feature a Retina display, while the 13in model will lack the high-res display, but come in at a lower price, one similar to the older 11in MacBook Air. Read more: What is a Retina display? New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: MacBook Air to feature USB-C port While we assumed the next MacBook Air would feature USB-C ports, a recent report from Taiwanese website DigiTimes seems to confirm our theory - if believed, anyway. The publication claims that Apple is planning to release a MacBook Air with USB-C ports in future, but doesn't provide a launch timeframe for the upgraded laptop.  "Currently, Apple has decided to adopt the USB Type-C interface for its MacBook Air, while Asustek Computer and Hewlett-Packard (HP) are upgrading one of their notebooks' regular USB port to the Type-C. Lenovo, Acer and Dell are still evaluating the option." The issue with DigiTimes is that it isn't always accurate - the site has previously claimed that Apple would start shipping ultra-thin 13in and 15in MacBooks by the end of Q2 2016, which ended in June with no appearance, although the site's sources have proven reliable at times in the past. So, how accurate is this report? We're not 100 percent sure, but we imagine that if Apple wants to keep the MacBook Air alive, this is the road it'll be headed down.  However, Bloomberg reported in August 2016, one week before the reported iPhone 7 launch, that Apple is preparing a MacBook Air update "as soon as October". This might mean that the MacBooks are announced at the 7 September event, but won't ship until the following month. This seems a logical step; the MacBook has just one USB-C port and the rumoured new MacBook Pro will also feature this connection type. It would still represent a bold move overall for Apple however - it'd mean all of its laptops would no longer support standard USB-A connections, a move sure to annoy a few people, but ultimately shape the future of mobile computing.  New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Apple Pencil-enabled Trackpad While this isn't a new patent (it was originally filed back in 2014), a patent application has recently been granted that allows the Apple Pencil to work with Mac trackpads. What is most interesting about the patent is that it depicts a more sophisticated Apple Pencil than the one currently available, suggesting that the accessory is due to get an overhaul at some point in the future. It even goes as far to describe the Pencil being used as a general input device like a joystick or an 'air mouse'. "Inertial sensor input may be gathered when operating the stylus in one or more inertial sensor input modes such as an air mouse mode, a rotational controller mode, a joystick mode, and/or other inertial sensor input modes." What isn't clear is if the upgraded Apple Pencil will only work with certain trackpads - if this is the case, we imagine that the technology would make its way to the next-gen MacBook Air. However, Apple has a habit of applying for a patent and then doing nothing with it, so it isn't set in stone that we'll be seeing this featured on the next MacBook Air - but we can sure hope.  New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Touch ID and Force Touch We expect this feature to come on the Air model - if it isn't already discontinued!  There are also reports to suggest that it'll boast Touch ID within its Trackpad, which may also get the Force Touch upgrade that was given to the 13in MacBook Pro back in March 2015, and comes with the new MacBook. Touch ID is the fingerprint sensor that's built into the Home button of the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. It's also used to make Apple Pay more secure and with the recent announcement of Apple Pay coming to Mac as part of macOS Sierra, this rumour makes a lot of sense. According to an Independent report, Touch ID for the Mac line would require a dedicated chip to be built into the device. The rumour started with Taiwanese blog AppleCorner, which cited sources in the supply chain. Apparently the Magic Mouse and Magic Trackpad may get a biometric update too, enabling users to make Apple Pay payments on the web, but both those accessories were updated alongside the launch of a new 4K iMac so that seems unlikely to happen any time soon.  We'll be updating this article as more information about the rumoured Retina MacBook Air emerges so check back from time to time for the latest news. Wondering which MacBook is best for you? Read: MacBook Air vs MacBook Pro comparison review: 13in Apple laptops compared You might also like to read our New 12in MacBook 2016 review | Which Mac? Best Mac buyers guide | Apple rumours and predictions for 2016 Tags: Mac , Rumour , MacBook Air Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years VES Awards 2017: Watch VFX breakdowns for the winners including The Jungle Book and Game of Thrones Best free & cheap photo editing software for Mac: Free and low-cost alternatives to Photoshop,… Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News BeatsX Headphones Finally Launch On Apple Store Kwikset Premis HomeKit-Compatible Smart Lock Cognitive Systems Announces Aura Home Monitoring System Tips Self Publish Your Books With iBooks macOS: Using "Open With," "Always Open With," and "Change All" Podcasts iPhone Iris Scanner, Smart TV Privacy Tips - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-10 Apple's Expensive Anniversary iPhone - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-09 View All Results → Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short View All Reviews → Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You It's Time for Apple to Show iBooks Some Love This Wearable Movie Theater Gets Close, But Misses the Mark Vizio Smart TVs Spied on You, and the FTC Settled with a Wrist Slap View All Editorials → Amazon’s Fire TV Boss Joins Apple TV Team Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Feb 8th, 2017 12:08 PM EST | News Apple TV has a new vice president for product marketing and he used top be in charge of Amazon’s Fire TV division. Timothy D. Twerdahl came on board with Apple in February and he’s taking over the marketing job from Pete Distad. Apple Hires former Amazon Fire TV executive to head Apple TV product marketing Bloomberg says Mr. Twerdahl reports directly to Greg Joswiak, Apple’s vice president in charge of iOS, iPhone, and iPad marketing. Mr. Twerdahl is no stranger to the streaming media market. Prior to joining Apple, he was most recently the director and general manager for Amazon’s Fire TV for nearly four years. Before that he was vice president of products at WIMM Labs for three years, and held senior positions at Roku, Netflix, Motorola, Tapwave, and Palm. Taking over Apple TV product marketing doesn’t mean Mr. Distad is out of a job. Instead, he’s now open to handle content deals. That’s much more in line with his previous gig as Hulu’s vice president of content distribution, and fits nicely with Apple’s push to find original scripted TV shows. Hiring Mr. Twerdahl and reassigning Mr. Distad may be a sign Apple is trying to catch up in the set top box game. Apple TV’s hardware hasn’t been updated in almost a year and a half, it doesn’t support 4K video, doesn’t offer HDR features like its competitors, and is priced higher. These are all pain points Mr. Twerdahl may be able to soothe. He oversaw the Fire TV launch as well as the Fire Stick product line, and has experience bringing streaming devices with modern features to market. Does that mean there’s a new Apple TV in the works? Sure, but not because Mr. Twerdahl has an Apple pay check. Apple is always working on new versions of its products, but with him on board maybe Apple TV will have a fighting chance at keeping up with the competition. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple TV, Timothy Twerdahl Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays Jeff Butts | February 10, 2017 How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You John Martellaro | February 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $132.12 -0.30 (-0.23%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » BeatsX Headphones Finally Launch On Apple Store Kwikset Premis HomeKit-Compatible Smart Lock Cognitive Systems Announces Aura Home Monitoring System Deleted Browser History From Safari Gets Saved To iCloud [Updated] Get Ready for Apple's $1,000 10th Anniversary iPhone Recent Tips See All » Self Publish Your Books With iBooks macOS: Using "Open With," "Always Open With," and "Change All" The Blossoming New World of Apple Watch Apps macOS: Using the Text "Transformations" Feature macOS: Use Preview Inspector To Look At Photo Metadata Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Kill the LG UltraFine 5K and Make Your Own Displays How to Stop Your New TV From Spying On You It's Time for Apple to Show iBooks Some Love This Wearable Movie Theater Gets Close, But Misses the Mark Vizio Smart TVs Spied on You, and the FTC Settled with a Wrist Slap 10924 Jeff Gamet news 0 1486555683 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search LG Watch Sport preview: The crown prince of Android Wear 2.0 Chris Hall8 February 2017Smartwatches Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Android Wear has so far been a middling story of wearable devices. The best iterations have been sold on a brand's strengths - like Polar's integration into its M600 giving you a great Polar Flow experience, or Tag's premium reworking on the Tag Heuer Connected - leaving rivals like Apple and Samsung to do a lot more on the user experience at a core level. That's all set to change with the launch of Android Wear 2.0 and its hero device, the LG Watch Sport. This is looking like the best designed Android Wear device we've seen from LG so far, ushering in a new Android Wear experience that's more mature, more engaging and more fully featured. We had the chance to spend some time with the new Android Wear watch prior to launch, but we're still confirming some of the technical details. LG Watch Sport: Design 45.4 x 51.21 x 14.2mm 316L stainless steel case Titanium or blue colours IP68 water protection Design hasn't been the strong point of LG's previous watches, but the LG Watch Sport takes things in a new direction, one that feels more considered and more serious than before. Landing with the Sport name, this is a watch that's designed to carry sporty looks, with aesthetics closer to popular diver's watches than LG's previous efforts. Pocket-lint This is a big watch, but not the biggest Android Wear watch out there. Some might baulk at the 14.2mm thickness, but it actually wears comfortably and if you're used to wearing a watch with substance, that won't be a concern - in fact you might say the display could be a little bigger than the 1.38-inches it offers. The body is cool stainless steel, anodised and finished in a dark blue or titanium colour. The back is plastic, but unlike the flimsy feels of the LG Watch Urbane, this feels solid. There are three buttons on the LG Watch Sport, the centre of which is a digital crown that rotates as well as pushes. This lets you interact with Android Wear 2.0's most exciting new feature - rotational control. That's been showcased by Samsung and Apple on their respective devices and it's a welcome addition to Android, helping mature the platform with new interaction. The other two buttons are given over to Google Fit and Android Pay, a new feature in Android Wear 2.0, supporting the NFC function. Pocket-lint The rear of the LG Watch Sport is interesting. It has a pronounced section that houses the optical heart rate sensor which sits securely against your skin to ensure a good connection - we're yet to test that out, but we've experienced great results from the TomTom Spark which employs a similar technique - and doesn't lead to any discomfort when wearing it.  That whole back section can be removed to put the nano SIM card inside to power the LTE connection - another interesting addition to the wearable space. The antenna for this is integrated into the strap, so there's no switching straps here. That might bring a fashion limitation to some, but hopefully means you're connected wherever you are. We found the strap be comfortable and feel like good quality in our brief time wearing it.  LG Watch Sport carries an IP68 water protection rating, which should protect it from sweat, rain and showers, but we were told that it's not designed for submersion like swimming. That's going to be left to other devices like the Nixon Mission (also on the list to get Android Wear 2.0), which is proofed to 5ATM. LG Watch Sport: Hardware and specs 1.38in 480 x 480 pixel POLED display (348ppi) Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100, 768MB RAM, 4GB storage 430mAh battery Heart rate monitor and GPS NFC, LTE The LG Watch Sport has a 1.38-inch POLED display with a 480 x 480 pixel display, giving it a cracking 348ppi. The display itself is fully round - there's no flat tyre here like the Moto 360 Sport and this watch looks a lot better as a result.  In the brief time we had with the watch the display looked good, but on first impressions it lacks those deep blacks and punchy colours of the Apple Watch - but that could be down to brightness settings or pre-release hardware, or just the screens that we were looking at.  Certainly, once you dive into the details, like scrolling through apps in the menu, you'll notice lots of details in the visuals, a benefit that comes from the higher resolution. Pocket-lint We didn't have the chance to test the HRM, GPS, NFC or LTE, but in our first-hand briefing we were told that there have been no problems using those functions. The inclusion of NFC unlocks contactless payment via Android Pay and accessed via the bottom hardware button - but that advantage this offers to runners is that you can leave the house with a fully connected device - you can stream music and you can pay for the bus home when you get lost. Pocket-lint The LG Watch Sport is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 chipset, hardware designed specifically for wearables, with a boosted 768MB RAM. The 4GB storage is standard, providing some local space for storage of your music. The 430mAh battery is said to last "all day" with the LTE modem active, but we'll be sure to thoroughly test the endurance, both with LTE on and off, when we get the chance.  LG Watch Sport: The latest software Android Wear 2.0 Rotational apps menu using digital crown Launched along with the announcement of Android Wear 2.0, the LG Watch Sport has been designed partly to show off the new features of this updated wearable mobile platform. Where Android Wear was gawky and slightly cartoonish, the updates in AW2.0 bring maturity, practicality and a refinement of the most-used tasks. Pocket-lint Watch faces are now more customisable with the facility to add complications. This means that rather than using a default watch face that comes from Google, LG or an app, you'll be able to open a template and add the elements to the face that you want to see. This is also open to developers, with those elements pulled in to fit the style of the watch face you're using.  You can now switch faces with a swipe - as you can on Apple Watch - there's a new quick settings shade for instant actions, as well as deeper focus on fitness. The top hardware button takes you straight to Google Fit's activity tracking mode, where you can fire up a run or other sport and track your progress.  Included in the fitness app are things like challenges, so that you can set yourself sit-up or squat challenges, with your watch monitoring your progress. There's also some clever self-calibration for runners. The stride length will be calculated when running outside using the GPS and the accelerometer and this will then give you a more accurate result then running indoors on a treadmill. Pocket-lint This all ties into Google Fit and it's good to see this fitness focus, although the elephant in the room is that generic fitness apps aren't always hugely popular. Google Fit has been around for a number of years but has never really been very exciting. Take the Polar M600 for example: that's a great sports watch not because of the Android functions, but because of the Polar Flow platform that it offers. We suspect that Android Wear apps from other platforms, like Strava or Endomondo, might emerge as the more popular options. The final thing worth talking about is the rotational control. Pressing the button will open the app menu, presented with round icons around the display. The crown will scroll through these apps (you can favourite apps to keep them at the top of the list), to make it easy to get to things – it's much more dynamic than the old flat list. Pocket-lint We've see the crown out to good use by Apple and we've experienced the bezel rotation control offered by Samsung on the Gear watches too, and we think it's a natural and great addition to the skills of Android Wear.  First Impressions Our time with the LG Watch Sport has only been brief, but in that short time, we're left with the impression that the hardware is well designed. This looks like an attractive Android Wear watch, much more appealing that previous watches from LG, Huawei or Asus.  What really underpins this new device, however, is the new software. That will be coming to a wide range of devices (from 15 February), but this is one of the few devices that will offer that rotational control. The software is more mature, more useful and better designed than the previous Android Wear experience and that should help this platform grow.  With LTE and Android Pay also in the mix, this is a completely connected device that opens up new opportunities for smartwatch wearers. We've not been this excited about an Android Wear device for some time. The LG Watch Sport will be available from 10 February in the US, priced at $349. It will be available from AT&T, Verizon, Best Buy and on Google Store. The LG Watch Sport will be coming to Canada, Korea, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Taiwan, UAE and the UK in the coming weeks. Sections Google LG Smartwatches Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Android Wear 2.0: What's new in the major software update for watches? Best smartwatches 2017: The best smart wristwear available to buy today When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Popular In Smartwatches On Pocket-lint When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Polar M600 will update to Android Wear 2.0, add indoor swimming metrics this spring Verizon quietly debuts its first watch 'Wear24' running Android Wear 2.0 LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style: Release date, specs and everything else you need to know LG Watch Sport preview: The crown prince of Android Wear 2.0 Official: LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style are Google's first Android Wear 2.0 watches Android Wear 2.0 update coming from 15 February to existing watches iPhone owners to benefit from Android Wear 2.0, thanks to standalone apps LG Watch Sport vs LG Watch Style: What’s the difference? Android Wear 2.0: What's new in the major software update for watches? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Tab S2: What's the rumoured difference? When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? What is PS4 Pro boost mode, when’s it coming and how does improve all PS4 games? New Samsung leak reveals the logo for the upcoming Galaxy S8+ Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover Huawei EMUI 5.0 tips and tricks: Hidden gems and problem fixes for Huawei’s mobile OS KeepVid Pro video downloader: Download any video from the web - including YouTube Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search iPhone owners to benefit from Android Wear 2.0, thanks to standalone apps Chris Hall8 February 2017Smartwatches LG Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Android Wear has supported the iPhone for a while, but the experience has been rather jilted. Unlike the Apple Watch, the experience didn't "just work", it was more a case of "barely worked". There are a lot of reasons why, not least because of the approach that Apple takes to keeping its ecosystem locked down tight, but also because of the lack of Google's Play Store on the iPhone, meaning a dirge of apps. You can read all about the old position on the link below. What's Android Wear really like on iPhone? One of the big changes in Android Wear 2.0 is standalone apps. This means that the app can be installed directly on the watch, which has its own app store. Currently, you'd have to install the Wear compatible app on your Android phone to enjoy it on your watch.  With Android Wear 2.0, your watch will be able to connect itself to the network, either via Wi-Fi or LTE (if and when LTE-equipped watches hit the market), so you can install those apps directly, with no need for a connected device.  For an iPhone user, that means you can install Uber or Strava or Runkeeper on an Android Wear smartwatch, without encountering any problems with your iPhone, as one isn't dependent on the other. Google has confirmed that the following apps will be standalone, so can be used by Android or iPhone users:  AccuWeather Android Pay Bring! Foursquare Google Fit Google Messenger Google Play Music Lifesum Robinhood Runkeeper Runtastic Strava Telegram Uber and many more The interesting app on this list is Android Pay. That's a given for Android phone users, but it appears that iPhone users will at some point in the future also have the freedom to use Android Pay on their wrist, meaning they don't lose out on this convenience feature by not using an Apple Watch.  There's no real telling what the overall experience is going to be like for an iPhone user, and we suspect it won’t be as seamless and slick as it is on Apple Watch, but Android Wear 2.0 could unlock a whole world of variety when it comes to choosing your next piece of connected wristwear. LG Watch Sport preview: The crown prince of Android Wear 2.0 Sections Apple Google Smartwatches Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Android Wear 2.0: What's new in the major software update for watches? Best smartwatches 2017: The best smart wristwear available to buy today When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Popular In Smartwatches On Pocket-lint When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Polar M600 will update to Android Wear 2.0, add indoor swimming metrics this spring Verizon quietly debuts its first watch 'Wear24' running Android Wear 2.0 LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style: Release date, specs and everything else you need to know LG Watch Sport preview: The crown prince of Android Wear 2.0 Official: LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style are Google's first Android Wear 2.0 watches Android Wear 2.0 update coming from 15 February to existing watches iPhone owners to benefit from Android Wear 2.0, thanks to standalone apps LG Watch Sport vs LG Watch Style: What’s the difference? Android Wear 2.0: What's new in the major software update for watches? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Tab S2: What's the rumoured difference? When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? What is PS4 Pro boost mode, when’s it coming and how does improve all PS4 games? New Samsung leak reveals the logo for the upcoming Galaxy S8+ Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover Huawei EMUI 5.0 tips and tricks: Hidden gems and problem fixes for Huawei’s mobile OS KeepVid Pro video downloader: Download any video from the web - including YouTube Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next Did he give them an Och-ayePhone? Apple chief Tim Cook visits Glasgow to collect honorary degree - and admits he once went looking for Nessie  Tim Cook made a surprise visit to staff in Glasgow on Wednesday afternoon He is in Scotland to collect an honorary degree from the University of Glasgow The CEO was presented with a tartan scarf and an embroidered picture The embroidered picture shows Mr Cook waving and the words: 'Welcome Tim'  By Rachael Burford For Mailonline Published: 12:09 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 17:54 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail 111 shares 17 View comments Apple boss Tim Cook has made a surprise visit to staff in Glasgow during a visit to pick up an honorary degree from the city's university. The chief executive stopped for around 15 minutes this afternoon and was presented with two gifts - a tartan scarf and an embroidered picture - at the store. He said he loved the scarf but asked: 'How are you supposed to fold this?' Scroll down for video  Staff photo: Apple boss Tim Cook has made a surprise visit to staff in Glasgow during a visit to pick up an honorary degree from the city's university  Local trinkets: Mr Cook was presented with two gifts - a tartan scarf (left) and an embroidered picture (right) Mr Cook, with University Chancellor Kenneth Calman (left) and Principal and Vice Chancellor Anton Muscatelli (right) was awarded a doctorate of science at the University of Glasgow later The embroidered picture shows Mr Cook waving and the words 'Welcome Tim', also featuring Saltire flags and an image of the Loch Ness monster. He joked: 'That's great. I recall looking for the Loch Ness monster in 1984. Everything is right but the colour of the hair.' Mr Cook was awarded a doctorate of science in a ceremony at the university later, where he re-iterated his opposition to US President's Donald Trump's travel ban. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tech vs. Trump: Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and... Chauffeur-driven cars, taxpayer-funded suits and hospitality... Is this the oldest mobile phone in Britain? Ex-soldier, 49,... Selfie-loving mother, 30, who calls herself 'The Devil¿s... Share this article Share 111 shares During a Q&A with students and university staff he was asked for his response to Mr Trump's order targeting people from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Mr Cook said: 'I wrote this letter, you probably read about it unless you're living underground, about the most recent executive order that was issued in the US. 'We have employees that secured a work visa, they brought family to the US, but happened to be outside the US when the executive order was issued and all of a sudden their families were affected. They couldn't get back in. Big boss: Apple chief executive dropped into the company's Buchanan Street store in Glasgow to surprise staff Good times: Since taking the helm of the company, Mr Cook has led the introduction of new products such as the iPhone 7, iPad Pro and Apple Watch 'That's a crisis. You can imagine the stress. If we stand and say nothing it's as if we're agreeing, that we become a part of it. It's important to speak out.' It's the first UK university to offer him an honorary degree, although he accepted one at the George Washington State University and is a patron of Trinity College Dublin. It is not thought that he has links to the city although he has previously spoken out about privacy and security issues, which the students have also campaigned about. The students elected whistleblower Edward Snowden as rector in 2014 after he revealed widespread phone and internet surveillance done by US security agencies. Mr Cook has taken a strong stance on user privacy and clashed with US intelligence agencies last year over the issue. He took part in a 'fireside chat' and a Q&A session with students and university staff. Tickets for the event sold out in under an hour.  He was given a doctorate of science and used the opportunity to re-iterate his views on the Trump travel ban in a speech A spokeswoman for the University of Glasgow said: 'The event was greeted by a huge amount of excitement on campus, with tickets snapped up within an hour of becoming available. 'Mr Cook received his honorary degree in front of approximately 1,000 students and staff, after which he took part in an engaging fireside question and answer session with the audience.'  Since taking the helm of the company, Mr Cook has led the introduction of new products such as the iPhone 7, iPad Pro and Apple Watch. He is also leading a company-wide effort to use 100 per cent renewable energy at all Apple facilities. In 2015, the 56-year-old became an honorary patron of Trinity College Dublin's Philosophical Society and gave a talk to students.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 111 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (17) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Necessary updates, but the work’s not done: A closer look at the new Google Fit Can Google Fit stand up to Apple Health and Fitbit? Valentina Palladino - Feb 8, 2017 5:00 pm UTC Enlarge Valentina Palladino reader comments 15 Share this story Android Wear 2.0 is officially out, and Google has welcomed the update into the world with two new smartwatches: the LG Sport Watch and the LG Style Watch. While Android Wear now has a bunch of new and improved features, we wanted to take a new look at Google Fit specifically. Shortly after Apple came out with the Health app and HealthKit framework, Google released the Fit as its way of collecting and storing everyday activity data from multiple sources. Android Wear, along with third-party app integrations, allows you to use Google Fit more efficiently by tracking workouts with hardware that should be more accurate than the motion sensors inside your smartphone. Google Fit was updated last year, so I spent some time with LG's Style Watch and Google Fit to see how the fitness app has evolved, how well it interacts with one of the newest Android Wear devices, and if it will really be able to stand up to Apple's and Fitbit's programs going forward. LG Style Watch overview Further ReadingLG Watch Sport review: Google’s bulky watch breaks free from the smartphoneArs' Ron Amadeo spent some time with the $349 LG Sport Watch, and I tested the $249 LG Style Watch. While the Style is certainly more svelte than its counterpart, that slimness contributes to the Style being a less-equipped a fitness device. Unlike the Sport, which has built-in GPS, an optical heart rate monitor, and a barometer, the Style only has an accelerometer and gyroscope inside. That means the $250 device will tell you as much as the $79 Fitbit Flex 2 or $99 Fitbit Alta if fitness is your biggest consideration in a smartwatch purchase. Clearly, Google and LG banked on the Sport being the primary device for fitness enthusiasts, while the Style is geared more to fashion-focused consumers. The companies push the style as the slimmest Android Wear device you can buy, and it is quite slim, measuring just 10.79mm thick. Sense of style is all about personal preference, and for me, the Style has all the personality of a generic watch emoji, making it too bland to be considered truly fashion-forward. Plenty of wearables companies strike a balance between minimalist design and gadgets that are immediately identifiable and recognizable, but Google and LG missed the mark with the Style. Going back to fitness, the LG Style does run Android Wear 2.0, which includes separate Google Fit and Fit Workout apps. Fit is now mostly an informational app, showing your overall fitness goal immediately upon launching the app. Scrolling down the watch's display shows your total step count, total distance traveled, active minutes, and calories burned for the current day as well. In Fit, the bottom third of the circular display becomes a button that gives you quick access to Fit Workout, where you can start recording exercises. The Style supports a decent list of activities: walking, running, biking, treadmill running, stationary biking, aerobics (better known as the "miscellaneous" category), stair climbing, and pushup, sit up, and squat challenges. LG's Style Watch running Android Wear 2.0. Genuine leather band. Button closures attach the band to the case. Google Fit homepage on the watch. Fit Workout's exercise options The Android Wear 2.0 app drawer. The on-watch Play Store app. For the cardio exercises, the Style is on point, with distance calculations and measurements close to the Apple Watch Series 2 in calorie estimates. The "challenge" exercises count every rep you complete accurately, and I appreciate that the app shows you a short instructional video to teach you proper form for push-ups, sit-ups, and squats. Form is important for getting the most out of your workout and reducing the risk of injury, but proper form also ensures that the watch can track every rep you do correctly. I was very disappointed to see the Style doesn't support the weight training category that the Sport does, which automatically recognizes which exercises you're doing while tracking reps. I reached out to Google to confirm which Sport sensors allow the feature. As it turns out, only the accelerometer and gyroscope are needed for that feature, but it's not enabled on the Style because it's considered too "battery-intensive." In the future, Google will consider bringing the feature to other Android Wear devices, but that's a bummer for anyone thinking that they could use all Google Fit has to offer when buying the LG Style. At least Google did right by this feature on the LG Sport: Ron was impressed with the auto-recognition's accuracy in detecting every different weight training move he did. In light of that left-out feature, let's talk about battery life. The Style sports a 240mAh battery, which lasted all day during normal use, including one workout (I did use it with a Galaxy S7 Edge, not an iPhone). After wearing it for 15 hours, it still had about 25 percent battery life left. That's not too bad considering most smartwatches last about a day or two on a single charge. But what was more concerning was the Style's performance in our Android Wear battery test. This sends a Hangouts message to the watch every 15 seconds to keep the CPU at work and wake up the display. On average, the Style lasted 176 minutes in our testing, or just under three hours. Even during general use, I could tell that the watch lost battery life faster on the days that my wrist was vibrating with more smartphone notifications than usual. But perhaps the Style's most disappointing feature is its price. The $249 Style banks on the idea that you mostly want a smartwatch for notifications and communication rather than fitness. The Sport is the better fitness device purely because it has a built-in heart rate monitor, GPS, and can auto-recognize exercises. However, the Style remains overpriced for what it offers. There are much more fashionable wearables than LG's watch, and many of them are cheaper, too. But they're not all Android Wear devices—yet. Once Android Wear 2.0 hits new and existing devices, there will be better-looking devices that run Google's wearable OS. The LG Style Watch should be priced at $200 since you're only getting Android Wear 2.0 and the least-capable version of the improved Google Fit. Android Wear 2.0 certainly brings valuable improvements, including an onboard version of the Play Store that lets you download apps to the watch free from companion smartphone apps. But $250 is a lot to ask for a device that is more of a showcase for Android Wear than anything else, as it lacks many of the practical and useful hardware features that other wearable device makers include on cheaper devices. Page: 1 2 Next → Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 15 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple sold more than 15 million iPads last quarter 01/24/2012 at 8:10 PM by Brad Linder Over and over I hear from tablet makers that there’s not really a tablet market yet… there’s an iPad market. While it seems like every day a new Android tablet is announced, nobody is selling as many tablet as Apple yet — and Apple’s numbers just keep growing. The company released its quarterly earnings report today — and announced that Apple sold 15.43 million iPads in the most recent quarter. That’s a 111 percent increase over the same period a year earlier. Apple also sold 37.04 million iPhones, 15.4 million iPods, and 5.2 million Macs. While the iPod number actually represents a 21 percent decline from a year ago, the rest of the numbers are way up and Apple had its most profitable quarter ever. If there’s one company that industry watchers expected to have an impact on iPad sales, it’s Amazon. The Amazon Kindle Fire hit the streets in November, and while the $199 tablet doesn’t have all of the iPad’s features, it does sell for less than half the price. Amazon also has popular digital music, movie, book, and app stores which give the Kindle Fire a bit of an edge over many other Android tablets. While there are indications that Amazon has sold “millions” of tablets, the company hasn’t released exact sales figures — and Apple CEO Tim Cook says he hasn’t seen any indication that the launch of the Kindle Fire helped or hurt iPad sales at all. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Matti Still a lot of rich people in the world, it seems…. and here I thought there was a global recession. Latest News BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 is a cheap, rugged Android phone Budget phone maker BLU's latest device is a $130 Android smartphone that has a … [Read More...] Reports: Xiaomi is working on its own line of smartphone chips, dubbed “Pinecone” Chinese phone maker Xiaomi also produces a whole bunch of other things, … [Read More...] GPD Pocket 7 inch laptop crowfunding campaign starts Feb 15th The GPD Pocket is a tiny laptop computer with a 7 inch full HD display, an Intel … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (2-10-2017) Sure, the biggest smartphone show of the year is coming up at the end of the … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
EPIX Launches on Apple TV EPIX Delivers Its Premium Content to Authenticated Subscribers, Including Live Linear Channels and Advanced Video Playback Features February 08, 2017 10:30 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Premium entertainment network EPIX announced that starting today, the EPIX app will be available on Apple TV (4th generation) to all authenticated subscribers. EPIX on Apple TV offers subscribers access to EPIX’s breadth of premium content, including its critically acclaimed original series Berlin Station and Golden Globe nominated Graves; groundbreaking original documentary programming such as America Divided; thousands of movies on demand, including big franchises The Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek; as well as music and comedy events featuring marquee talent, like Katy Perry, Louis CK, Wanda Sykes and more. Key features of the EPIX app include its content-forward user experience, the ability to watch a multiplex of EPIX live linear channels, the capability to add content to a personal queue, free sampling, curated collections, advanced search and video playback features, and movie trailers. New subscribers can also gain access to a limited free trial of the app exclusively on Apple TV. “EPIX was created in anticipation of the digital revolution, launching with more content across more devices than any other network,” said Mark Greenberg, President and CEO of EPIX. “Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I’m proud to make our content available on Apple TV.” EPIX is also available to authenticated subscribers on iPhone and iPad, where, in addition to the features included in the Apple TV app, users can also take advantage of offline viewing with the EPIX downloads feature, 3D Touch, and multi-tasking/picture-in-picture integration. About EPIX EPIX is a premium entertainment network delivering the latest movie releases and biggest classic film franchises, plus original programming including series, documentaries, comedy and music specials – all available on TV, on demand, online and across devices. Launched in October 2009, EPIX pioneered the development and proliferation of “TV Everywhere.” It was the first premium network to provide multi-platform access to its content online at EPIX.com and to launch on Xbox, PlayStation®, Android phones and tablets, and Roku® players. EPIX is also available across iPhone, iPad and Apple TV, Chromecast, Android TV and more delivering more movies than any other premium network, with thousands of titles available for streaming. EPIX is a joint venture between Viacom Inc., its Paramount Pictures unit, Lionsgate and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (MGM). Through relationships with cable, satellite and telco partners, EPIX is available to over 50 million homes nationwide. For more information about EPIX, go to www.EPIX.com. Follow EPIX on Twitter @EpixHD (http://www.twitter.com/EpixHD), Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/EPIX), YouTube (http://youtube.com/EPIX), Instagram (http://instagram.com/EPIX) and Snapchat @EPIXTV. Contacts EPIX Michelle Hinchey, 212-846-5147 mhinchey@epix.com or Hayley Milbourn, 212-446-1870 Contacts EPIX Michelle Hinchey, 212-846-5147 mhinchey@epix.com or Hayley Milbourn, 212-446-1870 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1201 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 EPIX network comes to Apple TV today for subscribers (w/ an exclusive free trial) Jordan Kahn - Feb. 8th 2017 8:22 am PT @JordanKahn Apple TV View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit TV network EPIX is arriving for fourth-generation Apple TV users today with a new app on the App Store, but it will only be available to those already subscribed to the service through cable providers, the company announced. EPIX is, however, offering a free trial for non-subscribers exclusively through the new Apple TV app, meaning all will get to at least try the service starting today before having to subscribe later after the trial ends. Key features of the EPIX app include its content-forward user experience, the ability to watch a multiplex of EPIX live linear channels, the capability to add content to a personal queue, free sampling, curated collections, advanced search and video playback features, and movie trailers. New subscribers can also gain access to a limited free trial of the app exclusively on Apple TV. The Apple TV app for the most part mirrors the experience already available to subscribers through previously available EPIX apps for iPhone and iPad. That means you’ll have access to the network’s tv shows, documentaries and movies on-demand, as well as live channels mentioned above. The Apple TV app doesn’t include a download feature for offline viewing or picture-in-picture features that the company notes are available in the iOS app. The requirement of having to authenticate a subscription through a cable provider is nothing new and currently standard for similar services on Apple TV. Apple recently rolled out a new feature called Single Sign-on for iOS 10 and tvOS 10 that makes logging into various content apps and authenticating with a cable provider easier for supported providers. The new EPIX app for Apple TV (fourth-gen) is available starting today. Guides Apple TV View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Now you can watch Epix shows like 'Berlin Station' on Apple TV Already available on game consoles and Roku boxes, cable station Epix is finally adding an Apple TV app. Digital Media by Dan Ackerman 9 February 2017 3:30 am AEDT @danackerman Epix Subscribers to the premium cable network Epix will now be able to watch on their 4th-gen Apple TV boxes. The network, owned by Viacom, Lionsgate and MGM, says the Apple TV app will be available starting today. "Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I'm proud to make our content available on Apple TV," Epix CEO Mark Greenberg said in a press release. The channel has a handful of original programs, including Berlin Station and Graves, and is also known for running films from the Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek franchises. Current subscribers can log in using their cable credentials. Non-subscribers can get a free trial, but then have to sign up through their TV service provider. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Digital Media Media Streamers Product Info Garmin Epix See it More stories Met Museum releases 375,000 images for free, unrestricted use Facebook gets serious about the big bucks in TV shows Anime streamer Crunchyroll swells past 1M paid subscribers ​Two million of us now are HBO Now subscribers Close   Discuss: Now you can watch Epix shows like 'Berlin... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Headphones News / Beats X wireless earphones guide – UK release date, price, specs and where to buy Beats X wireless earphones guide – UK release date, price, specs and where to buy by Sean Keach 22 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Beats X UK release date, price, and where to buy: Our guide explains everything you need to know about Apple’s new wireless Beats X headphones. What are they, when can you get them, and how much will they cost? Let us reveal all. (Update: 10 February 2017): The Beats X wireless headphones are now available to buy on the online Apple Store. Scroll down for a Buy Now link. Beats X Release Date and Price: When can you get them? The Beats X headphones went on sale on February 10, 2017 in the UK and US. And they’ll set you back a hefty £129.95 here, or $149 in the States. They're currently live on both Apple's UK and US websites now, so get them while stocks last – we'd expect these earbuds to be seriously in-demand, so the sooner you can snap yours up, the better. Buy Now: Beats X at Apple Store UK Buy Now: Beats X at Apple Store US Overall, the pricing seems more fair than the Apple AirPods, which cost £159 in the UK and $159 in the USA. At launch, there’ll be white and black versions available, with new grey and blue colour options coming later. Wait, what are Beats X again? The Beats X are a new pair of headphones developed by Apple’s subsidiary, Beats Electronics (of Dr Dre fame). They were actually announced back in September, but the launch was delayed until 2017 for unknown reasons. The Beats X wireless in the sense that they connect to your phone via Bluetooth. But unlike Apple’s controversial AirPods, there’s a wire that connects the two buds. This “Flex-Form” cable lets the headphones rest around your neck when not in use. Even better, the earbuds attach to each other magnetically, maximising both comfort and swag – or something. They come with a carrying case, as well as removable wingtips for maximum comfort. Charging works via Lightning connector, which is mildly surprising considering most Beats headphones charge using the more common Micro USB. Related: Best running headphones Beats X Specs: Are they any good? It’s too early to say whether the Beats X will sound good – we’ll need a full review for that. But we’re hopeful that they’ll be decent enough, considering the fact that they run on the same custom-built W1 chip that powers Apple’s AIrPods (3.5/5 in our review). As well as powering the audio firmware, this chip allows the headphones to pair automatically with an iPhone. There’s Android support too, we should add. The Beats X are apparently capable of playing music for eight hours between charges, although we’ll be putting that to the test when we get a pair. Better still, Apple says that just five minutes of charging will net you two hours of playback when the battery is low. Oh, and there’s a dedicated Siri button too – just like the AirPods. The only word of warning we’d offer is that these headphones aren’t rated as sweat-proof, so you may want to think twice before donning these for your next interval training session. Related: Best headphones Watch: Headphone buying guide What do you think of Apple’s Beats X headphones? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay IN HAND! BRAND NEW Apple AirPods AirPod Wireless Earphones - SHIPS IMMEDIATELY!! $239.99 View Item IN HAND! BRAND NEW Apple AirPods AirPod AIR POD Wireless Earphones - SHIPS ASAP! $268.88 View Item IN HAND READY TO SHIP - Apple AirPods Wireless Headphones FREE SHIPPING $269.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments jimmy February 8, 2017, 4:36 pm "It’s too early to say whether the Beats X will sound good " They're made by Beats, that should be an easy answer :p H00pyFr00d February 10, 2017, 8:42 am Yep, as good as a £30 pair of headphones, just with more money spent on advertising. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Apple BeatsX wireless earphones: Price, release date and features for Apple AirPods alternative Banded earphones launch in UK and US on 10 February. By Oliver Cragg February 8, 2017 16:35 GMT BeatsX launch on 10 FebruaryApple BeatsX, a premium set of Bluetooth earphones, are finally set to be released to rival Apple's AirPods. Announced alongside the iPhone 7 in September 2016, the BeatsX wireless earphones will be available from 10 February for £129.95 ($149.95 in the US) from Apple's online store, retail stores and selected retailers. While lacking the completely cable-free appeal of the £159 AirPods, Beats by Dre's cheaper alternative comes with a "Flex Form" neckband for comfort on the move, "Fast Fuel" charging which promises two hours of playback from a five-minute charge, and also boasts the same hassle-free, almost instantaneous device pairing as the AirPods thanks to the inclusion of Apple's W1 chip. BeatsX: Features and sound quality The latest audio set from Apple's subsidiary also includes a built-in mic for voice control and Siri activation, inline volume and playback controls and four sets of different sized eartips to go alongside the "secure-fit" wingtips. The BeatsX earphones are compatible with all current models of iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Mac — as well as Android smartphones. As for the audio quality, Apple promises "authentic, clear acoustics delivery crisp sound fit for your life" on the BeatsX store page, as well as "optimised noise isolation", "clean treble response", and "distortion-free bass". The BeatsX earphones are the last of Beats' initial iPhone 7-ready range to launch and follows the worldwide release of the similarly in-ear Power Beats 3 Wireless and the Beats Solo3 on-ear headphones. While the Power Beats are generally marketed at the fitness market, the BeatsX seems to be targeting a broader audience and potentially those unconvinced by Apple's wire-free AirPods. Looking for the best of the best when it comes to untethered tunes? Be sure to read IBTimes UK's rundown of the top 10 wireless headphones of 2017. Also, for anyone considering Apple's AirPods, you can read our review here. More from IBTimes UK Apple Watch sales dominate global smartwatch market share - estimated 12m shipped in 2016 Fire breaks out at Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery factory 'I hacked your Facebook, now show me your t**s': Sextorter of underage girls jailed for 8 years Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Four top tips for avoiding fake news Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Where will the next Call of Duty be set in 2017? Our top picks include World War 2, Vietnam and Iraq As Activision promises CoD will "return to its roots", we speculate... Best gadget deals of the week: Samsung Gear 3, 4K TVs and Amazon Fire Tablet More savings on tech, which this week includes smartwatches, fitness... Every new McLaren car will be hybrid-electric by 2025 Woking supercar maker joins Ferrari with plans to electrify entire... Is the Trump administration using a self-destructing phone app to prevent data leaks? Use of encrypted Confide app may prevent someone being the next John... Mission possible: Self-destructing phones are now a reality This story will self-destruct in 10 seconds. If Destiny 2 is delayed until 2018, Activision acquires a 'hefty chunk' of Bungie shares Good thing it probably will release in 2017 then. Apple accused of storing your 'deleted' browsing history records for over a year Elcomsoft could extract records previously assumed banished to the... Obama's White House photographer Pete Souza throws shade at Trump on Instagram Pete Souza has alluded to some of the controversies and reports... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors. Here's what that UAC story really means. Several blogs reported that Apple was developing a new "Ultra Accessory Connector" (UAC) that's smaller than USB-C and Lightning, but Apple says it isn't new at all. Phones by David Carnoy February 6, 2017 1:58 PM PST @DavidCarnoy Big news! Apple is not killing off a port Misinterpretation of an online report led some to believe that Apple might do what it's done in the past. We talked to Apple to clear things up. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:20 Close Drag Enlarge Image Apple's alleged new connector is an old off-the-shelf connector used with such products as Nikon cameras. http://www.jcshop.co.uk/ Apple blog 9to5Mac reported today that Apple was planning a "new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories," which created a small uproar in the blogosphere. Another Apple connector? There's Lightning for iPhones and iPads, and USB-C for Macs. Why do we need another connector, and a potentially proprietary one at that? Aren't we already using too many dongles? But hold on. Apple told CNET that the alleged new connector isn't new at all and has been around for years and used with such products as Nikon cameras. The problem is it doesn't have a standard name. Foxlink calls that Nikon connector the UC-E6 while Mitsumi calls it the Ultra Mini Connector. To help standardize the name, Apple said it dubbed it the "Ultra Accessory Connector." So, new name, but not a new connector. Apple is simply supporting the off-the-shelf connector as part of its MFi ("Made for iPhone") certification program. Companies don't need to use the connector, but it's one Apple will support in the program, Apple told CNET. 9to5Mac reported that "Apple will allow accessory manufacturers to make Lightning to UAC, USB-A to UAC, and 3.5mm headset jacks to UAC, which would allow headphones with a UAC port to connect to various Apple devices." That part of the article is accurate, CNET confirmed. So, rest easy, folks: There isn't a totally new proprietary Apple connector in the works -- that anybody knows about yet, anyway. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 10 iPhone 8's iris scanner, wireless charging rumors pick up steam Feb 10 All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says Feb 10 Apple's W1 Bluetooth chip, explained Feb 10 The iPhone 10th anniversary edition could cost $1,000 All Apple Stories More stories LG G6 teasers emphasize battery life, artificial intelligence All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says LeEco's one-day sale includes phones, large-screen TVs Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! How a Former Amazon and Roku Star Could Revive Apple TV – Fortune Posted on February 8, 2017 by Fortune Why isn’t Apple king of the living room? The computer maker expanded expertly from Macs to iPods to iPhones over the past two decades, dragging along almost the entire entertainment industry into its vast and growing digital ecosystem. But somehow, the … Apple hires Amazon’s Fire TV boss as Apple TV leaderComputerworld Apple poaches Amazon’s Fire TV boss to lead Apple TV businessBGR Apple hires former head of Amazon’s Fire TV unit to lead Apple TV operationsAppleInsider (press release) (blog) 9 to 5 Mac -Mac Rumors -Ars Technica -USA TODAY all 43 news articles …read more wrote 26466 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Google’s secret, billion-dollar Magic Leap prototype leaked – Deccan Chronicle Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality’s Potential (Again) – Nasdaq Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves – Mobile & Apps Leaks Reveal Note 7 Debacle Has Made Galaxy S8 Worse – Tech Times Steam Direct is better than Greenlight, but the size of its fee will make or break it – PC Gamer Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Canon EOS M5 Fujifilm GFX 50S Sony CyberShot RX100 V Nikon D5600 Panasonic Lumix GH5 Sony Alpha 6500   News Headlines APPLE CANON FUJIFILM HTC HUAWEI LG MICROSOFT NIKON OLYMPUS PANASONIC PENTAX SAMSUNG SONY              LetsGoDigital    Digital Cameras    Digital Camera Ratings    New Digital Camera    Digital Camera Reviews    Camera Reviews    Nikon SLR Reviews    Camera Housings    Digital Camera Compare    Digital Photo Gallery    Mobile Phones    Banner Advertising   Camera quick selector Acer (18) AgfaPhoto (54) BenQ (108) Canon (334) Casio (154) Concord (41) Contax (5) Epson (11) Fujifilm (376) GE (56) HP (66) Jenoptik (48) JVC (2) Kodak (182) Konica (18) Konica-Minolta (23) Kyocera (17) Leica (45) Minolta (25) Minox (47) Nikon (287) Olympus (294) Panasonic (276) Pentax (146) Praktica (121) Ricoh (73) Rollei (119) Samsung (287) Sanyo (81) Sigma (16) Sony (313) Toshiba (19) Vivitar (43) Yakumo (26)       Photography News     Camera Reviews Mark Peters : February 8th 2017 - 15:55 CET Apple leading brand in smartwatches Apple Watch most popular smartwatch at the moment : Apple set a new quarterly shipment record in Q4 2016, contributing to total smartwatch shipments exceeding 9 million units. This global market figure was largely driven by Apple’s 6 million shipments, representing year-on-year growth of 12%. It was the Apple Watch’s best quarter despite being significantly handicapped by supply constraints, even though Apple simultaneously expanded its supply chain. According to Canalys estimates, the Apple Watch generated more than US$2.6 billion in revenue for Apple in Q4 2016, making up nearly 80% of total smartwatch revenue. For a complete version of this market report, visit the Canalys website. Android smartwatches In the coming quarters, Samsung is expected to push shipments of its Gear S3 Classic and Gear S3 Frontier. Also, Android Wear shipment volumes will bounce back significantly, as new products that were postponed due to the delay of Android Wear 2.0 will soon be launched. Apple's smartwatch lead will increasingly be challenged by the rebounding competition. “Apart from the hardware and software improvements of the new models, Apple succeeded mainly due to its streamlined marketing and re-aligned pricing, which helped it address a wider audience,” said Analyst Jason Low. "The Series 1’s lower entry price and Apple’s more focused fitness messaging made its Watch both more attainable and more relevant.” Canalys estimates that Apple cumulatively shipped 11.9 million Watches in 2016, holding market share of around 50% globally for the year. Upcoming smartwatch brands Xiaomi also enjoyed a record quarter of its own for basic band shipments, reaching 5.5 million Mi Bands. “New batches of Mi Band 2s were shipped in time for the Singles’ Day shopping festival in China”, according to Analyst Jason Low. “Building on the success of its first-generation Mi Band, Xiaomi quickly expanded the availability of the Mi Band 2 across Asia Pacific and Central and Eastern Europe. India, Poland and Russia were key markets where the device was introduced alongside the company’s Mi and Redmi smartphones through direct and third-party online channels.” Wearable and Virtual Reality Analysis service Wearable band shipment data is taken from Canalys’ Wearable and Virtual Reality Analysis service, which provides quarterly market tracking, including country-level estimates. Canalys defines smartwatches as multi-purpose devices that serve as accessories to smart devices, are designed to be worn on the body and not carried, run an operating system and can run third-party computing applications. Basic bands are devices serving a specific set of purposes that act as accessories to smart devices, are designed to be worn on the body and not carried, and cannot run third-party computing applications. Bands are wearables designed to be wrapped around the body, including watches, and do not include activity trackers in the form of clips.    Latest smartwatches    Apple smartwatches    Android smartwatches    Next  Kyocera 4G LTE rugged smartphone wins Award    Previous  Logitech BRIO 4K Pro web camera    News by brand:Apple    News by category:Smartwatches & Smartwear    News by brand and category:Apple Smartwatches & Smartwear Latest Apple announcements Apple updates professional video editing app Apple TV app for iPhone and iPad Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Apple Watch Nike+ What does an iPhone 7 cost to manufacture? Apple iPhone 7 test photos Apple iPhone 7 smartphone series Apple iOS 10 mobile operating system Apple iPhone SE smartphone Apple iMac with 4K and 5K Retina Displays Apple OS X El Capitan desktop operating system New iPhone 6S handsets are hot! Interchangeable phone case for iPhone 6s Apple Watch Sport Models Apple iPad Pro   Latest news headlines Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro smartphone officially launched Samsung Odyssey premium notebook Toshiba notebooks with advanced docking solutions Nikon employs commercial activities with Mini Lava Connect VoLTE enabled feature phone Logitech car mount for Android phones ZTE Axon 7 smartphone receives Android Nougat update Nikon KeyMission 360 test videos NEC curved display with 3440 x 1440 resolution Mobile World Congress Americas 2017 Kyocera 4G LTE rugged smartphone wins Award Apple leading brand in smartwatches Logitech BRIO 4K Pro web camera KPN best mobile provider in the Netherlands ISE 2017 Immersive Technology Zone       Accessories Android Apps Camcorders Digital cameras Mobile phones Smartphones Software Tablets   CES CeBIT Gadgets IFA Photokina PMA  
Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing By Dan Pye ● 3 days ago Apple has recruited Timothy Twerdahl, the former head of Amazon’s Fire TV unit, to be the new vice president heading up Apple TV’s product marketing, Bloomberg reports. The move has pushed out the role’s former occupant, Pete Distad, who sources say will now be working with Eddy Cue on Apple’s ongoing efforts to secure new streams of content. Twerdahl brings plenty of experience in the streaming content and set-top device industry, spending time as an executive at Netflix and vice president at Roku before he landed at Amazon. Comments « EPIX launches Apple TV app Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription » Related Stories EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers Notes from Apple’s Q1 2017 earnings call Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Apple releases tvOS 10.1.1, watchOS 3.1.3 Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Share Tweet iPad Air 3 rumours: 3 new iPads to launch in March, with Apple Pencil 2 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPad News New iPad Air 3 release date, price and specification rumours UK New iPad Air 3 release date, price and specification rumours UK: Three new iPad models 'to launch in March 2017', alongside Apple Pencil 2 New iPad Air 3 release date, price and specification rumours UK When will Apple release the iPad Air 3 - or whatever Apple calls its next 9.7-inch iPad model? And, following the iPad Air 2's second birthday, is Apple killing off the iPad Air line... or even the entire Air brand, laptops and all? Let's look at the evidence, in our iPad Air 3 release date UK rumour roundup. Latest: reports (and a supply-chain source) claim iPad Air 3 will launch in March of this year, alongside the Apple Pencil 2, and an analyst has predicted that Apple will release a folding iPad. by David Price | 08 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents Release date Poll - How often do you update your iPad? Design Tech specs Price New features wishlist When will Apple release the iPad Air 3 in the UK? And what design, tech specs, new features and UK price should we expect from Apple's next mid-size (9.7-inch) iPad, whether it's called iPad Air 3, iPad Pro 2, just plain iPad, The New iPad or something else? Finally, is Apple killing off the iPad Air brand - or even the entire Air brand, laptops and all? The most recent mid-size iPad was announced in March 2016, but it wasn't the new iPad Air 3 some had expected; instead, Apple unveiled its 9.7-inch iPad Pro, featuring improved specs, design tweaks and more. Does this mean Apple is going to discontinue the iPad Air line, sticking to Pro branding for both 9.7- and 12.9-inch iPads in future? (And maybe even releasing an iPad Pro mini or iPad Pro 7.9in instead of the iPad mini 5?) Or will it carry on releasing 9.7-inch iPads in both Pro and Air configurations, much as it has done with the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro? In this article we look at rumours about the the iPad Air 3's release date in the UK, and talk about possible new features and design changes to expect. Bookmark this page and check back regularly for the latest information: as rumours circulate and news leaks out, we'll update it with everything you need to know about the new iPad Air 3: design, features, size and specifications, the differences between the next-gen iPad Air 3 and the current iPad Air 2, the iPad Air 3's UK launch date and likely UK pricing, and much, much more. Updated, 19 January 2017, with a rumour that new iPads will launch in March 2017, alongside the Apple Pencil 2; on 9 Jan, with a new report predicting three new iPad models in March; on 15 Dec 2016, to talk about predictions of a Westworld-style folding iPad; and on 29 Nov, to discuss rumours of a new line of iPads with a 10.9-inch screen. iPad buying advice: If you're more interested in the current iPad range, read our 12.9-inch iPad Pro review, 9.7-inch iPad Pro review and iPad Air 2 review, and our iPad mini 4 review and iPad mini 2 review. And remember to check our iPad buying guide 2017 and best cheap iPad deals UK. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Release date March 2017 is the most likely release date for the iPad Air 3, although it's by no means certain that Apple will release another iPad Air model. With no new iPads appearing at either Apple's September iPhone 7 launch or at its October MacBook Pro event, March 2017 looks like the next logical timing for new iPads, although whether these will include iPad Air models seems less certain. In January 2017 the Chinese-language tech news site Wei Feng reported a rumour from Apple's Asian supply-chain, claiming that updated iPads would be announced in March 2017 alongside the Apple Pencil 2. "Wei Feng network through the supply chain that Apple will be held in March this year, iPad new conference, when a new generation of Apple Pencil stylus will also be unveiled," Wei Feng writes, as interpreted by Google Chrome's translation function. The Mac Observer also reported, via Weibo, that the Apple Pencil 2 might include a magnet to attach to the side of the iPad Pro - much like with Mircosoft's Surface Pro models.  Long, long ago - and wrongly - we predicted an October 2015 launch date for the iPad Air 3. This seemed logical: the iPad Air 2 was unveiled on 16 October 2014; the iPad Air 1 on 22 October 2013. This is Apple's traditional iPad release schedule, and the announcement of iOS 9 at WWDC 2015 on 8 June, same as every year, suggested that things were proceeding as usual. But 2015 was a surprising year for iPad announcements. At the September press briefing, where we would traditionally expect to hear about iPhones, iPhones and more iPhones, Apple gave the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus some company, in the form of the giant iPad Pro, and the petite iPad mini 4. But iPad Air 3 came there none, either at the September event or in October 2015. Apple instead refreshed its mid-size iPad range the following March, and called it the iPad Pro 9.7in. iPad Air 3 release date UK: March 2017 launch - but iPad Air 3 'will be last in Air line' Some pundits - reported by NeuroGadget, among others - are predicting that the iPad Air 3 will be unveiled in March 2017... alongside the iPad Pro 2. Perhaps they're right, but this seems off to us, and appears to go against the strategy Apple has been pursuing with its tablets in recent years. Having a brand-new (presumably 9.7-inch) iPad Air alongside new iPad Pros of the same screen size would be confusing for customers, and it's hard to see how Apple would differentiate the two. Would the iPad Pro 2 be faster than the iPad Air 3? How much faster does it need to be, given that the iPad Pro 9.7-inch is already far quicker than is necessary to run any app on the App Store? Would the iPad Air 3 be slower than the iPad Pro 9.7in? Would the iPad Air 3 be thinner than the Pro 2, when the Pro 9.7in is already only 6.1mm thick? There are surely ways round this, but it would present a headache for Apple's marketing department. The differentiation was easier to maintain for the MacBooks, partly because laptop buyers tend to be tech-savvier on average (and are liable to put in more pre-purchase research) than tablet buyers, but also because laptops have more room for difference in terms of specs and the like. Someone who just wants to read their email can settle for a netbook or Chromebook, while a video editor needs a laptop that's vastly more powerful. But the current iPad range is as fast as anyone could possibly want. Releasing a new tier of products on top, aimed at creative professionals, seems redundant. Releasing a new (slower?) tier of products below, aimed at casual and budget users, would be deeply unlike Apple, which always chases the premium market in any given sector. And seems unnecessary too, given that older iPads are still available. So we're not exactly convinced by this. Apple may choose to release another iPad Air, but to release it at the same time as a new iPad Pro would a branding challenge, to say the least. Separately, those same reports also predict that the iPad Air 3 will be the last Air-branded tablet Apple release. To wait this long, release one more Air tablet, then pack up the brand for good? Seems... strange. Still, we shall see. All of this has been supported by a January 2017 report from analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has predicted that March 2017 will see Apple announce three new iPad models: a 12.9-inch Pro, a 9.7-inch "lower-priced model," and an in-between 10-10.5-inch "high-end model" with a narrow bezel design. There was no hint in the report that any of these models would bear the Air branding. It is at least possible that the new in-between size will be the Air 3 if Apple decides it isn't done with the brand just yet, but Kuo has previously that this model would be another Pro, so this seems unlikely at the moment. Just to add more fuel to the rumour fire, DigiTimes reported on 19 January that all new iPads could be delayed further into 2017 as they have not entered mass production yet. We could be looking at June 2017 or after if this is true. iPad Air 3 release date UK: iPad Air 2's second birthday It's been well over two years since the iPad Air 2 was first shown off to the world's media. Back in 2014, Apple used to schedule separate iPhone and iPad launch events in consecutive months in autumn, and the iPad Air 2 (and underwhelming iPad mini 3) were revealed on 16 October, just over a month after the iPhone 6. (What an act to follow!) As we discuss above and below, some pundits think a successor to the iPad Air 2 will be launched soon. Perhaps it will. But now that we've passed the two-year anniversary of the Air 2's launch with no word on the iPad Air 3 (and almost no movement on MacBook Air updates), we need to start facing facts: Apple appears to have lost interest in the Air brand. A two-year hiatus is enormous in the world of tablet updates. iPad Air 3 release date UK: The end of the Air brand There are widespread rumours that Apple has finished with the Air line, and will in future focus on the (7.9-inch) mini and (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch) Pro ranges - or even just unite everything under the Pro branding, with the various lines differentiated by size. Our feeling, based on the lack of love shown to the MacBook Air recently, is that Apple is moving towards a twin-brand model for its laptops: a MacBook, and a MacBook Pro. Likewise, we could see a product or line of products called simply 'iPad', to sit alongside the Pro models. iPad Air 3 release date UK: Onsale date rumours When will the iPad Air 3 go on sale in the UK? There's usually a delay of about 10 days between the announcement and the devices going on sale. If the Air 3 launches in late March 2017, for example, then expect it to hit UK shops in early April. There are occasionally shortages when a major Apple product launches, so those who are desperate to get their hands on the Air 3 would be wise to place a pre-order if possible. (Pre-ordering using Apple's own Apple Store app rather than on the website often appears to give you a head start that could make all the difference.) Read next: Best cheap iPad deals UK | iPad reviews | How to set up a new iPad | How to speed up a slow iPad iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Poll - How often do you update your iPad? The iPad Air 3 may arrive in spring, but not every iPad owner will make the upgrade. How often do you buy a new iPad? iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Design Let's look next at the iPad Air 3's physical design. What will the iPad Air 3 look (and feel) like? iPad Air 3 design rumours: Folding iPad Gene Munster - perhaps the most famous Apple analyst out there, albeit mainly for consistently getting it wrong when predicting an Apple television - has predicted that Apple will release a folding iPad. The prediction, reported by Apple Must, is based on Apple's recent patent activity; as we've reported in our iPhone 8 rumour roundup, the firm has taken out a number of 'folding device' patents that seemingly apply to the iPhone, but the larger and less portable iPads actually seem more amenable to such a development. Munster may have been influenced by a popular current TV show, Westworld. In this series, which centres around a Western-themed park where realistic android 'hosts' interact with human 'guests' living out their fantasies, the programmers of the hosts all use neat folding tablets. It's actually one of the most remarked-upon elements of the show's aesthetic, and makes a lot of sense (if you can solve the technical challenges). iPad Air 3 design rumours: Smart Connector for Smart Keyboard... It's an obvious logical progression from the 12.9- and 9.7-inch iPad Pro models, but it seems likely that the iPad Air 3 will have a Smart Connector on the lefthand edge for attaching a Smart Keyboard Cover. Most iPad accessories are dependent on their own battery power - even the Apple Pencil has to be recharged, albeit very quickly, when it runs out of charge - but the Smart Connector allows a connected keyboard cover to draw power from the iPad's battery. In the larger iPad Pro's case, that means a very long usage time, since it has a monster battery; hopefully the iPad Air 3 will be able to offer something impressive in that department too. iPad Air 3 design rumours: ...and Apple Pencil compatibility When Apple launched the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it was the only tablet that was compatible with the Apple Pencil. That made sense at the time - it was a unique selling point for Apple's most expensive tablet. But plenty of iPad Air owners have told us they would dearly love to be able to use the Pencil, one of the best styluses on the market, with their device, and it would be reasonable to add compatibility to a wider range of devices over the coming year. Apple started that process with the 9.7-inch Pro, and we expect Pencil capabilities to diffuse downwards through the range. iPad Air 3 design rumours: 10.9-inch screen An upgrade mentioned in the new features wishlist later in this article, and which sounds like it may happen: a larger screen. More specifically, a screen that's larger than that of the iPad Air 2, but smaller than the 12.9-inch display on the larger iPad Pro model. Barclays Research has predicted that Apple will unveil three new iPad Pro 2 models in March 2017: new 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models, and a 10.9-inch version that sits in between. The inbetweener will actually have a chassis that's the same size as the iPad Air 2, while achieving the extra screen space by removing the bezel - which may mean the removal of the Home button. Whether Apple will carry over these changes to the Air line as well remains to be seen. iPad Air 3 design rumours: Thinner than iPad Air 2 Physically, it's rumoured that the next iPad Air will be… wait for it… thinner than its predecessor. It's generally a sound prediction to make, given that the iPad Air 1 was thinner than the iPad 4 and the iPad Air 2 was thinner than the iPad Air 1. The iPad Air 2 is already really thin, mind you, and we do sometimes wonder how much thinner tablets need to get before the compromises start to outweigh the benefits. The Air 2 is sturdy and has stood up to more than a year's heavy and frequent use, but we still recall the nervousness with which we handled it in the early days: it's hard to see an even more slender iPad Air 3 inspiring a great deal of confidence in its ability to withstand bending, chucking on a sofa, holding by one edge etc. (Note that the iPad Pro 9.7in, which improves on the iPad Air 2 in most other respects, is the same thickness.) If batteries are getting smaller, couldn't they just keep it the same size and incorporate a higher-capacity battery unit, and give us a few more hours away from the charger? Indeed, one rumour suggests that the Air 3's thinner chassis will actually mean it has a lower-capacity battery unit than the Air, which seems crazy to us. (Even though improvements in battery technology could mean that this lower-capacity unit actually lasts for a comparable length of time in practice, it seems barmy to consciously choose not to improve battery life when simply keeping the same capacity unit would achieve this.) iPad Air 3 design rumours: 7000-series aluminium body We mentioned above our general nervousness that a thinner iPad Air 3 would also be less robust. But one other change to its physical design could help with that. The Tampa Bay Review thinks the iPad Air 3 is likely to be made of 7000-series aluminium, like the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. There's a certain logic to this: spending the extra cash on stronger materials to make the newest iPhones more bend-proof than their predecessors was a popular move after the (possibly overstated) traumas of Bendgate. But it does raise the question of why the iPad Pro (which is more valuable) and the iPad mini 4 (which is more portable, and therefore more likely to get crammed into a pocket) missed out on this upgrade. If the Air 3 is thinner than either of those devices then we have an answer, but that only poses another: what is it about the Air lineup in particular that makes it more deserving of a super-thin body than those other Apple tablets? iPad Air 3 design rumours: Colour options Like the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, we'd expect the iPad Air 3 to be available in four colours: silver, gold, Space Grey and Rose Gold. Black and Jet Black, the matt and gloss new colour finishes available for the iPhone 7, are also possibilities. Every year someone suggests that the next iPad will come in the bright primary colours of the iPhone 5c and every year that person is disappointed. We don't expect the iPad Air 3 to be particularly colourful (except for the two fairly muted gold finishes). iPad Air 3 design rumours: Concept showcases everything iPad Air 3 should be Although we've not seen many leaks for the iPad Air 3, the latest concept video to hit the Internet showcases everything that the unannounced tablet should feature - Smart connector, a flush camera and, more importantly, 3D Touch support. Apart from that, the concept tablet looks similar to the iPad Pro 9.7in but with smaller bezels at the sides of the display. Take a look at the concept video below: iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Tech specs It's time to look deeper into the iPad Air 3. What do the latest rumours say about the iPad Air 3's specs? iPad Air 3 specs rumours: Processor and speed The iPad Air 2 got a new processor chip, the A8X - a souped-up version of the iPhone 6's A8. This has three billion transistors and offers (Apple says) 40 percent faster performance than the iPad Air 1's A7 chip in most apps and up to 2.5x graphics performance. Read next: Best iPad games | Best free iPad games It would be a big shock if Apple didn't upgrade the processor again when it launches the iPad Air 3, and it doesn't take a genius to predict that the iPad Air 3's chip will be an A9 or an A9X, and very speedy indeed. The iPad Pro 9.7in has an A9X processor. Read next: Apple rumours & predictions for 2017 | iPad mini 5 rumours iPad Air 3 specs: Rear-facing camera gains LED flash The iPad Pro 9.7in is the first iPad in history to feature a flash. This is attached to the rear-facing camera, but the front-facing camera also gets the Retina Flash feature, whereby the entire screen is induced to light up as a sort of substitute flash. We feel that the iPad Air 3 is likely to get one or both of these upgrades too. The genie is clearly out of the bottle when it comes to iPad photography: as annoying as you find it when someone holds up their iPad to video a concert, the iPad range are being used as cameras, and Apple knows this. Just look at the hyperbole and feature list here. And a flash is a big gap to have in a device's photographic armour. iPad Air 3 specs: No 3D Touch Ming-Chi Kuo, one of the most famous Apple pundits out there, predicted that 3D Touch wouldn't make an appearance in the iPad Pro 9.7in, and this proved correct. In a research paper, Kuo predicted that the a new iPad would launch in the first half of 2016 but wouldn't get the marquee feature from the flagship iPhones. In the past, Apple has frequently introduced a new feature on the iPhone line and then dispersed it through other iOS devices - Retina displays, Siri, Touch ID - and plenty of analysts have made the obvious logical leap of assuming that 3D Touch will migrate to iPad at some point. Ming-Chi Kuo was the most authoritative voice to doubt this. It would seem strange to allow this popular (if still fairly niche) feature to appear on the iPad Air 3 if it isn't on the iPad Pro, so we assume 3D Touch on iPad will have to wait for a while longer. Read next: 3D Touch tips iPad Air 3 specs: Screen resolution Back in 2014, we wondered if the iPad Air 2 might get a screen upgrade from the Air 1, possibly gaining the Retina HD designation given to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. But its display is largely the same, with the same resolution and size. (One screen modification Apple did talk about was an anti-reflective coating: a nice - if unglamorous - upgrade.) And this idea has been floated again this year. Back in September 2015 the Chinese-language site MyDrivers (link to translation) made some grand claims about the iPad Air 3's specifications. Most eye-catching among these is the unexpected prediction that Apple will increase the resolution and therefore pixel density of the screen on its next mid-size iPad. MyDrivers reckons the Air 3 will get a bump up to 401 pixels per inch (matching the iPhone 6s Plus), which translates on a 9.7-inch screen into a resolution of 3112 x 2334. (This compares to 2048 x 1536 at 264ppi on both the Air 1 and Air 2.) Pixel density is a measure of how tightly pixels are packed on a screen, and increasing it so much would result in an appreciably sharper screen - even though Apple used to maintain that 264ppi was plenty on devices of this form factor. Moving up to 401ppi on the Air 3 would be a major step forward for Apple, which has previously applied its Retina marketing label to 9.7-inch tablets rated at 264ppi on the basis that they are held further away from the eye than smartphones or even mini tablets (the Retina-rated mini 2 and mini 4 both have a pixel density of 326ppi, matching the non-Plus iPhones). There is a simple reason why we don't think this is likely to happen. As well as smashing past the pixel density of half of Apple's smartphones, including the just-released and Retina HD-rated iPhone 6s (326ppi), all of which would be held far closer to the face than the iPad Air 3, it would also show up the iPad Pro, which has a pixel density of 264ppi. And the iPad Pro is a very expensive top-end device that is clearly positioned as Apple's flagship tablet. It's hard to imagine anyone happily paying top dollar for a 264ppi Pro when there's a 401ppi Air 3 for, presumably, about £200 less. Oh, and we dread to think what such a large bump in resolution would do to battery life. The iPhone 6 Plus got round that because its larger size allowed it to include a bigger battery, but we're hearing that the Air 3 will be thinner than the Air 2. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Price We expect it to cost pretty much what the iPad Air 2 cost when it launched - and it launched with a base price of £399. These days the iPad Air 2's UK price starts at £379 for the 32GB model in Wi-Fi only, moving up to £469 for 128GB Wi-Fi. The 3G/cellular models cost £120 more at each configuration: £499 for the 32GB model and £589 for 128GB. (These prices have all dropped since the Air 2 was launched - in stark contrast with the prices of most other Apple hardware, which has gone up since the Brexit vote - and the lowest storage capacities have been phased out.) Mind you, a better comparison point might be the iPad Pro 9.7. That device currently starts at an altogether more intimidating £549, and rises to £849 for the 256GB cellular model. With the iPad Air 3 filling in its predecessors' price points, the iPad Air 2 may drop further in price; the iPad Air 1 is likely to be discontinued. Apple usually tries to keep its range simple. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: New features wishlist So much for the rumours concerning the iPad Air 3's design changes, specs and new features. But what new features would we add to the device if we were in Jony Ive's shoes? Here's our iPad Air 3 feature wish list. Some are brand-new wishes: perhaps ideas triggered by issues with Apple's latest line of iPads. Others are features we've been asking for since before the iPad Air 2 but weren't included in that device. Let us know what features you want to see in the iPad Air 3 in the comments, or let us know on Twitter. iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Larger screen They say you can never be too rich, or too thin... or have too much screen space. In fact, there would be plenty of negatives attached to increasing the iPad Air 2's screen size from its current 9.7in diagonal: mainly increasing the bulk of the device (and having to incorporate a bigger and heavier battery to power the screen for as long), thereby reducing its fantastic portability. But a bigger screen would make the iPad Air more adaptable as a work device, and more immersive for entertainment, so who cares about practicalities? In fact, since we wrote this wishlist, Apple has unveiled an iPad with a bigger screen; it just isn't called the iPad Air 3. Go and read our 12.9-inch iPad Pro review for more on that one. We think the iPad Air line will continue to be based around a 9.7in screen. Chances of happening (on the Air line at any rate): low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Faster processor This too is an obvious one, and something that has happened in essentially every iOS device update: a new, faster processor chip. But is it actually something to be wishing for? The iPad Air 2 is fast enough to run every current app with ease, and on most apps you won't notice any different in performance between it and the iPad Air 1 (iPad Air 1 vs iPad Air 2 comparison). The iPad Air is effectively faster than it needs to be, and apps are trying their best to catch up. The iPad Air 3 (or iPad 7) doesn't need to be any faster. It'll probably get a new chip, and there's a good chance it'll be a bit faster, but maybe Apple will go for greater power-efficiency instead?  Yeah, who are we kidding? You've got to be able to boast about processing speeds at the launch announcement. Chances of happening: nailed on iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Improved camera The last of our recurring requests that crop up every time. Of course an improved camera would be nice, but we wouldn't cite it as an essential, since the iPad is used less for its camera than Apple's smartphones (less, although tablet camera use is growing all the time), and it's got pretty good anyway. A smartphone needs a great camera; a tablet doesn't. Chances of happening: mid to low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Face recognition Ah, something more interesting! What if the iPad Air 3 uses facial recognition to unlock the device? Face-recognition is already available in the Camera app, but that's facial recognition only in the sense of recognising that something is a face, rather than recognising which one it is - which makes this one a long shot. It does also seem a bit unnecessary, given that Apple has the Touch ID technology, and so does the iPad Air 2. If it wants to do convenient, biometric authentication it can use that.  Chances of happening: low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Full Apple Pay This one is slightly complicated. The iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 gained Touch ID fingerprint scanners - one of the components required to use the new Apple Pay online/instore payment service, which allows you to pay for things in shops by scanning your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus and touching the fingerprint scanner. And indeed both models can use Apple Pay in the US. (Apple Pay hasn't launched in the UK at time of writing, but it will make its UK launch in July.) But they get only a limited, partial version of Apple Pay: one that doesn't work in shops. Instead they use the online and app-based versions of Apple Pay, which use Touch ID but don't require the NFC wireless antenna component used when scanning the iPhone 6 on an instore receiver. A further complication is the discovery of NFC antennae in both devices when they were disassembled; perhaps these could be activated in future and allow for full Apple Pay. Or perhaps they are intended for some other purpose. Either way, we'd like to at least have the option of instore Apple Pay with the next generation of iPads. Admittedly the average customer is a lot less likely to whip out a full-size iPad at the till, but we thought something similar about iPad photography. Chances of happening: fairly high - especially now that Apple Pay has come to the Mac iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Live multitasking "The fact that you cannot use multiple applications at the same time is a little annoying," said Product Reviews when discussing potential new features for the iPad Air 2, "and it would definitely be a great feature if Apple could add it in. For example you could update your Twitter feed in a sidebar whilst watching a video or check your emails whilst reading an article." We didn't get it in the iPad Air 2, and it still makes sense for the iPad Air 3, although you'd probably need a bigger screen to be able to use this practically. And maybe it's more of an iOS 9 thing. Even as a software update it seems very radical indeed for something that (I think) is a niche requirement. How many people check their emails while continuing to read an article or watch a video? Chances of happening: low UPDATE: Scratch that. Chances of happening: definite. Multitasking capabilities arrived with iOS 9: iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Improved stylus support "I'd like to see more attention paid to the display sensor technology that allows for the next generation of fine tip electronic styluses to be used more effectively and accurately," wrote MacObserver ahead of the launch of the iPad Air 2. Since then Apple has launched the Apple Pencil stylus alongside the two iPad Pro models - the only devices that are compatible with it. We wouldn't be surprised if the iPad Air 3 gets Apple Pencil support.  Chances of happening: decent (albeit the Apple Pencil) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Subwoofer and other audio/speaker improvements The iPad's audio output could be improved; this is certainly true. (The iPad Air 2 has stereo speaker units, but they are so close together that their output is effectively mono.) Yet there are limits on the richness of the audio a slim and portable unit can produce; I suspect that the average iPad owner would rather buy a separate wireless speaker than add any noticeable weight to the iPad Air's chassis. A touch more bass output would substantially improve the iPad as a games unit, mind you, and it would be great for film fans.  Chances of happening: decent (the iPad Pro models have quad speakers) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Increase the storage baseline "iPads tend to accumulate a lot of stuff," pointed out MacObserver. "Apps, movies and music that make a 16GB iPad an anachronism. Here's hoping..." In fact, Apple phased out the popular 32GB model instead, leaving the iPad Air 2 (and the iPad mini 3 and iPhone 6 handsets) with an oddly lopsided line-up of 16GB, 64GB and 128GB. Will Apple phase out the 16GB iPad? It's going to happen at some point - remember the 8GB iPad? - but maybe not quite yet. Plenty of users store work documents and photos in the cloud, rarely game and use a small number of lightweight apps.  Chances of happening: nailed on (Apple has bumped up the storage baselines across its iPad and iPhone ranges. All iPads now start at 32GB, and Pro models top out at 256GB. Hooray!) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Memory card slot We'll say right away: this would be nice in some respects but is highly unlikely. Apple's philosophy embraces the closed box: the complete product experience bought ready-to-use and held apart from user tinkering and upgrades. Without mentioning that this would encourage buyers to go for the lower-capacity iPads and fill the shortfall with removable memory. And it would ruin the iPad's clean lines.  Chances of happening: no way iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Bluetooth mouse support It's been argued that touch is less accurate than mouse (or similar) input, and that Apple's more work-oriented users would enjoy being able to use wireless mice with their iPad Air 3. If we were talking about the Mac OS X-running iPad Pro that some have discussed, this would be a no-brainer, but this would call for a major rethink of how iOS works, and we don't think that's likely.  Chances of appearing: low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Wireless charging At the moment wireless charging is big let-down, offering only minor convenience rather than the quantum leap it appears to promise. The Air Voltage Qi Chargers are an example of a (comparatively) recent take on the concept: you buy a case for your device, and a separate charging mat. Simply laying the cased iPhone on the mat starts up the charging process - but it has to touch the mat, and the mat itself has to be plugged in.  If Apple incorporated the technology in the chassis of the iPad so that you don't have to bother with a particular case then it would be far more appealing. If you could increase the range of the charge transmission so that, for example, you just need to be sitting with a couple of feet of the charger for the device in your pocket to start charging - then we'd be talking. Chances of appearing: still seems unlikely, although we're hearing more and more rumours about this appearing on the iPhone 8. Read page 2 for the rumours and predictions we collected in advance of the iPad Air 2's press event. See for yourself how much we (and the rest of the industry) got right, and how much we got wrong! >> Read on… Pages 1 2 Tags: iPad , iPad Air , iPad Pro Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years VES Awards 2017: Watch VFX breakdowns for the winners including The Jungle Book and Game of Thrones Best free & cheap photo editing software for Mac: Free and low-cost alternatives to Photoshop,… Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan A personal story: Did the Apple Watch save my life? Data from the Apple Watch alerted me to a serious health problem with no symptoms whatsoever. Here's what happened and why it matters. By Michael Krigsman for Beyond IT Failure | February 8, 2017 -- 13:25 GMT (05:25 PST) | Topic: Big Data Analytics Image from http://www.ccpixs.com. Creative Commons. Last November, my Android phone died as I descended on a JetBlue flight into San Francisco. I took that trip as part of the CXOTALK series of conversations with technology executives and had six interviews lined up at a conference. Special Feature Wearables: Fit For Business? Read More As I left the airport, it was obvious that a failed phone meant no Uber ride to my hotel, no phone calls, and no way to coordinate schedules with interviewees. In other words, I was screwed. Although my dead phone was an Android, I figured that Apple would be my best route to get re-connected, so I bought an iPhone 7 Plus in San Francisco. Being a longtime user of activity trackers (Fitbit Charge HR, Polar M400, Polar M600, and even the Huawei Watch), I also decided to buy an Apple Watch Series 2. Fast forward about three months, and I'm enjoying life in the Apple ecosystem. The Apple Watch is frustrating at times, but the notifications work, it's waterproof, and the built-in heart rate sensor is accurate. Notification spam One frustration with the Apple Watch is limited functionality in the native Apple apps. For example, there is no sleep tracking, and Apple seems unaware of the concept of heart rate zones. Fortunately, third party apps fill some of the voids. One of the third-party apps I installed is called HeartWatch, which gathers sensor data from the Apple Watch and presents a richer view than Apple's activity tracking software. Several weeks ago, I started receiving odd alerts from HeartWatch, saying my heart rate was elevated at certain times. Early signs of a problem for which I experienced no symptoms. Notice the January readings show more red and purple, indicating higher rates than in December. Graphs from the HeartWatch app. Although I noticed the alerts, they seemed like anomalies, and I dismissed them as spurious readings from complicated software that I did not have time to learn properly. I incorrectly interpreted these elevated heart rate notifications as spam. The accuracy question Eventually, however, I started to notice that my resting heart rate seemed higher than normal. Because I regularly work out and track my overall heart activity, I have a general sense of what seems right for me. One month with the Apple Watch: Pain, joy, and daily experiences The Apple Watch Sport edition has been strapped on my wrist for a month and for the most part it has exceeded all of my expectations. It's even better now that I realized I was wearing it wrong. Read More Thus, I started paying closer attention to my pulse and became aware that mildly elevated rates were happening consistently. Not alarmingly high, but enough to pay special attention to readings from the heart rate sensor in the Apple Watch. Then, while walking home from dinner out one night, I checked my pulse, and it was far too high, given my slow walking pace. I can tell you, watching that number rise was alarming. At this point, the immediate question became, "Are the readings correct?" To verify, I pulled out my Polar M400 and its Bluetooth-enabled H7 heart sensor. Testing the Apple Watch against the Polar, I found the Apple Watch readings to be sufficiently reliable. Isolating the problem After ten days, it became clear that something was wrong. So, with a heavy heart (no pun intended), I went to see my doctor. She had me do the following: Take an immediate EKG (which was normal) Take a blood test to check for non-cardiac underlying causes such as thyroid problems Wear a heart event monitor for two weeks. It's a portable device that captures an EKG while the patient is out in the world, tracking intermittent heart issues. Get an echocardiogram Within a few days, I picked up the heart event monitor (a King of Hearts Express, to be precise, that uses old acoustic coupling technology to transfer collected data back to the doctor for analysis). Almost at once, it showed sinus tachycardia, meaning a fast heart rate. And the blood test showed something going with my thyroid. And so, the doctor added a thyroid ultrasound and asked me to visit an endocrinologist. See also: Apple Watch accounts for half of smartwatch sales, 80 percent of revenue | Samsung Gear S3 Frontier: The best smartwatch for outdoor use | Huawei Fit hands-on: An elegant $100 fitness watch with open data access In retrospect, the apparently "spurious" readings reported by HeartWatch were early indicators of a potentially serious problem. Aside from seeing the heart rate data, I felt nothing strange, despite having heart rates that were alarmingly high at times. Along the way, I also bought a blood pressure monitor, because more information is helpful. I purchased the Omron Evolv, which has Bluetooth and an app that tracks readings over time. The bottom line Sensor data reported by HeartWatch made me aware of a potentially dangerous condition of which I was otherwise absolutely unaware. Based on the data, I'm now undergoing various tests and treatment. Heart health: What's missing from the Apple Watch You can find many reviews of the Apple Watch explaining what's good and bad. However, from a heart health-tracking perspective, the native watch software and associated apps are overly complicated and incomplete: Heart reporting is minimal, at best. The Apple Watch is full of sensors, but you must actively start a "workout" to activate heart rate reporting in the Apple apps. There is no native concept of heart rate zones, which is how virtually all other activity trackers report workout intensity. Although the data is buried in HealthKit, Apple's apps do not let you easily see trends over time such as heart rate zone, and min / max heart rates. It reports average heart rate, but that is not enough. There is no native sleep tracking app. Seriously? What about correlating sleep and heart activity? Also missing. How about mirroring a real-time heart rate from the watch to the iPhone, to monitor heart rate without continually to look at the watch? A minor bug: if you try to measure heart rate while the watch is charging but connected to a Bluetooth heart rate strap, the watch gives an error and insists you put on the watch. In summary, Apple should rethink the data presentation and reporting aspects of its health-tracking sensors. Heart and sleep apps If you want to track heart health, here are a list of apps I have tried during this whole experience. Heart and sleep apps that work with the Apple... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 7 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Staying agile: data-driven IT operations Cloud SAP aims to step up its artificial intelligence, machine learning game as S/4HANA hits public cloud CXO ​Commonwealth Bank leveraging data to better its customer experience Artificial Intelligence How the rise of micro-influencers is dependent on AI × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News EPIX Launches on Apple TV NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Premium entertainment network EPIX announced that starting today, the EPIX app will be available on Apple TV (4th generation) to all authenticated subscribers. EPIX on Apple TV offers subscribers access to EPIX’s breadth of premium content, including its critically acclaimed original series Berlin Station and Golden Globe nominated Graves; groundbreaking original documentary programming such as America Divided; thousands of movies on demand, including big franchises The Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek; as well as music and comedy events featuring marquee talent, like Katy Perry, Louis CK, Wanda Sykes and more. Key features of the EPIX app include its content-forward user experience, the ability to watch a multiplex of EPIX live linear channels, the capability to add content to a personal queue, free sampling, curated collections, advanced search and video playback features, and movie trailers. New subscribers can also gain access to a limited free trial of the app exclusively on Apple TV. “EPIX was created in anticipation of the digital revolution, launching with more content across more devices than any other network,” said Mark Greenberg, President and CEO of EPIX. “Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I’m proud to make our content available on Apple TV.” EPIX is also available to authenticated subscribers on iPhone and iPad, where, in addition to the features included in the Apple TV app, users can also take advantage of offline viewing with the EPIX downloads feature, 3D Touch, and multi-tasking/picture-in-picture integration. About EPIX EPIX is a premium entertainment network delivering the latest movie releases and biggest classic film franchises, plus original programming including series, documentaries, comedy and music specials – all available on TV, on demand, online and across devices. Launched in October 2009, EPIX pioneered the development and proliferation of “TV Everywhere.” It was the first premium network to provide multi-platform access to its content online at EPIX.com and to launch on Xbox, PlayStation®, Android phones and tablets, and Roku® players. EPIX is also available across iPhone, iPad and Apple TV, Chromecast, Android TV and more delivering more movies than any other premium network, with thousands of titles available for streaming. EPIX is a joint venture between Viacom Inc., its Paramount Pictures unit, Lionsgate and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (MGM). Through relationships with cable, satellite and telco partners, EPIX is available to over 50 million homes nationwide. For more information about EPIX, go to www.EPIX.com. Follow EPIX on Twitter @EpixHD (http://www.twitter.com/EpixHD), Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/EPIX), YouTube (http://youtube.com/EPIX), Instagram (http://instagram.com/EPIX) and Snapchat @EPIXTV. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computing, Entertainment, Movies, Music, satellite, Space, star, TV, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PRIDE Industries Expanding Operations to Lincoln, CA Next PostNext FINRA Dispute Resolution Issues Status Report on Arbitration Task Force Recommendations Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This iPhone 8 concept running iOS 11 is the stuff dreams are made of Zach Epstein BGR NewsFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There’s plenty of attention focused on Samsung’s upcoming Galaxy S8 at the moment, with rumors coming in hot and heavy now that we’re a little over a month away from seeing the device unveiled. Later this year, attention will turn to other exciting new flagship phones like the next-generation Moto Z, OnePlus 4, Galaxy Note 7 and Google Pixel 2. As much as people will be looking forward to all of those handsets though, there’s still only one smartphone brand that can stir up as much hype as Apple — especially since the iPhone 8 is shaping up to be the most exciting new iPhone in years. We’ve seen plenty of rumors and a handful of insiders with good track records have also shared some early details, but we have yet to see any components leak since it’s still early and Apple’s new iPhones aren’t due to launch until September. While we wait for the next phase in the Apple leak cycle, however, graphic designers have imagined some truly beautiful iPhone 8 concepts. Don't Miss: 5 ways Android has taken Apple’s ideas and made them better Graphic designer Moe Slah whipped up one of the sleekest and most impressive iPhone 8 visualizations we’ve seen so far. It’s based on many of the rumored features that have been tossed around, featuring things like an all-screen design and a new Touch ID scanner that is embedded in the display itself. The designer also imagined what iOS 11 might be like on the new handset, and the results are stunning. iphone-8-conceptMore Slah’s mockups imagine how Apple might handle the removal of the physical home button, which is looking more and more like a sure thing each day. With the fingerprint scanner embedded beneath the display, Apple will be able to remove the thick bezel beneath the screen on all of its current iPhone models. Of course, the phone will need a way to indicate where the user must place his or her finger for a scan, and Slah’s solution is an elegant one. There are plenty of other nifty iOS 11 features imagined in the video, which you’ll find embedded below. Trending right now: Samsung is making one last push to clear Galaxy S7 inventory ahead of Galaxy S8 launch Leak: This could be our first ever look at a fully functional Galaxy S8 Bystander sees Tesla owner loading kids into trunk seats, immediately reports abduction See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News
Jobs Cars Property Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out More Close ] Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland Innovators Big Ideas 200 Voices Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Apple CEO Tim Cook makes surprise Glasgow store visit Sorry, we're having problems with our video player at the moment, but are working to fix it as soon as we can Waiting for Video... CHRIS McCALL 09:41 16:38 Wednesday 08 February 2017 3 Have your say Apple boss Tim Cook made a surprise visit to the tech giant’s Glasgow city centre store today, much to the delight of staff and customers. The chief executive of the world’s most valuable company arrived unannounced at the Buchanan Street shop at 2.30pm, happily posing for selfies with members of the public and answering brief questions. Apple CEO poses for a selfie with staff at the tech giant's Glasgow store. Picture: John Devlin/TSPL Staff presented Cook with a blue tartan scarf to mark his visit to Scotland. The tech boss touched down at Glasgow airport earlier today having spent the morning in London. He will later head to the city’s West End to receive a doctorate of science in a ceremony at the University of Glasgow. Cook will take part in a “fireside chat” and Q&A session with students and university staff. Tickets for the event sold out in under an hour. READ MORE: Apple chief ‘thrilled’ with record iPhone sales Issues of privacy and surveillance could be topics of conversation, with students at the university having elected Edward Snowden as rector in 2014. Despite being unable to travel to the UK, the US National Security Agency whistleblower won the vote after releasing details of phone and internet surveillance. Cook has taken a strong stance on user privacy and clashed with US intelligence agencies last year over the issue. 200 Voices: find out more about the people who have shaped Scotland A spokeswoman for the University of Glasgow said: “The event is not open to everyone, it is only open to staff and students. Bute Hall holds a few hundred people and it’s now sold out.” Since taking the helm of Apple, Cook has led the introduction of new products such as the iPhone 7, iPad Pro and Apple Watch. He is also leading a company-wide effort to use 100 per cent renewable energy at all Apple facilities. In 2015, Cook became an honorary patron of Trinity College Dublin’s Philosophical Society and gave a talk to students. Click here to ‘Like’ The Scotsman Business on Facebook Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink 200 Voices Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland More from The Scotsman Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Calendars Conferences Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Partnerships Property Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your ads Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech & Gadgets Intel Kaby Lake Processors Making Its Way Into MacBook Pro 2017 Models By Quiruben Dela Cruz https://twitter.com/Vhelskud on February 9 2017 01:51 AM PHOTOGRAPH: Wikimedia | There seems to be no significant improvement in the performance of the  MacBook Pro 2017, which is much-awaited by Apple fans this year. This after rumor continues to circulate that the upcoming MacBook Pro models would likely be powered by Intel Kaby Lake processors. To those who are unaware, the Kaby Lake is the natural successor to the Skylake processors which are used in the MacBook Pro 2016 models. The rumor is in line with what has been reported six weeks ago which could be a bad thing given that the current line of MacBook Pro has already been criticized for various reasons. One of the complaints the device is facing is having low RAM. Furthermore, a report from Bloomberg stated that Apple is making their own Mac processor. This will be working in tandem with Intel processors for upcoming Mac products in the future. In addition, the report also suggests that the chip will be a logical extension of the processor based on ARM T1. The said ARM-based T1 processor is currently being used to power the Touch Bar of the new MacBook Pro. This chip is reportedly more efficient and would take on more power management tasks. As a result, the upcoming MacBook Pro will have significant improvements when it comes to increasing battery life. Pixabay Upcoming MacBook Pro variations with Intel Kaby Lake processors The Mac-B4831CEBD5A0C4C might be for two new 13” MacBook Pros that feature function keys. As mentioned above, these models would likely have Intel Kaby Lake processors powering them. If the rumors are true, these chips will have a maximum Turbo Boost of 3.5, 3.7GHz and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz with 15W Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5GHz with 15W Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 The Mac-CAD6701F7CEA0921, on the other hand, might be for three new 13” MacBook Pros that also feature the Touch Bar. Compared to the models above, it would have a slightly higher Turbo Boosts of 3.8GHz, 3.9GHz, and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i5-7267U 3.1GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Intel Core i5-7287U 3.3GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Intel Core i7-7567U 3.5GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Meanwhile, the Mac-551B86E5844E2388 might be for the new three new 15” MacBook Pro models that also feature the Touch Bar. These models have the same Turbo Boost of 3.8GHz, 3.9GHz, and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Intel Core i7-7820HQ 2.9GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Intel Core i7-7920HQ 3.1GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Still, MacBook fans shouldn’t expect a massive improvement when it comes to performance. Intel Kaby Lake processors only have slight bumps when it comes to Turbo clock speeds and base clock speeds. It is important to realize that efficiency is where Kaby Lake truly outperforms the Skylake. For more news and updates on MacBook Pro and Intel Skylake processors, stay tuned to TheBitBag. Also Read: Lenovo Yoga A12: A More Basic Verison of The Yoga Book For Simpler Tasks & Cheaper Price Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Apple, intel, Intel Kaby Lake, Macbook Pro Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mac Users Beware: Another Mac Malware Spotted in the Wild; Uses Word Macros 12.9-inch iPad Pro Joins iPad Air 2 in Supply Shortage; Is iPad Pro 2 Release Imminent? Apple Beats X Wireless Earbuds Release Date On February 10 About the author Quiruben Dela Cruz Featured Final Fantasy 15 Comrades Multiplayer DLC: Character Creator Featured Teased By Square Enix Halo Wars 2 PC Physical Release Cancelled Horizon Zero Dawn Pre-order Bonus DLC Shown In New Gameplay Footage FIFA 17 TOTW 21 Lineup Officially Announced! Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Year Of The Rooster End Date: Possible Free Loot Box And New Voice Lines Before Event Ends The Overwatch Year of The Rooster end date is this February 13. Potentially, Blizzard... Zelda Breath Of The Wild Dungeons Simpler Than Past Entries Zelda: Breath of the Wild has gone gold and the game will be available... Fire Emblem Heroes Tier List: Best Male And Female Heroes Nintendo’s Fire Emblem Heroes is now available for both iOS and Android devices. In... Capcom Stocks Fall Despite Of Successful Resident Evil 7 Launch Week The release of a much anticipated triple-A game from big developers is usually a... Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite Roster: Why Giant Characters Are Unlikely In the recent Marvel vs Capcom entries, huge characters like Sentinel and Hulk are... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon mobile gaming Ubisoft google ps4 featured Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller Pokemon Go Update iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard NBA 2k17 Game of Thrones games NBA Trade Rumors snskid About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 8 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple hires Amazon Fire TV head to lead Apple TV Apple's TV efforts are about to get a boost-- from a former Amazon exec.  Post to Facebook Apple hires Amazon Fire TV head to lead Apple TV Apple's TV efforts are about to get a boost-- from a former Amazon exec.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2XxCY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple hires Amazon Fire TV head to lead Apple TV Eli Blumenthal , USA TODAY 9:25 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 Apple isn't giving up on TV yet. (Photo: Apple) 8 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Apple's TV efforts are about to get a boost-- from a former Amazon exec. Timothy Twerdahl, a former director of Amazon's Fire TV business has left the online retail giant to become the vice president of marketing for Apple's Apple TV business. The news of Twerdahl's switch from Amazon to Apple was first spotted by Bloomberg. Twerdahl's LinkedIn profile confirms the move. In bringing in Twerdahl, Apple adds an executive with a strong background in internet streaming. According to his LinkedIn profile, prior to heading up Amazon's Fire TV business, the unit behind the Fire TV streaming box and streaming stick, Twerdahl worked at Roku and Netflix. The hire is the latest of Apple's moves in the streaming space. Earlier this year it was revealed that a Carpool Karaoke series, a spin-off of the viral James Corden late-night bit, would appear on Apple Music streaming service this spring. USA TODAY Who's on tap for James Corden's 'Carpool Karaoke' Apple Music spinoff? Apple doesn't disclose how many Apple TVs it sells, grouping the device in the "other products" category alongside iPods, Beats headphones and the Apple Watch. The division generated just over $4 billion in revenue, according to the company's first-quarter earnings released last week. That was a boost from the $2.4 billion Apple brought in during the fourth quarter of 2016, but an 8% drop from the $4.4 billion the category generated in the same period in 2016. Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal 8 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2XxCY NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Politics 2017-02-11 Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Three Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumored Specs That iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Make Better Mobile 3 0 0 February 3, 2017 Three Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumored Specs That iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Make Better Ronald Cress Based on prevailing leaks and rumors, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is shaping up to be a pretty solid handset. The iPhone 8 has some serious competition, but as expected of Apple, it’s not backing down. In fact, it is reportedly working on making three rumored features of the Samsung flagship better than ever. Iris Scanner On The Samsung Galaxy S8? How About A Whole Face Scanner? The Samsung Galaxy S8 is expected to adopt the iris scanner from the Galaxy Note 7, which was the first in the industry to offer the feature. Unfortunately, the phablet faced a worldwide recall (twice) shortly after launch, so we never got to find out how it would have changed the daily lives of smartphone users. [Image by Artem/Fotolia/AP Images] If rumors proved true, then we’ll see it on the Galaxy S8. Hopefully, this time, we’ll get to have a chance to play with the feature for much longer. However, the novelty of using our eyes to unlock our devices may wear out sooner than Samsung would have anticipated, as Apple is reportedly gearing up to introduce a face scanner on the iPhone 8. According to Timothy Arcuri, a Cowen and Company analyst, the iPhone 8 will have a facial recognition technology with the use of lasers, notes the Business Insider. It’s unknown what Apple will use it for, but many are assuming that it will allow users to unlock their phones. If so, will it trump the Samsung Galaxy S8’s scanner, or will the fingerprint sensor still be the way to go? The iPhone 8 May Have The Actual Wireless Charging We Want We’re still at the early stages of wireless charging, though it has been around for quite some time. The Samsung Galaxy S8 will undoubtedly carry over the feature from its predecessors, but no significant change is expected to come. [Image by Ilya S. Savenok/Stringer/Getty Images] Users will still need a pad where they need to put the smartphone on so it could charge. It’s pretty useful, but only in limited cases. What people are really asking for is the ability to move around (though not really extensively) while holding the device without needing to connect it physically to a charging port via a wire – hence wireless charging. Apple Insider reports that the iPhone 8 may finally make this dream come true by using the recent breakthrough by Energous. Without all the technical terms, let’s just say that the company developed a component that allows for some distance while charging without wires, and it is apparently for Apple’s upcoming flagship. Will Samsung’s Galaxy S8 be able to compete? Why Settle For Samsung Galaxy S8’s Curves When You Can Have It With No Bezels The iPhone 8’s screen will probably have the biggest change – numerous reports are saying that the next Apple smartphone will have an all-glass curved display. Yes, the Edge treatment has finally been accepted in Cupertino. It would also seem that Samsung has fully accepted it, too, as there will be no flat-screen variant of the Galaxy S8 anymore. Today’s #iPhone8 Concept: No home button, Graphical fingerprint scanner, and OLED screen. By Moe Slah pic.twitter.com/ky6CB0WPMj — GONG iPhone (@gong_iphone) February 3, 2017 But that’s not all. A patent that was recently awarded to Apple notes of a technology that will allow for a true edge-to-edge display. Adding to that the rumors of Apple ditching the home button and we have a full-screen bezel-less display. Apple has already made the first move by removing the mechanical parts of the traditional home button. It would not be surprising to see one that is fully integrated into the screen. And what about the Samsung Galaxy S8? Will it make such a drastic change, too? Well, I’m guessing not. While the South Korean tech giant has bit-by-bit revamped its flagship with every iteration, this writer has yet to see a Galaxy smartphone that doesn’t at all look like other Galaxy devices. [Featured Image by Ilya S. Savenok/Stringer/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Apple CEO Tim Cook Criticizes Immigration Ban Now Read This: ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ronald Cress Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8 February 10, 2017 Melania Trump Rides Air Force One For The First Time Amid ‘Vogue’ Cover Backlash February 10, 2017 Hillary Clinton Trolls Donald Trump, Tweets ‘3-0’ After Travel Ban Ruling View full timeline 1 day ago Galaxy Note 8 Rumors: JBL Stereo Speakers, Dual-Cameras, And 6.2-In 4K Display 2 days ago Samsung Galaxy S8: Leaks Reveal 3500mAh Batt, AOD W/ Music Player & 18.5:9 Ratio Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos Technology World’s Longest Commercial Flight Launches Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE MMA 2017-02-10 UFC 208: Holly Holm, Anderson Silva Return To The Octagon Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 Release Date And Specs: Fiber-Like LTE Cat 16, Mini Touch Bar, And More Mobile 2 0 0 February 3, 2017 iPhone 8 Release Date And Specs: Fiber-Like LTE Cat 16, Mini Touch Bar, And More Simon Alvarez The iPhone 8 is still a long way away, but rumors about the device are already emerging in a steady stream. With the iPhone 8’s release date all but set for September 2016, analysts and Apple fans alike are closely monitoring any new leaks and speculations surrounding the upcoming flagship’s specs and features. From what could be determined so far, Apple’s iPhone 8 would truly be its best smartphone in years. Speculations about the specs and features of the iPhone 8 have long been emerging in the rumor mill, with numerous leaks and patents pointing to a revolutionary device unlike any smartphone that Apple has released so far. A Trusted Reviews report has summarized many of the iPhone 8’s rumored features, including an A11 Chip, a borderless OLED display, a laser sensor for gesture recognition, and an innovative 15-foot wireless charging feature. While Apple has yet to confirm any of these rumors, the consistency of the emerging speculations is quite noteworthy. Amidst these rumors and leaks, however, two particularly interesting specs and features of the iPhone 8 have managed to attract the attention of numerous Apple fans and mobile tech analysts alike. According to recent speculations, the iPhone 8 might end up being equipped with Qualcomm’s sixth-generation Snapdragon X16 LTE unit, since the chipmaker would most likely be Apple’s partner in the production of the iPhone 8’s modem. [Image by Jirapong Manustrong/Shutterstock] If the iPhone 8 really does come with a Snapdragon X16 LTE modem, the upcoming Apple flagship might very well be the king of mobile devices this year in terms of cellular connectivity. This is because Qualcomm has designed the Snapdragon X16 using a 14nm manufacturing process, which enables the modem to support fiber-like speeds through LTE Cat. 16. The X16 is a big step forward from the X12 modem utilized by the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the LG G5, which could only support Cat.6 LTE. Cat. 16 LTE in a smartphone would be no less than revolutionary. If the iPhone does end up being equipped with the Snapdragon X16 LTE modem, it would, at least in theory, be capable of downloading a full 4K movie (about 100GB in size) in just around 13 minutes. Blu-ray films, which average around 25GB per file, could be downloaded by the iPhone 8 in just around three to four minutes. Of course, the device’s actual download speeds would be dependent on the user’s cellular provider, but the premise of the iPhone 8 being a mobile data monster is a very compelling thought nonetheless. This is not all, however, as new rumors about the device have also emerged about the possibility of one of Apple’s newest innovations making its way to the iPhone 8, as reported by PC Advisor. [Image by Tsvetelin Dobrev/Shutterstock] New rumors about the iPhone 8 have suggested that the embedding of the Home button in the screen of the device would open up a lot of new possibilities for the upcoming flagship. With this in mind, there is a chance that the iPhone 8 might be equipped with a miniature version of the MacBook Pro 2016’s killer feature — Apple’s highly-acclaimed Touch Bar. This particular feature actually makes sense for the iPhone 8, since the rumored all-screen design of the device would be the perfect platform to implement the unique technology. A Touch Bar-totting iPhone 8 would definitely be a hit among dedicated Apple fans and everyday mobile users alike. After all, no device in the current market has implemented a similar feature for their flagships so far. Considering that Apple has every resource and technology to place a Touch Bar on the iPhone 8, there is a good chance that the upcoming smartphone would truly stand out from its competitors this year. The iPhone 8’s release date has not been confirmed by Apple, though speculations are high that the device would be unveiled at pretty much the same time its predecessors were released over the last few years. Thus, while unconfirmed, a September 2017 release date seems very likely. With the iPhone 8’s rumored specs and features in mind, however, September could not come any sooner. [Featured Image by blackzheep/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Apple CEO Tim Cook Criticizes Immigration Ban Now Read This: ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, iphone, iPhone 8 January 10, 2016 Self-Driving Cars Are Safer Than Human Drivers: Google Self-Driving Cars Get In Twenty Seven Percent Fewer Accidents January 10, 2016 Why Donald Trump Could Be Banned From The United Kingdom in 2016: Why Parliament Will Discuss The Ban Only View full timeline 8 hours ago iPhone 8 Release Date & Specs: Quick Charging, Plastic 4K OLED, & Mini Touch Bar 13 hours ago iPhone X With Over $1000 Price Tag To Feature Wireless Charging & OLED Screen? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Anna Nicole Smith Still Dotes On Daughter Dannielynn From Beyond The Grave George Clooney Disobeyed The 12-Week Rule To Tell Matt Damon His Baby News Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.1k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 1.9k 0 0 Recent Videos Technology World’s Longest Commercial Flight Launches Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Amazon’s Fire TV Head appointed to run Apple TV division Apple has hired Timothy Twerdahl, the director of Amazon’s Fire TV division, as a new vice president, according to a report from Bloomberg. Twerdahl will replace Pete Distad who was responsible for the Apple TV business, and will be reporting to Greg Joswiak, Vice President in charge of marketing for the iPhone. He has been in charge of Fire TV since 2013 spearheading Fire TV products. As per the report, Twerdahl’s appointment will allow Pete Distad, the former head of Apple TV product marketing, to concentrate on helping Apple land content deals. An Apple spokesman confirmed to Bloomberg that Timothy D. Twerdahl joined Apple this month. Prior to his stint at Amazon, Twerdahl was also the senior director of internet TV at Netflix and a vice president of consumer devices at Roku. Source "Amazon's Fire TV Head appointed to run Apple TV division", 5 out of 5 based on 1 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on February 8, 2017Categories Amazon Post navigation Previous Previous post: Tesla ‘hoping’ to launch in India in summer 2017, says Elon Musk Next Next post: LG Watch Sport and Watch Style with Android Wear 2.0 announced Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Reliance Jio offers JioNet high speed Wi-Fi at Uppal Stadium for India-Bangladesh test match Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955FD support page goes live on India site, logo confirms the name Gionee A1 with 16MP front camera, Android 7.0 live images surface ahead of MWC 2017 Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X, Asus ZenFone 3s Max, HTC 10 evo and more Nokia launches worldwide IoT network grid as a service to provide seamless IoT connectivity globally Amazon Echo with Alexa AI assistant reportedly launching in India this year Honor 6X Battery Life Test Google Chrome now supports VR 2017 iPhones to feature wireless charging, Galaxy S8 could have 3500mAh battery and more – FoneArena Daily Vodafone 4G launching in Chennai on February 13 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:15 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple Watch takes half of the market and posts record figures in 2016 Wednesday February 8, 2017 11:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple has monopolised two thirds of the connected watch market.— Reuters picNEW YORK, Feb 8 — There is no denying the records set by Apple in the fourth quarter of 2016. Not only did the Cupertino, California giant unload 78 million iPhones, it also succeeded in shipping six million connected watches during the same period, according to the latest figures from market research consultant Canalys. The figure of six million Apple Watches shipped highlights a 12 per cent increase for the same quarter in 2015. But more importantly it also shows that Apple has monopolized two thirds of the connected watch market, which boasted overall shipments of nine million units in the course of the period, reports Canalys. Even more extraordinary, in terms of value Apple Watch accounted for 80% of revenue generated by the smartwatch market. With regard to overall figures for 2016, Apple shipped 11.9 million watches, accounting for nearly half of the market share (49%). Not surprisingly then, Apple enjoys a huge lead in this market, where it is far ahead of second placed Fitbit (17 per cent) and third placed Samsung (15 per cent). Taken together, all of the other connected watch producers account for a market share of only 19 per cent. In 2017, however, Canalys is predicting a bounce in shipments of Android Wear watches, notably with the long awaited widespread deployment of Android Wear 2 and the launch of such models as the Samsung Gear S3 which will be available in "Classic" and "Frontier" versions. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Algorithms: the managers of our digital lives Google brings virtual reality to updated Chrome mobile browser Sony's new 4K Ultra HD TVs, Blu-ray player hit stores in March Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit Apple TV eyes Amazon Fire TV's success ‘Final Fantasy XV’ blends free and paid add-ons with update announcement (VIDEO) Apple to start building iPhones in India Top 2017 smartphones and new Nokia handsets expected at Mobile World Congress Singing robot and 18th Century Silver Swan star in new London exhibition (VIDEO) Watch out Batman, this bladeless bat-like drone might be faster than you (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Smartwatch sales struggle (VIDEO) Apple Watch can’t be judged through iPhone time warp Using The Force? No, it’s an Apple Watch flying this drone (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple v. Samsung case sent back to lower courts to determine if damages retrial is neccessary By Christian Zibreg, Feb 8, 2017 Tweet 3 Comments The seemingly never-ending legal battle between Apple and Samsung went back to its roots as a federal appeals court said Tuesday that it was up to a district court to decide if there should be a damages retrial. According to CNET, the case will return to the San Jose, California court where the trials in the long-running patent dispute originally took place. It is now up to that court to determined whether to hold another damages retrial or what other recourse to take. From the ruling: Both parties filed statements urging us to take different actions. While Apple requests continued panel review, Samsung requests that we remand to the district court for a new trial on damages. For the reasons explained below, we adopt neither suggested course of action. Instead, we remand this case to the district court for further proceedings, which may or may not include a new damages trial. Apple refused to provide comment. “We look forward to making our case at the district court and prevailing on behalf of all those who promote creativity, innovation and fair competition in the marketplace,” Samsung said in a statement to CNET. Apple previously asked for the appeals court to uphold the earlier damages ruling, but Samsung fought to send the case back to district court for a new damages trial. Instead, the federal circuit said it will be up to the district court to decide if a new trial is needed. Comic courtesy Joy of Tech. Source: CNET Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Samsung seeks arbitration against Sharp and other LCD panel makers over supply halt Appeals court reopens Apple vs. Samsung case over iPhone’s patented design US Supreme Court to tackle the outcome of monster Apple vs. Samsung lawsuit tomorrow Samsung caught using drawings of Apple Watch in its own smartwatch patent filing Related Topics Apple, Lawsuit, Legal, News, Patents, Samsung burge What ever happens one of the will be trying to get some some sort of retail that’s in there favour. Rowan09 Wealthy people problem. JasonSantoro.com Apple is never going to see that check. Samsung is never going to pay and they shouldn’t. Apple didn’t invent rounded corners.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: If It Weren't for Capital Returns, Apple Would Have Nearly $400 Billion in Cash By Now That's too much. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Feb 8, 2017 at 9:37AM Here's an interesting factoid: If Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had not implemented its capital return program back in 2012 -- and consistently updated it in the years since -- the Mac maker would be sitting on nearly $400 billion in cash. That's not to say I believe Apple's capital returns are a mistake. Quite the contrary; I'm a huge fan. A numbers game As of the end of 2016, Apple had approximately $246 billion in total cash on the balance sheet. After adjusting for $77 billion in total term debt, that leaves a net cash position of $169 billion. But that debt load is predominantly there in order to fund Apple's capital return program, so if we wanted to imagine how much cash Apple would have absent its capital return program, you need to add the total amount returned cumulatively to date to the current net cash position. Between dividends, dividend equivalents, net share settlements, and share repurchases, Apple has now returned $201 billion total. Here's a breakdown: Type of Capital Return Cumulative Returned Share repurchases $144 billion Dividends and equivalents $51 billion Net share settlement $6 billion Total $201 billion Data source: Apple. Theoretically adding that all back in to net cash, Apple would be sitting on $370 billion in cash right about now. If it weren't already clear, that's an inordinate amount of money and far more than any company would ever need to operate. To help put the sheer magnitude of that hypothetical figure into perspective, consider how few companies ever get their entire market capitalization or enterprise value that high. That's comparable to the current market caps of peer tech giants Amazon.com ($383 billion) and Facebook ($381 billion). That's equal to the entire 2015 GDP of the United Arab Emirates. Thanks, Tim Not only does Apple earn very little on that cash since it invests very conservatively (in CEO Tim Cook's words from 2013, Apple's investment subsidiary only invests in "the most conservative investments known to man"), but that cash also needlessly inflates Apple's total assets. This in turn increases the shareholders' equity on the balance sheet. Tim Cook holding the billionth iPhone. Image source: Apple. In itself, this isn't cause for concern, but there are many important performance metrics that investors look at which are derived from these figures. Ratios like return on assets (ROA) or return on equity (ROE) come to mind, which suffer and reflect negatively on management's performance if the denominator is excessively large for no good reason. Steve Jobs had long been irrationally averse to any type of capital return program, and Cook's implementation of one is easily one of the most financially significant things he has done for investors. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple and FB. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, Apple, and FB. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 9:37AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Read More Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current If It Weren't for Capital Returns, Apple Would Have Nearly $400 Billion in Cash By Now @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Beats by Dre Technology Apple's long-delayed BeatsX wireless headphones will finally launch in the UK on Friday Did you forget about Dre?  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 14:28, 8 FEB 2017 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextBeats by Dre unveil powerful new athlete campaign Watch this video again Watch Next Beats By Dre Presents : "Got No Strings"1:42 Watch what happens when you buy fake Beats blueto0:30 Amazing Bastian Schweinsteiger Beats By Dre adver1:29 Meet Cassie, the 'ostrich' robot that could soon 0:37 Huggable robot pillow could cure insomnia1:08 Elon Musk starts trailing Hyperloop passenger pods1:26 Demonstration of HOSPI the Autonomous Delivery Ro1:49 Users celebrate success of high tech 'Ava' wristb2:46 This app tells inconsiderate commuters to stand u1:05 Innovative 'Nailbot' technology lets fashionistas0:46 Video will play in Beats By Dre - BeatsX wireless headphones Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email When Apple pulled the plug on wired headphones last year , it took the opportunity to reveal a brand new set of cans from the Beats brand. Called BeatsX, they feature the same W1 chip as the iPhone 7, making for a swift and easy pairing with no fussy 3.5mm connections . But the BeatsX suffered the same problem as Apple's own AirPods - namely, endless delays. Now Beats By Dre has finally announced that the highly-anticipated new headphones will be available globally on Friday, February 10. You'll be able to walk into an Apple store and exchange 130 English pounds and 95 pence for your own pair. Read More Return of the CASSETTE TAPE? Sales of the humble physical media soar (Photo: Beats) Alternatively, you'll be able to buy them directly from the Apple website . "Compatible with both iOS and Android devices, Beats features Class 1 Bluetooth for optimal connectivity," Beats by Dre proclaimed in a statement. "For iOS10 users, the Apple W1 chip provides an easy one-step Bluetooth connection and the added ability to toggle seamlessly between iCloud-registered devices." The company claims that the wireless headphones, which loop around your neck, will provide two hours of playback after just five minutes on a charger. Leave them charging for 45 minutes and you can expect eight hours of playback. Read More Injustice 2 trailer shows Batman versus Robin in brutal superhero clash (Photo: Beats) "When you’re not using the earphones, magnetic ear buds keep them tangle-free around your neck, and they easily coil to fit into a compact carrying case for storage and portability," said Beats. Along with finally revealing an on-sale date, Beats also confirmed it was adding two colours to the line-up. You'll be able to get the BeatsX in white, black, grey or blue. The wireless headphone trend is accelerating as more phones are expected to follow Apple's lead and drop that old-timey analogue connector . Last week, Motorola revealed a new pair of in-ear wireless buds, the Motorola Verve Ones Music Edition , to compete directly with Apple's AirPods. poll loading Do you rate wireless headphones? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Android iOS iPhone Headphones Beats by Dre Technology all Most Read Most Recent RobotsRobot goes rogue after being handed the controls to a drone 'I really had no idea what was going to happen,' says bemused owner CopyrightAre Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Ticket toutsComputer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered The programs, known as “bots”, can be loaded with different names, addresses and credit card details so tickets can be bought in bulk as soon as they go on sale Video GamesPokémon GO Valentine's Day event brings double candies and increased spawn rates for pink Pokémon Pokémon GO is getting a Valentine's Day themed update, but it only lasts for a week. Ticket toutsComputer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered The programs, known as “bots”, can be loaded with different names, addresses and credit card details so tickets can be bought in bulk as soon as they go on sale Video GamesRocket League teams up with Hot Wheels for new DLC Fans of Rocket League to get virtual and physical cars as Mattel and Zag Toys both team up with the hit game iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years CometsComet flyby LIVE: Watch as this bizarre green comet passes through our solar system tonight Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdušáková is blazing its way through the heavens this week - with a distinctive bluey-green colour Lunar eclipsePenumbral lunar eclipse, Snow Moon and New Year Comet to coincide in one spectacular display Sky watchers are in for a treat, when three celestial events will coincide - but what is a lunar eclipse and how can I watch it? Most Read Most Recent 50 Shades of GreyCinema 'BANS' single men from new Fifty Shades Darker screening - and warns over 'women's hormones' The film, starring Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey and Dakota Johnson as Anastasia Steele, is to open in Irish cinemas tonight Lottery winnersSingle dad who scooped £250,000 on lottery wants to buy an Audi A3 - there's just one catch Andrew Nabb, 33, won a cool £247,513 in last Friday's EuroMillions draw and can't wait to get behind the wheel of his dream car SchoolsVomiting bug shigellosis sweeping UK - what to look out for and what to do An outbreak of shigellosis or shigella has struck down children in some schools. Anyone can get the infection, however it is more common in young children WeatherUK weather: Prepare for coldest weather of winter so far with up to 10inches of snow expected Health officials have warned the elderly and sick to stock up on essentials ahead of the cold snap WeatherUK weather: Snow is coming this weekend and this is when and where it may fall in your area Where is it snowing in the UK this weekend? Forecasters have warned tonight could be the coldest night of winter so far and snow is expected in many parts of the county Car crashesMum's grief 10 years after teen girls were killed by boy racer who fled scene of horror crash Ricky Herbert ran away after he killed Jane Brennand, 13, and Roxanne Trim, 17, in a stolen, modified car with no seatbelts HolidaysGulf of Florida offers white sandy beaches, great seafood and spectacular sunsets There are few more beautiful sights when it comes to holidays than Lido Key, says Paul Henderson Premier LeagueLiverpool squad vs Tottenham revealed ahead of Premier League clash at Anfield Jurgen Klopp's men will be hoping to get back to winning ways when they entertain Mauricio Pochettino's men Arsenal FCArsenal squad vs Hull revealed ahead of Premier League clash at the Emirates Hector Bellerin returned to training on Friday after appearing to suffer concussion against Chelsea Premier LeagueChelsea squad vs Burnley revealed ahead of Premier League clash at Turf Moor Antonio Conte could shuffle his pack for the visit to Turf Moor Top Stories PrescriptionsNine-year-old rushed to hospital after pharmacist accidentally gave her METHADONE Ruby-Mai Bell from Nottingham, was supposed to be given antibiotics for an infection at a Nottingham pharmacy on Tuesday but was given the Class A drug by mistake Lottery winnersSingle dad who scooped £250,000 on lottery wants to buy an Audi A3 - there's just one catch Andrew Nabb, 33, won a cool £247,513 in last Friday's EuroMillions draw and can't wait to get behind the wheel of his dream car Arsenal FCAlex Oxlade-Chamberlain apologised to Arsene Wenger after 'liking' tweet calling for Gunners boss' axe The England midfielder was seen to have liked a post in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to Chelsea, calling for the Gunners boss to leave the club Tara Palmer-TomkinsonFears mystery man seen with Tara Palmer-Tomkinson in weeks before death 'may have been drug dealer' Friends fear Tara, who had struggled to kick drugs for decades, may have fallen back into bad habits InquestsMum found hanged on mental health ward 'let down by services that could have saved her' Rachel Morgan, 28, suffered from severe postnatal depression and had tried to take her life several times in the months leading up to her death Shannon Matthews'I wish I could get to see her': Shannon Matthews' best friend breaks silence with heartfelt plea Callie Brown was just eight when her best friend was taken away from her Wedding dressHeartbroken bride's desperate appeal to find antique wedding dress lost after 'dry cleaner sold it' Tess Newall is trying to trace her great-great-grandmother's lace gown which dates back to 1870 after it was lost when the cleaners went into administration SnowDoorman dies in freak accident after falling through glass window and slashing throat while shovelling snow Miguel Gonzalez, 59, suffered severe lacerations to his neck after he slipped and fell while clearing snow from the steps of his building SchoolsVomiting bug shigellosis sweeping UK - what to look out for and what to do An outbreak of shigellosis or shigella has struck down children in some schools. Anyone can get the infection, however it is more common in young children CrimeKiller who stabbed, decapitated and cannibalised stranger on bus is now FREE and completely unmonitored in Canada Vince Li attacked Timothy McLean at random, cut off his head and began eating parts of his flesh George Michael"He's cold. He's blue. He's very stiff": Full 999 call made by George Michael's shocked boyfriend reveals he tried to revive him for an hour before calling help The singer was found dead on Christmas Day PeriodsGirl nearly dies from tampon she'd only been wearing FIVE HOURS Katie Knight, 20, was rushed to hospital and spent four days in intensive care suffering from Toxic Shock Syndrome Robot goes rogue after being handed the controls to a drone Are Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Computer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered Pokémon GO Valentine's Day event brings double candies and increased spawn rates for pink Pokémon Fukushima cleaning robot pulled from reactor after camera gets damaged by massive radiation levels inside tsunami disaster site Futuristic 'invisible TV' turns TRANSPARENT when you're not watching it - leaving just a pane of glass iPhone 8 could arrive EARLY amid reports Apple will start production in June This simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender Simple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it Samsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch Five arrested for selling Kodi boxes 'fully loaded' with illegal streaming apps How to have 'secret' conversations on Facebook Messenger and stop the government spying on your chats What is Kodi? All you need to know about the streaming app at the centre of a landmark legal battle How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Pokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon This is how much of the internet is porn Kodi warning issued for people who are using the boxes to stream shows illegally How to install Kodi on an Amazon Fire TV Stick - a quick guide to downloading the streaming software How to use Pokémon GO gyms: Tips and hints for winning battles with your Pokémon News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Why The Apple TV Could Get A Whole Lot Better Soon Henry T. Casey Staff Writer Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)February 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share While we praised the latest Apple TV for its plethora of apps, we were disappointed by its lack of 4K support and exclusive content. Apple appears to be aware of this deficit, and is reportedly working to prioritize new content and features to bring the Apple TV closer to parity with Amazon Fire devices. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's GuideMore Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide According to a Bloomberg report, Apple poached the former head of Amazon's Fire TV division, Timothy D. Twerdahl, away from the online streaming and shopping powerhouse. Twerdahl's a streaming veteran, with prior experience as an executive at Netflix and as vice president of consumer devices at Roku. Twerdahl managed the Fire TV business (which includes the Fire Stick and Fire TV box) since 2013, so it's fair to think he'll bring a fountain of knowledge about the industry to Apple. There is one caveat about Apple hiring Twerdahl, as his focus won't be entirely on product, as he'll be the vice president of Apple TV marketing.  MORE: The Best Streaming Devices You Can Buy Just as important, though, is that Pete Distad, the Apple exec who formerly held that position, is reportedly moving to a role where he will be "negotiating media content deals." Distad came to Apple after working at Hulu as the senior vice president of content distribution, so this role will allow Apple to potentially secure deals for the kinds of original Apple shows that the company has been rumored to be working on. We'd love it if Twerdahl's influence could bring 4K video to the Apple TV, as it's one of the box's biggest flaws and a major reason to choose an Amazon or Roku box. The most recent generation of Apple's long-running streaming box launched in 2015, so now seems like as good a time as ever for a major refresh. See also : 7 Reasons Roku Ultra Beats Apple TV The Best Apple TV Apps Streaming Netflix? Here's the Best Stuff to Watch Why I Dumped Sling TV for PlayStation Vue Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET Murder Took His Mother Investigation DiscoverySponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Top Apple's new product at half price Ways To Save For Wed Feb 8, 2017 Matt Granite and WKYC , WKYC 7:26 AM. CST February 08, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST CLEVELAND, OH - Move over Apple AirPods! Today the single best tech deal launched at CES 2017 is the wireless streaming headphone deal of the year.  If you have not heard the power of Treblab headphones, they are better than Beats, better than Apple and as solid as Bose in all of our tests. Treblab is one of the top-rated audio brands in the world.  Watch our crazy jump tests: and an interview with the Treblab X11 wireless earbuds at CES 2017 right here.  The Treblab X11's are new for 2017 and incorporate an ingenious microphone to answer phone calls. Unlike most wireless headphones that actually have a physical wire between the ear pieces, like the AirPods, these are wire-free! - Stream from Apple, Android and Bluetooth equipped devices - Unbelievable sound: extremely powerful! - Headphones don't fall out during jump tests - Sweat proof and ideal for the gym, biking, hiking - Full day battery life - Smart features allow for phone syncing and call answers - Astonishingly clear sound - Comes with carrying case and numerous ear tips for a perfect fit - Full one year warranty The Apple AirPods have a 6 week wait and retail for $159. The Treblabs which had a waiting list are actually available in stock today for a limited time at half that price with free shipping.  $120 Off Treblab True Wireless Headphones (CES 2017) + Free Shipping Was: $199.99 Now: $79.99 ***Want to win a pair for free? Make sure to subscribe here.  No companies pay this TV station to feature products. The purpose of this column is to save you cash! TEGNA CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Mom does police work after teen son found dead FM 1960 motorcycle crash White House plan to return to moon by 2020 Mom describes 'terror' with child at drive-thru window Overnight chase on N. Freeway caught on camera NEW BILL COULD CHANGE DIVORCE IN TEXAS Sheriff Champagne press conference on explosion at pipeline Appeals court refuses to reinstate travel ban Local coach sues school over equal pay Teen found dead behind church school More Stories Houston's homeless plan promised: Where is it? Feb 10, 2017, 10:49 p.m. Texas EquuSearch looking for missing 17-year-old… Feb 10, 2017, 7:24 p.m. Texas lawmakers push for lower speed limits Feb 10, 2017, 5:48 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.3 Reviews Oppo R9s review Oppo R9s review By Stephen Lambrechts Phones  Apple face with an Android booty Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Screen and interface 3. Camera and music 4. Performance, battery and verdict Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict Offering a flagship feel at half the price of its competitors, the Oppo R9s is one of the best mid-range handsets on the market, though don't expect stellar game performance. For Premium feel Solid build Long battery life Fast charging Great selfie camera Against Struggles with gaming ColorOS still needs work Over-saturated colours Steadily climbing its way into the number one position among smartphone makers in China, Oppo has made a name for itself by offering customers premium-feeling handsets at half the price of the competition. With this strategy, it’s perhaps no surprise that the company owns 23 percent of the market share in its home country (by comparison, Apple currently holds a 6 percent market share in China).  Now, its latest handset, the Oppo R9s, has just launched in Australia, and we got our hands on one for review. Looking at the Oppo R9s in its naked form, it’d be easy to mistake it for an iPhone 7 – its thin, rounded aluminium body, slightly-protruding camera bump, matte finish and similarly-placed buttons seem clearly modelled after the Apple flagship (though its pill-shaped capacitive home button gives its Android status away), as does its new iOS-aping ColorOS 3.0 software.  But what the phone may lack in design originality, it makes up for in sheer value. Though it has a retail price of AU$599 (around US$457 and £365), many of the hallmarks we’ve come to expect from a premium phone are present here.  With the R9s, Oppo has produced its most polished phone to date. Though its success in China is a given, does the Oppo R9s have what it takes to become the king of mid-range phones in the western world? Though it’s only non-Asian market is Australia at present, its success here could open up wider avenues for Oppo in the future. And if it doesn’t happen, it won’t be for fault of this impressive handset. So far, there's no word on when the Oppo R9s will arrive in the US and UK, but we'll keep you updated on any developments. However, it is currently available in Singapore at a price of S$679.  Design As was mentioned earlier, the iPhone 7 was a clear touchstone in the Oppo R9s’ design. Smooth and rounded, the only sharpness you’ll find here is in the screen’s edges, which aren’t quite as close to the handset as they are on Apple’s flagship. It is thinner, though – the Oppo R9s is 6.6mm thick, compared to the iPhone 7’s 7.1mm. It’s rather slippery in the hand, but thankfully, Oppo has included a clear silicone case and an already-applied screen protector with each handset. Like the iPhone 7, the Oppo R9s has a capacitive touch home button which doubles as a fingerprint sensor, and while it doesn’t provide the faux ‘click’ sensation of Apple’s handset, it does offer a slight tremor when pressed. Where it does have Apple beat, however, is in its speed – the Oppo R9s offers one of the fastest sensors we’ve ever experienced, seemingly unlocking the phone instantly. It’s also got a hydrophobic membrane over it which helps the sensor register your prints, even when your digits are moist. Whether this means the sensor offers less security than its rivals is unknown, though after numerous attempts, no one other than myself was able to unlock the handset. Joining the home button are two capacitive ‘recents’ and ‘back’ buttons, which are set in that order from left to right – Galaxy-style. Again, like the iPhone, the device’s power button sits on the right edge and two volume buttons on the left.  A dual SIM tray offers space for (you guessed it) two nano-SIM cards, or one SIM card and a microSD card up to 256GB to join the device’s 64GB of onboard storage. On the bottom of the phone, you’ll find a speaker grille, a micro USB port and, thankfully, a 3.5mm headphone jack.  At first glance, you might not notice the antenna lines across the R9s’s back. Though the R9s shares the iPhone 6’s antenna placement, its ultra-fine “six-string” antenna layout is almost invisible from certain angles, giving it more of an iPhone 7-like appearance. 1 2 3 4 Current page: Introduction and design Next Page Screen and interface ABOUT THE AUTHOR Stephen Lambrechts Stephen is the Australian editor of TechRadar, and is obsessed with smartphones, televisions, and consuming all forms of media at the highest quality possible. He's also likely to talk a person’s ear off at the mere mention of Apple, Nintendo or 1980s action cinema. Tags Samsung Galaxy Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 3 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 4 The best free video editor 2017 5 Best phone 2017: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Forget the iPhone 7 – save money with an iPhone SE if you want good battery life 2 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 3 Nintendo Switch review 4 The physics of why valve amps sound better 5 Send word to Mac users: new malware unleashed targeting Apple’s computers TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Japanese Prime Minister Prepares to Meet with Trump and Announce a Plan for 700,000 U.S. Jobs led by Sharp | Main | Apple Reportedly Contracts new Korean Supplier for Next-Gen OLEDs with Embedded Multitouch Technology » February 08, 2017 Apple's iPhone 7 was the Top Brand in Great Britain in Q4 2016 with Brand Loyalty hitting an All-Time High   A new report today states that the latest smartphone OS sales data shows that in the fourth quarter of 2016, iOS continued year-on-year growth across all tracked regions except Urban China. Android gained in most markets, except the US, Great Britain, and Australia.   According to Global Consumer Insight Director, Lauren Guenveur, "Although Android still has a larger ecosystem, Apple was the top brand in the US and Great Britain for the final quarter of 2016."   Guenveur added that "In EU5, Samsung was first, with Huawei second. In Urban China, Apple was not able to recapture first place, as Huawei continued to hold that spot."   In the US, iOS accounted for 44.4% of smartphone sales in the fourth quarter of 2016, up from 39.1% in the same period of 2015. Android took 54.4% of sales, down 4.7% points from 4Q 2015.   Guenveur pointed out that "iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were the top sellers for the holiday period, netting their highest share since their release in mid-September, and representing 28% of smartphones sold in the fourth quarter.   Britain's iPhone Loyalty Highest Ever   Dominic Sunnebo, Business Unit Director for Kantar pointed out that "Apple achieved its highest loyalty ever in Britain, with 96% of those Apple owners who replaced their phones buying another iPhone." A likely statistic that Apple's Tim Cook may use in the future.   Sunnebo added that "More than 50% of iPhone 7 buyers were upgrading from iPhone 6 as the brand's lifecycle continues to hover around 24 months."   Kantar's Tamsin Timpson added to the report by noting that although Apple's Urban China stats were down overall, on a single smartphone model basis, the "iPhone 7 remained the top-selling model in the Chinese market in the last quarter of 2016 at 6.8%. However, its share was smaller than last year's iPhone 6s, which represented 10.5% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2015. Looking at the broader market, there was a shift in popularity. The Top 10 list of smartphone models sold in Urban China in 2015 consisted of just three manufacturers Apple, Huawei, and Xiaomi. In 2016, a fourth vendor was added to that list – Oppo."   In the big picture, Guenveur says that "Smartphone sales were down overall in the last quarter of 2016 compared to the final quarter of 2015."   On a minor point of interest, Guenveur pointed out that "Considering iPhone 7's top-seller status, the absence of a round headphone jack was not a big issue for consumers" as feared by pundits. Guenveur noted in a second report today on this subject that "As often happens, buyers demonstrated that the pundits were wrong and was Apple right."   In her second report, Guenveur talking about the iPhone 7 further noted that "Perhaps Apple's greatest strength during Q4 2016 was in convincing consumers to choose the iPhone 7 Plus – with a larger 5.5-inch screen and dual camera lens – at a higher price point than the 4.7-inch iPhone 7.     In the US during that same period, 43% of iPhone 7/7 Plus consumers opted for the larger 7 Plus, compared to the 28% of the early iPhone 6s/6s Plus buyers in Q4 2015 who purchased the larger 6s Plus. Of those who bought the iPhone 7 Plus, 63% upgraded from a smaller screen size, with 24% coming from iPhone 6, 10% from iPhone 6s, and 9% from iPhone 5s."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on February 08, 2017 at 07:08 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Watch takes half of the market and posts record figures in 2016 AFP Relax News•February 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 11.9 million Apple Watches were sold around the world in 2016.More There is no denying the records set by Apple in the fourth quarter of 2016. Not only did the Cupertino, California giant unload 78 million iPhones, it also succeeded in shipping six million connected watches during the same period, according to the latest figures from market research consultant Canalys. The figure of six million Apple Watches shipped highlights a 12% increase for the same quarter in 2015. But more importantly it also shows that Apple has monopolized two thirds of the connected watch market, which boasted overall shipments of nine million units in the course of the period, reports Canalys. Even more extraordinary, in terms of value Apple Watch accounted for 80% of revenue generated by the smartwatch market. With regard to overall figures for 2016, Apple shipped 11.9 million watches, accounting for nearly half of the market share (49%). Not surprisingly then, Apple enjoys a huge lead in this market, where it is far ahead of second placed Fitbit (17%) and third placed Samsung (15%). Taken together, all of the other connected watch producers account for a market share of only 19%. In 2017, however, Canalys is predicting a bounce in shipments of Android Wear watches, notably with the long awaited widespread deployment of Android Wear 2 and the launch of such models as the Samsung Gear S3 which will be available in "Classic" and "Frontier" versions. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple can't avoid its $13 billion tax bill through Trump's tax reforms, EU says Rob Price Feb. 8, 2017, 9:46 AM 3,054 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for RFK Human Rights With President Trump talking about tax reform, is there a chance that Apple will be able to get out of its €13 billion Irish tax bill altogether? The short answer from the EU is: no. In August 2016, Apple was hit with a €13 billion tax bill by the European Commission, payable to Ireland. The Commission alleges that Apple's tax arrangements in Ireland, where it has its European headquarters, amount to unfair "state aid," and are illegal under law. As such, it has been ordered to pay the huge bill for unpaid taxes — something that both Apple and Ireland are appealing. On Wednesday, European Commission competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager was asked at a press conference what potential reform of the American tax code by Trump could mean for the Ireland tax bill. If a tax cut meant Apple "ends up paying its taxes in the US," a journalist asked, "would that ... eradicate the need for any Apple payments back to Ireland or to any other EU member state?" Vestager indicated that Apple's arrangement would still be considered "selective advantages" that "[unlevelled] the playing field." "The Apple decision is based on our findings that Apple have organised themselves in such a way that profits from the sales in Europe, Middle East, Africa, and one more market are recorded in Cork, in Ireland, which is why these profits are also to be taxed in Ireland. Because you know, we work in the principle that profits should be taxed where they are generated." Margrethe Vestager, EU Competition Commissioner.Reuters She continued: "Whatever US tax reform they may pass is, of course, for them. What is important for us is the very sort of basic ... that if any company or group of companies gets selective advantages by member states and thereby unlevelling the playing field, and obviously we do respect that we will have to figure out where profits are generated and recorded before you can actually tax them." That's not to say that Apple isn't able to lessen the €13 billion bill, however. Back in August 2016, Vestager said that Apple sending more cash back to the US could reduce it. "The amount to be paid back to Ireland would also be reduced if the two [Apple subsidiaries] were required to pay larger amounts of money to their US parent company to fund the research and development efforts, in addition to the annual payments they have made," she said, according to Independent.ie. Other countries might also be able to claim a chunk of it if they think they're owed — potentially reducing the amount paid to Ireland (but not the amount owed altogether). "Other countries, in the EU or elsewhere, can look at our investigation," Vestager said last year. "If they conclude that Apple should have recorded its sales in those countries instead of Ireland, they could require Apple to pay more tax locally. That would reduce the amount to be paid back to Ireland." In September 2016, prior to the US election, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company planned to repatriate "several billion dollars" of cash held overseas to the US in 2017. "We paid $400 million to Ireland, we paid $400 (million) to the US and we provisioned several billion dollars for the US for payment as soon as we repatriate it and right now I forecast that repatriation to occur next year," he told RTE. Cook has been highly critical of the European Commission ruling, telling Independent.ie that it is "total political crap." President Trump has promised to cut taxes on businesses and slash regulation, and Cook cited tax reform as a reason why he attended a meeting with the then-president-elect in December 2016. NOW WATCH: The fabulous and charmed life of 26-year-old self-made billionaire, Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Loading video... More: Margrethe Vestager Apple Tax Ireland facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple can't avoid its $13 billion tax bill through Trump's tax reforms, EU says Apple can't avoid its $13 billion tax bill through Trump's tax reforms, EU says With President Trump talking about tax reform... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Advantus Capital Management Inc Buys 2,631 Shares of Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) TLP Group LLC Purchases Shares of 1,264 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Position Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Acquires Shares of 2,700 Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Lowered by Two Sigma Securities LLC 15,104 Shares in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Acquired by Two Sigma Securities LLC UBS Oconnor LLC Acquires Shares of 67,145 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 16,538 Shares February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Johny Srouji sold 16,538 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $129.83, for a total transaction of $2,147,128.54. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 131.53 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $690.08 billion, a PE ratio of 15.79 and a beta of 1.26. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $132.09. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $120.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $113.09. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The iPhone maker reported $3.36 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $3.22 by $0.14. The company earned $78.35 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $77.37 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. Apple’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $3.28 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 16th. Stockholders of record on Monday, February 13th will be issued a $0.57 dividend. This represents a $2.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.73%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 9th. Apple’s payout ratio is 27.31%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/apple-inc-aapl-insider-johny-srouji-sells-16538-shares.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Canaccord Genuity boosted their target price on shares of Apple from $142.00 to $154.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday. William Blair restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday. Bank of America Corporation boosted their target price on shares of Apple to $145.00 in a research report on Wednesday. Nomura set a $135.00 target price on shares of Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating, thirty-nine have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $134.66. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in AAPL. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Apple by 0.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 331,395,817 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $31,681,440,000 after buying an additional 1,408,642 shares during the period. Legal & General Group Plc increased its stake in shares of Apple by 2.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 24,474,691 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $2,339,700,000 after buying an additional 625,760 shares during the period. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Apple by 6,771.0% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 22,633,195 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $999,482,000 after buying an additional 22,303,795 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in shares of Apple by 7.4% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 15,578,416 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,489,297,000 after buying an additional 1,067,300 shares during the period. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd increased its stake in shares of Apple by 56.9% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 15,294,140 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,462,120,000 after buying an additional 5,543,465 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 58.84% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Trending in Apple How to customize the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, add shortcuts, hide Control Strip, remove Siri button, more Trending in Apple Meet Spotty, a free upcoming app that brings Spotify offline playback to Apple Watch [Video] Trending in Apple Apple plans new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: 16 HomeKit devices, and I’m already wanting more … [Video] Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie February 8 AAPL: 132.04 0.51 Apple partner Sharp’s planned US manufacturing rumored for first half of year as Japan PM meets Trump Benjamin Mayo - Feb. 8th 2017 6:07 am PT @bzamayo Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Via Reuters, Sharp may begin a $7 billion project to build a factory in the United States before June of this year. Apple supplier Foxconn announced plans to explore manufacturing components in the US earlier this year, and this latest report largely reaffirms those rumors with a more concrete time frame. A spring/summer start for the US plant would be sooner than many predicted. Sharp has supplied display components for Apple in the past and may be one of the OLED display suppliers for the iPhone 8. If the project does go through, it is unlikely that the factory will be a contributor to the iPhone 8 supply chain however. Even if work begins in May or June, it will take many months (potentially years) for the factory to be operational — whereas Apple starts ramping production for the next-generation iPhone as soon as June. The news comes as the Japanese Prime Minister will meet US President Donald Trump, who has championed the benefits of domestic production and has been outspoken in his demands to get Apple to make iPhones in the US, rather than China. Japan is attempting to gain favor with the US by announcing an investment plan that will create hundreds of thousands of US jobs; the Sharp factory could play a big role in the proposition. In a statement to Reuters, Sharp said that a decision about the US plant had not been finalized. Given that it’s already February, a mid-year timeline would be aggressive. A spokesman for Sharp said no decision on building a plant had been made. Foxconn, formally Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Terry Gou, the chief executive of Foxconn, the world’s largest contract electronics maker, last month said he was considering investing around $7 billion to build a display-making plant in the United States, but did not elaborate on any time frame. Foxconn assembles most of the iPhones Apple makes and it purchased Sharp’s LCD business last year in a reported attempt to move up the supply chain. If the project goes ahead, it’s one step closer to actually making iPhones in the US … but obviously there is a long way to go until that is a reality. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel

Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Apple hires Amazon’s Fire TV boss as Apple TV leader New Apple TV chief brings a lot of experience Computerworld | Feb 8, 2017 4:24 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: iFixIt More like this How Apple will make you really, really want an Apple TV Tim Cook wants Apple to make your life better with AR What to expect from Apple in 2017 Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! Apple has hired former head of Amazon’s Fire TV unit, Tim Twerdahl, who becomes a vice president at the firm, allegedly with responsibility for Apple TV product marketing. Extensive experience He will report to Apple’s VP iOS, iPad and iPhone product marketing, Greg Joswiak. Twerdahl’s LinkedIn page says he joined Apple this month. Apple’s Peter Distad, who was in Twerdahl’s new role until now, has moved to work on Apple’s content team with Eddie Cue. Twerdahl has heaps of relevant industry experience. His name appears as the boiler plate quote in press releases from Amazon, Netflix, Roku, and WIMM Labs (he was a director or VP at all of those firms). He has extensive product development experience, with stints at Tapwave, Motorola, and Palm on his CV. He is also named on numerous patents, mainly in connection with Palm. Think different While most reports have focused on his leadership role on Amazon’s Fire TV unit, it is interesting to reflect on his wider experience across a huge range of mobile connected devices. Beyond television, Twerdahl has extensive exposure in mobile, wearables, and more. For example, WIMM Labs developed wearable tech that was later acquired by Google. The solution shared some ideas with early Apple Watch design. "Screen size is getting smaller, yet access is more frequent," Twerdahl said. "Mobile form factors allow us to work anywhere, anytime, but we see a market that needs more streamlined, intuitive information delivery on the go." Television is a mobile product With the former head of the Apple TV product moving to dedicate more time to content acquisition, the company’s new hire also deepens the experience it can bring to bear on the sector. Amazon Fire TV is often described as that company’s best-selling device. Apple management blamed declining Apple TV sales for contributing to an 8 percent decline in “other” revenues category in the company’s last quarter. While it’s easy to pigeonhole Apple TV as a media consumption device, it can be much more than that. Apple TV already runs as a HomeKit hub, and it remains to be seen in what ways Apple can extend the use and versatility of the box. Tuning the channel It is easy to speculate on some ways in which Apple might extend adoption of the product: 4K content and a service to provide it Rolling the AirPort product range into Apple TV Extending and improving Siri support Introduction of Siri-powered products to compete with Amazon’s popular Echo smart speaker systems. Faster processors enabling more complex entertainment titles VR/AR experiences We already know Apple wants to secure deals to enable it to offer movies through iTunes at the same time as they debut in theaters, albeit at a hefty price. Peter Distad presumably is now attempting to secure such deals. The possibility of movie subscription services to compete with Netflix, Hulu, or Prime in 4K may also tempt some users. Further It is lamentable that possession of a short attention span and limited historical literacy are skills that now appear to be much in demand among some in high office, those with a little more concentration may want to think about Apple's adventures in television a little more deeply. Apple began working on television years before it introduced the first-generation Apple TV in 2007. The company's commitment to the medium hails to a previous Century. Way back in 1994 Apple developed the Apple Interactive Television Box, which was kind of an early forerunner of TiVo for a pre-Internet era. That solution never shipped. In 1993 the company introduced the Macintosh TV. More recently, QuickTime was arguably the first effective multimedia standard at a time when competing platforms could barely handle video at all, which is why it became part of MPEG-4/MP4 standards. With this in mind, when Apple CEO, Tim Cook, refers to Apple TV as a “platform” your ears should wriggle: “We started the new Apple TV a year ago, we’re pleased on how that platform has come along,” he said recently. “We have more things planned for it, but it’s come a long way in a year, and it gives us a clear platform to build off of.” Where else can Apple's connected television platform go? Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Home Tech Personal Technology Apple Amazon.com Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Remove DRM From iTunes Movies and TV Shows How Do Night Vision Cameras Work? What Is “Differential Privacy,” and How Does It Keep My Data Anonymous? How to Run Android on Your Computer Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek What Is “Differential Privacy,” and How Does It Keep My Data Anonymous? Apple is staking their reputation on ensuring the data it collects from you remains private. How? By using something called “Differential Privacy.” What Is Differential Privacy? Apple explains it as such: Apple is using Differential Privacy technology to help discover the usage patterns of a large number of users without compromising individual privacy. To obscure an individual’s identity, Differential Privacy adds mathematical noise to a small sample of the individual’s usage pattern. As more people share the same pattern, general patterns begin to emerge, which can inform and enhance the user experience. The philosophy behind Differential Privacy is this: any one user whose device, whether it’s an iPhone, iPad, or Mac, adds a computation to a larger pool of aggregate data (a big picture formed from varying smaller pictures), should not be revealed as the source, let alone what data they contributed. Apple isn’t the only company doing this, either—both Google and Microsoft were using it even earlier. But Apple popularized it by talking about it in detail at its 2016 WWDC keynote. So how is this different from other anonymized data, you ask? Well, anonymized data can still be used to deduce personal information if you know enough about a person. Let’s say a hacker can access an anonymized database that reveals a company’s payroll. Let’s say they also know that Employee X is relocating to another area. The hacker then could simply query the database before and after Employee X moves and easily deduce his income. In order to protect Employee X’s sensitive information, Differential Privacy alters the data with mathematical “noise” and other techniques such that if you query the database, you will only receive an approximation of how much (or anyone else) Employee X was paid. Therefore, his privacy is preserved due to the “difference” between the data supplied and the noise added to it, so it is then vague enough that it is virtually impossible to know whether that data you’re looking at is actually a particular individual’s. How Does Apple’s Differential Privacy Work? Differential Privacy is a relatively new concept, but the idea is that it can give a company keen insights based on data from its users, without knowing what exactly that data says or from whom it originates. Apple, for example, relies on three components to make its take on Differential Privacy work on your Mac or iOS device: hashing, subsampling, and noise injection. Hashing takes a string of text and turns it into a shorter value with a fixed length and mixes these keys up into irreversibly random strings of unique characters or “hash”. This obscures your data so the device isn’t storing any of it in its original form. Subsampling means that instead of collecting every word a person types, Apple will only use a smaller sample of them. For example, let’s say you have a long text conversation with a friend liberally using emoji. Instead of collecting that entire conversation, subsampling might instead use only the parts Apple is interested in, such as the emoji. Finally, your device injects noise, adding random data into the original dataset in order to make it more vague. This means that Apple gets a result that has been masked ever so slightly and therefore isn’t quite exact. All this happens on your device, so it has already been shortened, mixed up, sampled, and blurred before it is even sent to the cloud for for Apple to analyze. Where Is Apple’s Differential Privacy Used? There are a variety of cases where Apple might want to collect data to improve its apps and services. Right now though, Apple is only using Differential Privacy in four specific areas. When enough people replace a word with a particular emoji, it will become a suggestion for everyone. When new words are added to enough local dictionaries to be considered commonplace, Apple will add it to everyone else’s dictionary too. You can use a search term in Spotlight, and it will then provide app suggestions and open that link in said app or allow you to install it from the App Store. For example, say you search for “Star Trek”, which suggests the IMDB app. The more people open or install the IMDB app, the more it’s going to appear in everyone’s search results. It will provide more accurate results for Lookup Hints in Notes. For example, say you have a note with the word “apple” in it. You do a lookup search and it gives you results not only for the dictionary definition, but also Apple’s website, locations of Apple Stores, and so forth. Presumably, the more people tap on certain results, the higher and more often they’ll appear in the Lookup for everyone else. Let’s use emojis as an example. In iOS 10, Apple introduced a new emoji replacement feature on iMessage. Type the word “love,” and you can replace it with a heart emoji. type the word “dog,” and—you guessed it—you can replace it with a dog emoji. Similarly, it’s possible for your iPhone to predict what emoji you want such that, if you’re typing a message “I’m going to walk the dog” your iPhone will helpfully suggest the dog emoji. So, Apple takes all those little pieces of iMessage data it collects, examines them as a whole, and can deduce patterns from what people are typing and in what context. This means your iPhone can give you smarter choices because it benefits from all those text conversations others are creating and thinks, “this is probably the emoji you want.” It Takes a Village (of Emoji) The downside to Differential Privacy is that it doesn’t provide accurate results in small samples. It’s power lies in making specific data vague so it it cannot be attributed to any one user. In order for it to work and work well, many users must participate. It’s kind of like looking at a bitmapped photo up extremely close. You’re not going to be able to see what it is if you look at only a few bits, but as you step back and look at the whole thing, the picture becomes clearer and more defined, even if it isn’t super high resolution. Thus, in order to improve emoji replacement and prediction (among other things), Apple needs to collect iPhone and Mac data from around the world to give it an increasingly clearer picture of what people are doing and thus improve its apps and services. It turns to all this randomized, noisy, crowdsourced data, and mines it for patterns—such as how many users are using the peach emoji in place of “butt.” So, the power of Differential Privacy relies on Apple being able to examine large amounts of aggregate data, all the while ensuring that it is none the wiser about who is sending them that data. How to Opt Out of Differential Privacy in iOS and macOS If you’re still not convinced that Differential Privacy is right for you, though, you’re in luck. You can opt out right from your device’s settings. On your iOS device, tap open “Settings” and then “Privacy”. On the Privacy screen, tap “Diagnostics & Usage”. Finally, on the Diagnostics & Usage screen, tap “Don’t Send”. On macOS, open the System Preferences and click “Security & Privacy”. In the Security & Privacy preferences, click the “Privacy” tab and then make sure “Send diagnostic & usage data to Apple” is unchecked. Note that you will need to click the lock icon in the lower-left corner and enter your system password before you can make this change. Obviously, there’s a lot more to Differential Privacy, both in theory and application, than this simplified explanation. The meat and potatoes of it rely heavily on some serious mathematics and as such, it can get pretty weighty and complicated. Hopefully, however, this gives you an idea of how it works and that you feel more confident about companies collecting certain data without fear of being identified. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) February 8, 2017 Right now though, Apple is only using Differential Privacy in four specific areas. The problem that I see here and many other places (trending, search, news, etc) is that I'm subjected to the thinking of the masses. Topics like the Kardasians, TV shows and movies, basic tech information and so much more... do not align with my own interests. Overall, it has done little to improve services except as a massive data collection scheme. The ability to inject data into what these companies call "improving services" has already seen companies like Google, Facebook, Twitter and others use it as a means to censor information or manipulate people's worldview. These are far more serious and far-ranging issues. I'm glad that Apple has a privacy opt-out but it doesn't have an opt-out for receiving input which can later be manipulated to serve their own interests, political affiliations, interests of partners and so on. I mention this so that we don't continue with our blanket acceptance everytime new technologies are incorporated into our daily lives. I continue to see abuses of these technologies with no end in sight. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Matt Klein is an aspiring Florida beach bum, displaced honorary Texan, and died-in-wool Ohio State Buckeye, who fancies himself a nerd-of-all-trades. His favorite topics might include operating systems, BBQ, roller skating, and trying to figure out how to explain quantum computers. Published 02/8/17 DID YOU KNOW? Every February 14th, the village of Romeo, Michigan and the town of Juliette, Georgia offer special dual-city postmarks in nod to Shakespeare’s iconic work Romeo and Juliet. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to Set Up Your Own Home VPN Server What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? PUPs Explained: What is a “Potentially Unwanted Program”? Why Deleted Files Can Be Recovered, and How You Can Prevent It How to Disable the Alerts on Your Wii U’s GamePad 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows How to Manipulate Depth of Field to Take Better Photos Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Epix Finally Comes to Apple TV Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of Epix February 8, 2017 | 06:00AM PT Apple TV first debuted in 2007, and the Epix movie service launched in 2009. Now the two are coming together at long last. Starting Wednesday, Epix will be available on fourth-generation Apple TV set-tops to all subscribers of the premium movie service. New subscribers who sign up on Apple TV can gain access to a four-week free trial of the service; after the free trial expires, users must sign up for Epix through a pay-TV partner. It’s not clear why it took years for the parties to hammer out a deal. Epix has long touted its pioneering “TV Everywhere” strategy in the pay-TV biz, making its programming available on a range of internet devices. But until now the lineup has not included the Apple TV. “Apple has been a renowned leader in shaping the digital landscape and I’m proud to make our content available on Apple TV,” Mark Greenberg, Epix’s president and CEO, said in a prepared statement. Epix offers about 2,000 on-demand movies, including those from the Hunger Games, James Bond and Star Trek franchises, as well as original series “Berlin Station” and “Graves.” Other Epix programming includes documentaries like “America Divided” as well as music and comedy events featuring the likes of Katy Perry, Louis CK and Wanda Sykes. On Apple TV, subscribers will be able to watch the full multiplex of Epix live channels, add content to a personal queue, and watch free select programming and movie trailers. Epix has already had an app for Apple’s iPhone and iPad, which also offers access offline viewing with Epix’s download feature, 3D Touch support, and picture-in-picture integration. Epix also is available on TV through participating providers and on the web, Amazon Fire Tablets, Android phones and tablets, Google’s Chromecast, Sony’s PlayStation 4, Roku players and TVs, Android TVs, TiVos and Microsoft Xbox One. Epix was formed as a joint venture between Viacom, Lionsgate and MGM. Lionsgate is in talks to sell its 31% stake in Epix to MGM and Viacom, following Lionsgate’s acquisition of Starz. Filed Under: Apple Tv Epix Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Film 11:07PM PT Russian Cinema Looks Beyond Borders for Greater Traction 2 Film 11:00PM PT Berlinale: Well Go USA Takes North American Rights to Russian Epic ‘Furious’ (EXCLUSIVE) 3 Film 10:00PM PT Berlinale: First Image For Dev Patel’s ‘Hotel Mumbai’ 4 Film 9:11PM PT Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert Help Spread the Word for Oscar Nommed ‘Joe’s Violin’ 5 Film 6:22PM PT ‘The Batman’ Finds New Director in Matt Reeves Oscars: Justin Timberlake, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Sting, John Legend to Perform Oscar Winner Patrick Osborne Returns With First-Ever VR Nominee ‘Pearl’ ‘Arrival,’ ‘La La Land’ Among Film Music Critics Nominees Harvey Weinstein Taps Trump’s Travel Ban for New ‘Lion’ Oscar Messaging Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get 2 For 1 Tickets to See Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie 'Lego Batman' Hooks $55M+, 'Fifty Shades' Rachets Up $45M+… Kylie Jenner Sizzles in New Chain-Link Dress With Sofia Richie… Reign Returns, Deadlier Than Ever: Grade the Final Season… Activision admits taking 'Call of Duty' to space was a bad idea Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple hires Amazon’s Fire TV boss as Apple TV leader – Computerworld Posted on February 8, 2017 by Computerworld Apple has hired former head of Amazon’s Fire TV unit, Tim Twerdahl, who becomes a vice president at the firm, allegedly with responsibility for Apple TV product marketing. Extensive experience. He will report to Apple’s VP iOS, iPad and iPhone product … Apple hires new Apple TV VP to Strengthen, Focus and Accelerate new Content and ServicesPatently Apple Apple hires former head of Amazon’s Fire TV unit to lead Apple TV operationsAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple hires former Amazon Fire TV chief, Netflix exec to head Apple TV business9 to 5 Mac Mac Rumors -Ars Technica -Bloomberg -International Business Times all 29 news articles …read more wrote 26466 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Google’s secret, billion-dollar Magic Leap prototype leaked – Deccan Chronicle Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality’s Potential (Again) – Nasdaq Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves – Mobile & Apps Leaks Reveal Note 7 Debacle Has Made Galaxy S8 Worse – Tech Times Steam Direct is better than Greenlight, but the size of its fee will make or break it – PC Gamer Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Tech Mobile Play Web & Social Cars Science Reviews Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Web & Social Viral Review Auto Gadgets Deals Science Roundup Exclusive Featured Guide Interview Video Wearable Tech Netflix Podcast Preview Opinion COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Apple’s Latest Invention is a Vaporizer Apple recently was awarded a patent for a vaporizer. Details are still very scarce but they could be considering an entry into the electronic cigarette world. by Rob Clay • February 8, 2017 February 8, 2017 in Apple If you thought that Apple was only interested in cars, TVs, computers, smartwatches and smartphones, think again. According to the latest news from the US Patents and Trademarks Office, the company now has the patent to develop a high-tech vaporizer. Details are still very scarce, but according to the Patents and Trademarks Office, the invention will help improve efficiency. It is unique in that it uses Apple technology to create a consistent rate of vaporization. Maybe this is the company’s response to the recent criticism on the company’s innovativeness. ADVERTISEMENT The result is that more liquid gets vaporized and the design ensures that very little of the resulting vapor is lost due to cooling. This means more efficiency because users will be able to get more vapor out of the device. We don’t yet know what they intend to use this vaporizer for, and the information from the Patents and Trademarks office doesn’t say. However, considering the increase in popularity of electronic cigarettes, many people are speculating that this could be what Apple is eyeing. This is not the first link between Apple and the vaping industry. Digital Trends reported that in 2012, Mark Williams, an Apple developer who worked on MacOS left the company to start a new vaporizer company. The result of this move was something phenomenal. Williams joined Sasha Robinson who had previously worked for Juniper Networks and they came up with the company behind Firefly2. Firefly2 is a high-end vaporizer aimed at giving its users the ultimate vaping experience. This vaporizer heats air in the chamber using convection to about 400 degrees. The result is smoother vapor that tastes better than what’s produced by most entry level vaporizers. However, Firefly2 is not an entry level vaporizer so you will have to dig deeper into your pocket if you want to own one. With a price tag of $329, the expectations are pretty high from this vaporizer. However, it lives up to the expectation. In their review, Newsweek calls it the iPhone of Vaporizers and Gizmodo calls it the best overall vaporizer of 2016. The Social Underground caps it all by saying that if James Bond vaped, he would have a Firefly2. With an Apple product in the picture, it’s interesting to see the effect on existing products in the market. Apple generally tends to lean towards the high-end market with their products so we can’t wait to see if they will be able to offer something better than what is already in the Firefly2. This is if they decide to go the electronic cigarette way. So will we be seeing an iVaporizer product release soon? Your guess is as good as mine. However, should Apple decide to do it, it is certainly going to cause some ripples in the vaping world. VIA: DigitalTrends Share Tweet Rob Clay All Rob's Posts Comments Be The First to Comment Latest Posts Apple Apple’s Indian Facility Is A Reality Now – Bangalore To Play Host Luke Joye • February 7, 2017 Apple iPhone 8 Will Have Wraparound OLED, Facial Recognition and More Sarah • January 22, 2017 Apple Apple Mesa, Arizona – Apple’s ‘Made In America’ Credentials Get A Boost Luke Joye • January 13, 2017 Apple Apple’s Carplay Now Supports 200 Cars Sam Mitchell • December 29, 2016 Apple Download “Yalu iOS 10.1.1 Jailbreak” For 64-Bit iOS 10 Devices Sarah • December 27, 2016 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter Higher cost of goods sold coupled with fast operating expense growth offset better revenue. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Feb 8, 2017 at 7:41AM Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most recent quarter was quite good, with the company delivering revenue and earnings per share ahead of expectations, thanks in no small part to better-than-expected iPhone revenue. Nevertheless, despite the better-than-anticipated financial performance, the company's operating income dropped from $24.17 billion to $23.35 billion. Net income declined from $18.36 billion in the year prior to $17.89 billion. Apple's iPhone coupled with AirPods. Image source: Apple. Apple is still raking in a lot of cash -- most companies could only dream of generating roughly $18 billion in annual net income, let alone bringing in that much in a single quarter -- but investors should pay attention when profit declines. Let's go over the key factors that drove Apple's operating and net income figures down year over year, even as the company achieved record quarterly revenue. Lower gross profit margin Apple saw its gross profit drop from $30.42 billion in the prior-year period to $30.18 billion in the company's most recent period. Although the company's revenue was up year over year, cost of sales grew at a faster pace than revenue did, resulting in a decline in gross profit margin. Apple did note on its most recent earnings call that in the prior-year period, Apple's revenue "included the benefit of a one-off $548 million patent infringement payment." Though not a substantial part of Apple's $75 billion-plus in revenue in that quarter, CFO Luca Maestri did say that this payment boosted gross margin in the year-ago quarter by 40 basis points, or 0.4%. The gross-margin story isn't the only thing that drove Apple's profits slightly lower year over year, though. Higher operating expenses Gross profit margin is an important part of overall profitability, but a company's operating expenses -- which include product development costs as well as sales and marketing costs -- are also key determinants of a company's profitability. Though Apple only increased its sales, general, and administrative expenses by just shy of $100 million year over year, its research and development spending surged to $2.87 billion -- up more than $400 million from the roughly $2.4 billion the company spent in the prior-year period. Apple's operating expenses grew 9% from $6.25 billion in the prior-year period to $6.82 billion in the most recent quarter. Since operating-expense growth was greater than revenue growth, which was approximately 3.3%, operating expenses became a larger part of the company's revenue and thus negatively affected operating profit margin. What does this mean for Apple investors? The key headwinds to Apple's operating profit right now seem to be the company's continued increases in research and development, coupled with slow revenue growth. It's probably not a good idea for the company to let up on its research and development investments, as the investments made today are what allow the company to have a chance of bringing compelling new products to market tomorrow, potentially driving revenue and profit increases over the long term. In the near to medium term, Apple's best bet of returning to consistent operating profit growth is likely to be from faster revenue growth. Hopes seem to be high that Apple's next-generation iPhone models will drive a so-called "super cycle" such as what the company enjoyed with the iPhone 6-series of products beginning in late 2014. If that comes to pass, Apple could see significant year-over-year revenue growth in the first quarter of its coming fiscal year. Looking out longer term, though, it's hard to predict if and how the company will deliver sustainable profit growth. Can the company's core product categories do it? Or will the company need to enter or create new product categories beyond the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and services to support such growth? These are questions that will only be answered in time.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 7:41AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Read More Apple Inc.'s Mac Is Back on Track Apple's China Business Is Bouncing Back No, Google's Brand Is Not More Valuable Than Apple's The iPhone is Growing Again -- Here's How Despite Generous Capital Returns, Apple Inc. Still Has More Cash Than Ever Before Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Apple Inc.'s Profit Dropped Last Quarter @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft: Windows 10 is the 'most secure' version of Windows, touts security enhancements 1 hour ago Prince's discography returning to other streaming services once again 6 hours ago Interview: A lively chat with Microsoft's Dona Sarkar, chief of the Windows Insider Program 6 hours ago Activision confirms Destiny sequel for 2017 9 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft: Windows 10 is the 'most secure' version of Windows, touts security enhancements 1 hour ago Interview: A lively chat with Microsoft's Dona Sarkar, chief of the Windows Insider Program 6 hours ago PlayStation 4 takes the cake yet again while Xbox One witnesses "strongest January ever" 9 hours ago Built-in Beam streaming is now live for Xbox Insider Program Alpha members 11 hours ago View all Microsoft news T-Mobile to update the Galaxy S4 and Tab S3 with Google's February security patch 10 hours ago Telegram arrives on Android Wear 2.0 14 hours ago HTC announces 7 Days of Sappiness, with deals on the One A9, One M9, 10, and more 15 hours ago A new Office for Android Insider Preview build is available - here's what's new Feb 9, 2017 View all Google news The iPhone 8 could cost over $1000 Feb 9, 2017 Apple hires Amazon executive to rescue the Apple TV Feb 8, 2017 Kantar: iOS sales rise in key markets; Android solidifies global lead; Windows phone falls Feb 8, 2017 Apple seeds iOS 10.3 beta 2 to Public Beta testers Feb 7, 2017 View all Apple news RollBack Rx Home 10.5 Feb 10, 2017 Condusiv's SSDkeeper extends SSDs lifespan, keeps Windows PCs running like new Feb 9, 2017 Pale Moon 27.1.0 Feb 9, 2017 Skype 7.32.0.104 Feb 9, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 Review: A trio of Olixar cases for your Huawei Mate 9 that range from thin to beefy Feb 6, 2017 iDeaUSA V201 review: Noise-cancelling headphones that don't quite excel Feb 3, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Kodi is coming back to the Xbox as a UWP app Feb 8, 2017 BlackBerry will show off its new premium Android phone with QWERTY keyboard on February 25 17 hours ago Hyperkin releases 'RetroN 5' 3-in-1 Adapter expanding game format compatibility Feb 10, 2017 Built-in Beam streaming is now live for Xbox Insider Program Alpha members 11 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get this ITIL Foundations Training Bundle for just $29 via Neowin Deals Feb 9, 2017 Get this Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification course Bundle for just $59 Feb 8, 2017 Get this Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle for just $35 via Neowin Deals Feb 7, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Kantar: iOS sales rise in key markets; Android solidifies global lead; Windows phone falls By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Feb 8, 2017 with 8 comments Independent market analysis firm Kantar Worldpanel has published its latest monthly data for sales in several key smartphone markets around the world, including the US, China, and the EU5 - the top five European Union markets of Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy and Spain. The latest data, for the three months ending in December 2016, shows considerable growth for iOS in many of these key markets, although strong competition from Android in China continues to pose challenges for Apple devices there. Android grew in numerous markets - and by a sizeable amount in some countries - but unsurprisingly, Windows' share of smartphone sales continued to drop around the world. Let's take a closer look at the latest Kantar data for some of those key markets. Android sales market share dropped significantly year-over-year (YoY) in the United States, falling from 59.1% in the three months ending in December 2015, down to 54.4% a year later. The big winner there was iOS, which increased its share by 5.3 percentage points (pp), rising to 44.4% of sales. "iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were the top sellers for the holiday period, netting their highest share since their release in mid-September, and representing 28% of smartphones sold in the fourth quarter," Kantar's Lauren Guenveur explained. "Despite the expected fallout from Samsung’s problems with the Galaxy Note 7, the company maintained a share of 28.5%, down only 0.9% from one year earlier. Samsung’s Galaxy S7 flagship device, announced at Mobile World Congress 2016, was the third best-selling phone in the fourth quarter." Windows phone sales halved YoY from 1.6% to just 0.8%, as Microsoft's Lumia range approached the end of its retail life, with few alternative Windows 10 Mobile devices to choose from among the company's hardware partners. Windows suffered a far more devastating YoY loss in Great Britain, one of the mobile platform's more successful markets, where its sales market share collapsed from 9.2% to 1.7%. But Microsoft's loss proved to be Apple's gain, as iPhone sales share soared by a whopping 9pp, rising from 38.6% to 47.6% YoY (although it dipped slightly compared with last month, when it was at 48.3%). "Apple achieved its highest loyalty ever in Britain, with 96% of those Apple owners who replaced their phones buying another iPhone," said Dominic Sunnebo, Business Unit Director for Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Europe. "More than 50% of iPhone 7 buyers were upgrading from iPhone 6 as the brand’s lifecycle continues to hover around 24 months." Apple and top Android vendor Samsung together accounted for 73% of British smartphone sales during the quarter. Android saw a slight YoY decline, as other manufacturers saw the popularity of their devices rise and fall. "Brands like OnePlus, Alcatel, and Google experienced an increase from the prior year, while big names like Sony, LG, and HTC declined," Sunnebo explained. In France, Android sales share rose by a healthy 2.3pp YoY, up from 69.9% to 72.2%, but iPhone sales increased by a greater proportion of 3.9pp, growing to 24.4%. Windows sales market share dropped from 8.7% to 3.3% during the same period. Germany was one of the few markets where Windows phone sales reached double-digit market share - but those days are long gone. Its share now stands at 2.5%, falling from 6.4% YoY. Android strengthened its commanding lead in Germany, growing from 72.6% to 75.6%, while iOS saw modest YoY growth of 1.4pp, up to 21.6%. Android's domination of the Spanish smartphone market remains unassailable for now, growing to a remarkable 87.2% share. iOS held its ground at just over 12%, but Windows' sales market share fell by two-thirds YoY, decreasing to just 0.5%. Over in Brazil, Android's share is even more astonishing. During the fourth quarter of 2015, its sales market share was 91.8%; it rose by a further 1.9pp to an incredible 93.7% by the end of 2016. While Windows' share fell from 5.1% to 1.9%, iOS rose from 2.8% to 4.1% YoY. In China, Android surged in popularity, growing its sales market share by 9.3pp YoY, increasing to 80.7%. Much of that growth came at the expense of iOS, which plummeted from 27.1% to 19.1% by the end of 2016. "iPhone 7 remained the top-selling model in the Chinese market in the last quarter of 2016 at 6.8%. However, its share was smaller than last year’s iPhone 6s, which represented 10.5% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2015," Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight director at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Asia, explained. "Looking at the broader market, there was a shift in popularity. The Top 10 list of smartphone models sold in Urban China in 2015 consisted of just three manufacturers Apple, Huawei, and Xiaomi. In 2016, a fourth vendor was added to that list – Oppo." Windows smartphone sales have never been particularly voluminous in China, peaking at 4.5% market share in September 2012. By the end of last quarter, they had fallen to just 0.1%. You can check out the smartphone sales market share over time for these markets, and others, with the interactive Kantar Worldpanel ComTech visualization tool. Editor's note: This article was edited shortly after publishing to correct references to 'the UK', which should have referred to 'Great Britain'. Tags Kantar Kantar worldpanel Kantar worldpanel comtech Microsoft Windows phone Windows 10 mobile Apple Ios Iphone 7 Iphone 7 plus Iphone Google Android Samsung Galaxy s7 Eu5 Us United states Uk United kingdom France Germany Spain Brazil China Smartphones Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Porn site Brazzers has been banned in Russia for 'damaging the human psyche' Next Story Android usage: Almost six months after its release, Nougat is now on just 1.2% of devices Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Pale Moon 27.1.0 in Front Page News BlackBerry will show off its new premium Android phone with QWERTY keyboard on February 25 in Front Page News Condusiv's SSDkeeper extends SSDs lifespan, keeps Windows PCs running like new in Front Page News SpaceX Falcon Heavy (updates & maiden flight) in Science Discussion & News Microsoft: Windows 10 is the 'most secure' version of Windows, touts security enhancements in Front Page News Falcon 9: Dragon CRS-10 ISS resupply in Science Discussion & News Activision confirms Destiny sequel for 2017 in Front Page News SpaceX Updates (Thread 8) in Science Discussion & News Trending Stories Kodi is coming back to the Xbox as a UWP app Feb 8, 2017 with 20 comments BlackBerry will show off its new premium Android phone with QWERTY keyboard on February 25 17 hours ago with 23 comments Hyperkin releases 'RetroN 5' 3-in-1 Adapter expanding game format compatibility Feb 10, 2017 with 4 comments Built-in Beam streaming is now live for Xbox Insider Program Alpha members 11 hours ago with 0 comments Related Stories Microsoft is offering big discounts on its Surface Books in US, UK, France and other markets Jan 26, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Kantar: iOS and Android gain in key markets "due to the decline of Windows" phone sales Jan 11, 2017 7 Days: A week of Microsoft's new AI, Windows 10 on ARM, and Lonely Nights Dec 11, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Apple Apple Watch sales dominate global smartwatch market share - estimated 12m shipped in 2016 Sales estimates put Apple leagues ahead of closest rivals Fitbit and Samsung in wearables market. By Oliver Cragg February 8, 2017 13:04 GMT Apple debuted the Apple Watch Series 2 in September 2016Reuters A new research report has suggested that the Apple Watch constitutes just under half of the global smartwatch market share, with just under 12 million of Apple's wearable shipped in 2016. The Watch's dominance was reportedly heavily influenced by Apple's impressive fourth quarter in which 6 million smartwatches were shipped, totalling roughly $2.6bn (£2.1bn) in revenue. The Watch's reign at the top of the smartwatch kingdom is fairly undisputed, but with official sales and revenue numbers kept behind closed doors in Cupertino, California, quantifying its lead over rival devices has proved tricky. The report from analytics firm Canalys sheds some light on the state of the smartwatch market, however, suggesting that the Apple Watch accounted for a whopping 80% of total smartwatch revenue during its killer first quarter for 2017. The 6 million Apple wearables sold also represents a notable jump from the 1.1 million estimated to have shipped in Q3 - a figure that prompted some to sound a premature death knell on the Watch experiment. The outlook appears somewhat bleak for rival smartwatch makers considering the estimated figures for the entire year. Fitbit, which recently announced job cuts, takes second place in the market with a 17% share, while Samsung came in third with 15% - a total that could expand in 2017 following the Q4 2016 release of the Gear S3 Classic and Frontier. According to Canalys' data, Apple Watch shipments increased by 12% increase year on year when compared to Q4 2016, with the introduction of the lower price Series 1 (which retails for £269 in the UK) attributed as a key factor in the sales boost. While it remains to be seen if Samsung's Gear offerings can eat into Apple's significant lead, it will certainly be interesting to see if the upcoming rebirth of Android Wear has an impact on the smartwatch market. LG and Huawei are among those expected to debut new wearables with version 2.0 of Google's smartwatch OS at Mobile World Congress 2017. More from IBTimes UK LG Watch Sport and Watch Style accidentally revealed ahead of Android Wear 2.0 release What is Android Wear 2.0 and when is the release date? Will the Apple Watch 3 be modular? Patent hints at swappable components for high-tech timepiece Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Four top tips for avoiding fake news Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Where will the next Call of Duty be set in 2017? Our top picks include World War 2, Vietnam and Iraq As Activision promises CoD will "return to its roots", we speculate... Best gadget deals of the week: Samsung Gear 3, 4K TVs and Amazon Fire Tablet More savings on tech, which this week includes smartwatches, fitness... Every new McLaren car will be hybrid-electric by 2025 Woking supercar maker joins Ferrari with plans to electrify entire... Is the Trump administration using a self-destructing phone app to prevent data leaks? Use of encrypted Confide app may prevent someone being the next John... Mission possible: Self-destructing phones are now a reality This story will self-destruct in 10 seconds. If Destiny 2 is delayed until 2018, Activision acquires a 'hefty chunk' of Bungie shares Good thing it probably will release in 2017 then. Apple accused of storing your 'deleted' browsing history records for over a year Elcomsoft could extract records previously assumed banished to the... Obama's White House photographer Pete Souza throws shade at Trump on Instagram Pete Souza has alluded to some of the controversies and reports... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple hires new Apple TV VP to Strengthen, Focus and Accelerate new Content and Services | Main | Japanese Prime Minister Prepares to Meet with Trump and Announce a Plan for 700,000 U.S. Jobs led by Sharp » February 08, 2017 Apple's WebKit Team Proposes 3D Graphics for the Web   Yesterday Apple's WebKit team proposed a new Community Group at the W3C to discuss the future of 3D graphics on the Web, and to develop a standard API that exposes modern GPU features including low-level graphics and general purpose computation.   Apple further noted that "The success of the web platform requires defining a common standard that allows for multiple implementations, but here we have several graphics APIs that have nuanced architectural differences. In order to expose a modern, low-level technology that can accelerate graphics and computation, we need to design an API that can be implemented on top of many systems, including those mentioned above. With a broader landscape of graphics technologies, following one specific API like OpenGL is no longer possible.   Instead we need to evaluate and design a new web standard that provides a core set of required features, an API that can be implemented on a mix of platforms with different system graphics technologies, and the security and safety required to be exposed to the Web.   We also need to consider how GPUs can be used outside of the context of graphics and how the new standard can work in concert with other web technologies. The standard should expose the general-purpose computational functionality of modern GPUs. Its design should fit with established patterns of the Web, to make it easy for developers to adopt the technology. It needs to be able to work well with other critical emerging web standards like WebAssembly and WebVR. And most importantly, the standard should be developed in the open, allowing both industry experts and the broader web community to participate".   Lastly, Apple's Dean Jackson noted in his blog entry that "Apple's WebKit team has proposed establishing a W3C Community Group for 'GPU on the Web' to be the forum for this work, and today you are invited to join us in defining the next standard for GPUs. Our proposal has been received positively by our colleagues at other browser engines, GPU vendors, and framework developers. With support from the industry, we invite all with an interest or expertise in this area to join the Community Group."    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 08, 2017 at 05:35 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: After five years, the Apple v. Samsung case goes back to where it all began Newsby Scott Adam Gordon3 days ago 17 1420 13 The Apple v. Samsung Electronics trial is returning to where it all began: the Northern District Court of California. After five years going through the legal system — and reaching the highest powers of the US late last year — a federal appeals court has handed the trial back to the lower San Jose court for it to decide whether additional proceedings are necessary. The case concerns Samsung’s patent infringement on Apple’s iPhone designs and how much it should pay in damages for the offence. Apple claims Samsung copied physical aspects of its phones – like rounded corners, and software features – such as representing apps as a grid of icons. The trial has been ongoing since 2012, during which time Samsung has agreed to pay more than half a billion dollars to Apple. The case reached the Supreme Court towards the end of 2016 and Samsung scored a victory when it was decided that the infringement could only be applied to device components, rather than the entire device itself (thus, Samsung’s wouldn’t be penalized based on the value of the whole unit but only specific parts). The Supreme Court didn’t provide any council on how the final damages should be tallied, though, and now the case is back with the lower court to decide if there will be a damages retrial. See also: Samsung acquires home monitoring software company Perch 7 days ago While half a billion dollars doesn’t seem like that much for Samsung Electronics to pay, especially since its actions have secured its position one of the world’s largest smartphone manufacturers for many years (its patent infringement might have made a lot of sense, business-wise), I still think it’s a harsh penalty given the scope of handheld communication devices. I mean, there’s only so many ways you can make rectangular touchscreen phone, right? That’s my take, what’s yours? Let me know in the comments. News Samsung, Apple, Apple vs Samsung Apple, Apple vs Samsung, Samsung  CAFC  CNET Scott Adam Gordon Scott Adam Gordon is a European correspondent for Android Authority. Originally from the UK, Scott has been tinkering with Android phones since 2011 and writing about them full-time since 2014. He now lives in Berlin with three roommates he never sees. Befriend him on Twitter and Google+ at the links. Show 17 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago58 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Leaked logo suggests the larger Samsung Galaxy S8 will be dubbed S8+ 6 hours ago Have fun and join the Google Home block party events in LA and NYC 8 hours ago 10 best apps for hookups and getting laid 10 hours ago Google Play Services rolling out Instant Tethering mobile hotspot feature 10 hours ago Sprint deals – Sprint offering its $90 a month unlimited plan for up to... 10 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Entertainment Entertainment News Apple Hires Amazon TV Head to Reportedly Lead Its TV Division  Ketan Pratap, 08 February 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Timothy D. Twerdahl has been hired as VP of Apple TV Marketing He was earlier with Amazon, and had also worked in Netflix Twerdahl will replace Pete Distad Apple, in an attempt to shift focus of its Apple TV business, has hired Timothy D. Twerdahl, who was the former head of Amazon's Fire TV business. According to a Bloomberg report, Twerdahl will replace Pete Distad who was responsible for the Apple TV business, and will be reporting to Greg Joswiak, Vice President in charge of marketing for the iPhone. The report citing a person familiar with the matter adds that Twerdahl will take over as the Vice President of Apple TV Marketing. It adds that the move suggests a renewed focus on the Apple TV business with an intention to provide more content for the device. Twerdahl is believed to be working on expanding video content as well as work on more devices for the living room. An Apple spokesman confirmed to Bloomberg that Timothy D. Twerdahl joined Apple this month. According to his LinkedIn profile, he was formerly General Manager and Director of Amazon's Fire TV Business since 2013. Notably, Twerdahl earlier worked with Netflix and prior to it, he was the Vice President of Consumer Devices at Roku, a streaming player. With Twerdahl's hiring, Distad has been reportedly shifted to "help lead Apple's content deal efforts" under Eddy Cue. Last year, Apple was reported to cut the amount it charges from video streaming services in half on the App Store, a move said to be in-sync with the company's upcoming TV app plans. Apple's fourth-generation Apple TV came with innards similar to iPhone 6, and the device can convert any non-smart TV into a smart one. Apple has been steadily improving its tvOS, the software that powers the device. Tags: Apple, Apple TV, Amazon Ketan Pratap Email Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More Reliance Jio vs Airtel: Will Continue to Monitor Points of Interconnect Issue, Says TRAI Apple Hires Amazon TV Head to Reportedly Lead Its TV Division MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Zen Cinemax 4G Intex Aqua 4.0 Intex Aqua Supreme+ Intex Aqua Crystal Gionee F5 Lava 4G Connect M1 Huawei Honor 8 Lite Intex Aqua Amaze+ Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZTE Blade A2 Plus Swipe Elite Power Lava X41+ Intex Cloud Q11 4G Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye Popular Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi व्हाट्सऐप की सिक्योरिटी के लिए आया अहम फ़ीचर, ऐसे करें एक्टिव दिल्ली में उबर या ओला बुक करने में हो रही है परेशानी, वजह जानें 6 जीबी रैम वाला सैमसंग गैलेक्सी सी9 प्रो प्री-ऑर्डर के लिए उपलब्ध Latest Videos 02:03 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Up for Pre-Orders, WhatsApp's New Feature, and More 02:20 Asus ZenBook 3 UX390UA Review 01:35 How to Enable or Disable Two-Step Verification on WhatsApp 03:50 Art, Innovation, and Tech 03:25 5 Amazing iPhone Features Missing in Android Phones More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Akhil Arora How Netflix Is Losing Ground to Amazon and Hotstar in India Gopal Sathe Cloud Kitchens Take the Risk Out of Trying New Places - and the Reward Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Advertisement Recent Steam Direct to Replace Steam Greenlight: Valve Facebook Testing 'Explore' Tab on Android, May Help Boost Engagement Moto G5 Plus Spotted in New Leaked Live Image Showing Metal Body Beware of These Malicious Attacks on Your Mac Devices Here Are the 12 Finalists of the Moto Mods Development Challenge BHIM App Registration Has Crossed 14 Million, Says IT Minister Chrome OS 56 Released; Brings Material Design Changes, Bug Fixes, More Scientists Discover White Dwarf Star With 'Ingredients for Life' Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 to Be Launched on March 7 Google Assistant on Pixel Can Now Control Smart Home Devices More News TRENDING Ten Years On, Is Flipkart's Culture Due for an Overhaul? WhatsApp Now Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to All Its Users WhatsApp Improves Security, Galaxy C9 Pro in India & More: Your 360 Daily Controversy Behind Infosys CEO's Rs. 73-Crore Salary Explained How UPS Trucks Saved Million of Dollars by Eliminating Left Turns The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 15,000 Nokia P1 Rumour Roundup: Price, Specifications, and More Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro India Pre-Orders Now Open Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review iPhone 8 Tipped to Sport Wireless Charging, New 3D Touch Module Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Behind the Scenes, Dr. Dre Plays a Key Role at Apple | Main | Apple's WebKit Team Proposes 3D Graphics for the Web » February 08, 2017 Apple hires new Apple TV VP to Strengthen, Focus and Accelerate new Content and Services   Yesterday Apple was granted a key patent for Apple TV as it relates to TV channels working on an Apple device. In 2016 Apple filed some interesting patents covering matters such as FaceTime on Apple TV, Siri controlling home stereos and Apple Music, a TV Listing app/feature and support for TV time-shifting and live-TV events. In January we learned that original movies and TV series could be coming to Apple's TV subscription service that may be a part of Apple Music subscription. Now we're learning that Apple has just hired the former head of Amazon's Fire TV unit, Timothy Twerdahl. The new Apple TV VP will reportedly be in charge of Apple TV product marketing. The former executive in that spot is being promoted to being Apple TV's top negotiator to media content deals, reports Bloomberg.   The report further notes that "Twerdahl joined Apple this month. He had been general manager and director of Amazon's Fire TV business since 2013, according to his LinkedIn profile. At Apple, Twerdahl reports to Greg Joswiak, a vice president in charge of marketing for the iPhone, according to a person familiar with the matter.   Apple TV as a subscription service will fall into the Services category that Apple's CEO has been talking up at the last few financian conference calls. The latest was held on January 31. Cook stated the following:   "It was our best quarter ever for services with almost 7.2 billion dollars in revenue. App store customers broke all-time records during the holiday quarter including $3 billion dollars in purchases in December alone, making it the App Stores single best month ever. Our innovative and vibrant developer community has created over 2.2 million apps for doing almost anything that you could imagine. Apple's developer community has now earned over $60 billion dollars including over $20 billion in 2016 alone.   Revenue from our music business grew for the third quarter in a row and our Apple Care and iCloud storage services have all-time record results.   Services are becoming a larger part of our business and we expect the revenues to be the size of a Fortune 100 company this year. Our service offerings are now driving over 150 million paid customer subscriptions. This includes our own services and third party content that we offer on our stores.   We feel great about this momentum and our goal is double the size of our services business in the next four years."   That goal to double Apple's Services revenue will be driven by Apple's move into delivering more original TV series, movies and live events. Apple knows first hand how Netflix is doing on Apple TV and that provides them with statistics that they could build on to make a forecast of doubling services revenue over the next four years.   Twerdahl comes to Apple with significant experience in internet-connected TV devices. Prior to his tenure at Amazon, he was an executive at Netflix Inc. and later a vice president in charge of consumer devices at Roku, a streaming video box developer. Twerdahl's experience could bolster Apple's efforts in video content and living room devices at a time when the company is looking for new categories of revenue to augment iPhone and iPad sales.   The key to Apple TV content being driven to Apple's iDevices will be driven by the coming 5G networks now under development in the U.S. Verizon begins field testing this year. The C/Net report noted that Carriers will also be able to send more data across a fatter pipe, so a hit TV show like HBO's "Game of Thrones" will stream just fine even if millions of other people are watching too." The next-gen 5G networks will also support what Cook talked to ABC news about last year in regards to the benefits of Augmented Reality which can't be executing on today's 4G networks.   For now, the focus is on advancing Apple TV and slowly bringing new content types to Apple Music and Apple's new hire is just another piece of the growing team that will get this project off the back burner and into our homes later this year if all pans out.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 08, 2017 at 05:03 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech News Samsung Galaxy S8 latest: New AI assistant Bixby to speak eight languages That pushes it in front of Google's virtual helper but leaves it trailing behind Apple's Siri Aatif Sulleyman Wednesday 8 February 2017 11:56 GMT Click to follow The Independent Tech Bixby is expected to be capable of recognising text and real-world objects through the Galaxy S8’s camera REUTERS/Albert Gea New details about Bixby, the Samsung Galaxy S8’s AI assistant, have emerged ahead of the phone’s unveiling next month. The virtual helper will support up to eight languages at launch, including English, Korean and Chinese, according to SamMobile. That pushes it out in front of Google Assistant, which supports English and German on the Pixel phone, as well as Hindi, Japanese and Portuguese through the controversial Allo messaging app.  However, both trail some way behind Apple’s Siri, which supports over 20 different languages. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 44 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 2/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/44 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/44 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/44 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/44 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/44 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/44 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/44 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/44 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/44 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/44 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/44 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/44 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/44 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/44 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/44 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/44 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/44 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 24/44 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 25/44 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/44 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/44 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/44 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/44 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/44 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/44 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/44 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/44 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/44 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/44 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 36/44 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 37/44 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/44 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/44 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/44 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/44 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/44 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/44 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 44/44 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital Bixby, which is yet to be announced, is expected to be capable of recognising real-world objects through the Galaxy S8’s camera and tracking them down online, allowing users to make quick purchases. It’s also said to be able to use optical character recognition to process any text within the phone’s camera frame, presumably to help users translate phrases and save time while copying and pasting information. Read more Samsung Galaxy S8 could double up as a desktop computer Samsung will not launch its new flagship at Mobile World Congress later this month, as many of its main smartphone rivals plan to, because of the fallout surrounding the disastrous Galaxy Note 7. Instead, the South Korean company is set to unveil the Galaxy S8 towards the end of March, ahead of a late April release. However, it recently released the Samsung Galaxy A5, a gorgeous, waterproof handset that costs less than £400. More about: Samsung samsung galaxy s8 Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
WRITE FOR US! WRITE FOR US! News Reviews Features Apps Games Tip Us AWARDS News Reviews Features Apps Games Tip Us AWARDS SteelSeries Nimbus Review By Thomas Wellburn on 11:40, 8 Feb 2017 in Accessories, Latest The SteelSeries Nimbus is a solid gaming controller for Apple devices  which is well designed and comfortable to hold, though it does suffer from some strange button mapping issues. Product Type: Gaming Controller Manufacturer: SteelSeries Price: £55 Where to buy: Amazon.co.uk As far as mobile gaming controllers go, there’s really only a few names that are worth taking a look at. Steelseries is one such brand with a solid reputation behind them. We recently reviewed the Stratus XL and gave it a glowing four star review; now we have an Apple version to complement it. The Nimbus is Steelseries answer to a quality Apple controller, be it for Apple TV or even the iPad. Available at the Apple Store, it’s already got certification from the big shots themselves. The geniuses will probably even tell you to buy one. In terms of design, it looks much the like the Stratus XL, which also looked pretty much identical to an Xbox One controller. That’s not to say it’s a bad thing, as the Xbox controllers have long been some of the most comfortable around. They fit snug in the hand and have a pretty natural grip. Build quality is okay and while the plastics are not quite as premium as something found on a console, it’s still a level above the typical mobile gamepad. On the face of the SteelSeries Nimbus, you’re once again treated to the same layout as we saw on the Stratus XL; two thumb-sticks positioned on the bottom of the controller, a d-pad further up on the left and four buttons on the right. There’s also a menu button for pausing the titles, plus several battery indicator lights at the top that mimic the player counter found on the original Xbox 360 controller. In terms of responsiveness, the Nimbus is on the positive side of the spectrum. The main buttons have a satisfying click and we’d argue that the shoulder buttons feel better in quality than those found on the Stratus XL. The thumb-sticks have a good overall weight to them, meaning they spring back pretty easily and don’t feel limp when frantically throwing them in a particular direction. Then we get to the bad part; button mapping. You just never know what each button is going to do. We understand this is not a direct problem with the Nimbus but it’ still worth mentioning to the average user. It can be pretty frustrating and hampers an otherwise decent experience. Thankfully, pairing wasn’t much of an issue and we had our iPhone 5s recognising the device in no time at all. Battery life is rated at 40 hours and during our testing, we have no reason to disagree. It never ran out the entire time… And that included some pretty long gaming sessions on Asphalt 8 and Final Fantasy IX. Overall, the SteelSeries Nimbus an impressive piece of kit, as long as you accept the shortcomings of certain applications that fail to map things correctly. Then we get to the bad part; button mapping. You just never know what each button is going to do. SteelSeries Nimbus Build Quality Ergonomics Performance Battery Life Value for Money Pros and Cons + Solid buttons + Long battery life + Comfortable - A bit plastic feeling - Mapping issues 3.8 This Might Also Interest You... Crazy Taxi Gazillionaire Review Moto G5 Plus fresh leak shows rear end Lenovo TB-X304 tablet leaks on Geekbench ahead of MWC Trade in your Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 32GB for £285 Smartphone Photography Guide Libratone Zipp Bluetooth Speaker Review Android N: Everything you need to know SteelSeries Stratus XL Review Pokemon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire Review Fire Emblem Fates Double Review Home » Latest » SteelSeries Nimbus Review Contact Us Meet the Team Advertising T & C’s © Copyright What Mobile™ 2013-2017 This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesGot it Translate » Accessories Apps & Games Devices General Humour Industry Moto G5 Plus fresh leak shows rear end Lenovo TB-X304 tablet leaks on Geekbench ahead of MWC Samsung Galaxy A series gets a 2017 refresh Accessories Apps Devices Games Crazy Taxi Gazillionaire Review Libratone Zipp Bluetooth Speaker Review SteelSeries Nimbus Review Trade in your Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 32GB for £285 Smartphone Photography Guide Android N: Everything you need to know Top things to consider when taking out a phone contract Android Pay gets festive features for UK users Uber will now track passengers even if the app is closed New mobile app Dig That Gold lets players win real gold Amazon launches Spotify rival ‘Music Unlimited’ Dead Trigger 2 no longer supported on Windows Phone This $10 Pokemon Go Case will help you catch em all Top mobile games this week for August 8th – 14th Pokemon Go survey shows interest may have peaked
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple Netflix Apple poaches former Amazon Fire TV head to boost Apple TV business Twerdahl has previously served at Netflix and Roku and could breathe new life into Apple TV. By Owen Hughes February 8, 2017 12:18 GMT Apple is a renewed effort to boost its TV streaming platformReuters Apple TV hasn't quite seen the success Apple might have hoped for, lagging behind rival streaming devices from the likes of Roku, Amazon and Google that offer more functionality at a lower price point. But all this could be set to change, thanks to a fresh hire at Apple HQ that sees former Amazon Fire TV head Timothy Twerdahl take the reins of the company's set-top box business. Twerdahl spent nearly four years in charge of Amazon's Fire TV unit, where he served as director and general manager. Twerdahl has previously held high-ranking positions at Netflix and Roku, making the industry veteran a particularly strong candidate for boosting Apple TV's lacklustre sales. Apple TV falls within Apple's "Other Products" category alongside Apple Watch, iPods and Apple TV, which reported an eight per cent fall in revenue in Q1 2017. The company's £139/$149 set-top box hasn't been revised since 2015, when the company released its fourth-generation unit. While Siri integration brought some pick up in sales, rivals Google, Roku and Amazon continue to lead sales with cheaper, more up-to-date devices that in most cases also offer more content. Twerdahl's hiring suggest Apple is making a renewed effort to bring a new boost to its streaming business, likely through the acquisition of new content, something Apple has tried and failed to do in the past. Last year, CBS revealed it had been in talks with Apple about launching a new Netflix-like streaming service on Apple TV before it abruptly came to a standstill. More recently, Apple is said to have been speaking to producers in Hollywood about creating original shows for the platform. Amazon hasn't disclosed any sales numbers of Fire TV, but has previously said that the device is its best-selling product on Amazon.com. According to his LinkeIn profile, Twerdahl joined Apple this month. He reports to iPhone marketing VP Greg Joswiak and replaces Pete Distad, who Bloomberg reports has moved to help lead Apple's content team alongside Eddy Cue. More tech news from IBTimes UK TV and its 'brain dead' interface needs to be reinvented says Apple exec Eddy Cue Facebook tipped to challenge Netflix with video streaming app and original TV shows Top ten Kodi add-ons for movies, sport and TV shows 2017 - but are they legal? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Four top tips for avoiding fake news Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Where will the next Call of Duty be set in 2017? Our top picks include World War 2, Vietnam and Iraq As Activision promises CoD will "return to its roots", we speculate... Best gadget deals of the week: Samsung Gear 3, 4K TVs and Amazon Fire Tablet More savings on tech, which this week includes smartwatches, fitness... Every new McLaren car will be hybrid-electric by 2025 Woking supercar maker joins Ferrari with plans to electrify entire... Is the Trump administration using a self-destructing phone app to prevent data leaks? Use of encrypted Confide app may prevent someone being the next John... Mission possible: Self-destructing phones are now a reality This story will self-destruct in 10 seconds. If Destiny 2 is delayed until 2018, Activision acquires a 'hefty chunk' of Bungie shares Good thing it probably will release in 2017 then. Apple accused of storing your 'deleted' browsing history records for over a year Elcomsoft could extract records previously assumed banished to the... Obama's White House photographer Pete Souza throws shade at Trump on Instagram Pete Souza has alluded to some of the controversies and reports... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Tech Mobile Play Web & Social Cars Science Reviews Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Web & Social Viral Review Auto Gadgets Deals Science Roundup Exclusive Featured Guide Interview Video Wearable Tech Netflix Podcast Preview Opinion COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Apple’s Indian Facility Is A Reality Now – Bangalore To Play Host Apple's Indian facility is a reality now. Bangalore will play host and more collaborations may be in the offing. Will GST be another hurdle for Apple? by Luke Joye • February 7, 2017 February 8, 2017 in Apple Apple's Indian facility to be housed in Bangalore For the last several months, Apple executives have been in talks with the Indian government to set up its manufacturing facility in India.  Bengaluru in India has now been chosen to house Apple’s Indian facility. Bengaluru or Bangalore in the southern state of India, Karnataka is well known across the globe as the silicon valley of India. The city enjoys the presence of some of the best known tech giants in the world. Apple’s Indian Facility may start operations in June 2017 While a timeline to commence operations has not been defined by Apple, Priyank Kharge, the IT minister for Karnataka stated that the decision will foster a cutting edge technology ecosystem and development of a robust supply chain in the state and help India compete globally. However, indications are that production could commence in June 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Globally, India will become the third country to house manufacturing facilities for iPhones and that is a clear indication of the importance that Apple has for the nation. Wistron, a Taiwanese company who is an OEM for Apple will manufacture the iPhones from its facility in Peenya which is an industrial hub in Bengaluru. In December last, job openings for several positions were published by Apple for its Bengaluru based OEM. Apple’s Indian Facility – other collaborations may be in the offing Government sources also stated that discussions were on with Apple for other possible collaborations. While no further details on this were available, the government is likely pushing for the manufacture of components for Apple’s iPhone in order to create a robust manufacturing ecosystem in Bengaluru. Mr. Kharge also stated that other states like Maharashtra, Gujarat and Telengana were also keen on hosting Apple facilities in their respective states. But, the concerted efforts made by the government of Karnataka reaching out directly to Apple were helpful in Karnataka emerging as Apple’s preferred partner in the company’s India growth story. Complex supply chain The supply chain used by Apple is fairly complex and most of the parts for the iPad, iPhone, and Mac are mostly manufactured by third parties in 28 countries. Of the 766 suppliers that Apple has, 346 are on Chinese soil, 69 in the US and 126 in Japan. Tamil Nadu, one of the southern states in India has one unit of Apple’s supplier Flextronics. According to Navkendar Singh at the research firm IDC, the only Component ecosystem presently in India is the one created by Samsung. With Apple facing a slowdown in sales in China, it is now opportunity India and it is likely that Apple would be looking at a different model of SKU, sourcing and distribution so that the end product is affordable for the millions of potential customers. Apple’s Indian Facility – a strong alternative to China and Taiwan Vishal Tripathi, who is a research director at Gartner, also stated that Apple’s move to assemble the components in Bengaluru is an ideal starting point which makes India a strong alternative location to Taiwan and China which have remained the strongholds in the manufacturing sector. He added that the present move by Apples puts India “in a different stead”. Update A related report however states that the General Sales Tax system or the GST which the Indian Government is slated to bring into force from July, 2017 could potentially present some new roadblocks for Apple. Apple has sought import duty exemptions on components sourced from its global suppliers for a period of 15 years. It may be several years before these suppliers set up their manufacturing facilities in India and providing duty concessions sought by Apple, under the GST regime could pose challenges. Share Tweet Luke Joye All Luke's Posts Comments Be The First to Comment Latest Posts Android, Mobile, Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 Price Rumors: Can you Afford it? Aleks • February 10, 2017 Apple Apple’s Latest Invention is a Vaporizer Rob Clay • February 8, 2017 Mobile Blackberry Licensing Extended To Indian Firm Optiemus Infracom To Make Smartphones Luke Joye • February 8, 2017 Mobile Xiaomi Mi6 — Or Any Other Products — Not Coming To The Mobile World Congress Luke Joye • February 7, 2017 Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8 Battery Update, how Samsung will make the Phone Safe! Aleks • February 6, 2017 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 5   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 3   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Clipboard01 By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Apple AirPods: Feels impressive, once you overcome the fear of losing it Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out 'Two-Step Verification' for everyone; Here is why it is important Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple’s BeatsX wireless earbuds to launch this week #Apple 0 By tech2 News Staff /  08 Feb 2017 , 16:59 US tech giant Apple announced that BeatsX wireless earbuds will be available globally later this week. BeatsX earphones deliver up to eight hours of battery life and with “Fast Fuel”, a five-minute charge gives you two hours of playback. “The earbuds come with unique flex-form cable that provides all-day comfort and easy pocket portability, while eartip options provide a personalised fit and secure-fit wingtips offer added stability,” Apple said in a statement. BeatsX features optimised noise isolation, RemoteTalk allows you to take calls with a built-in mic, play music, adjust volume and activate Siri and also comes with variety of eartip options to offer personalised comfort. The BeatsX headphones use Apple’s proprietary W1 audio chip to deliver audio wirelessly from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models. The chip also allows for a seamless set up and come with a lightning connector on the cable. The port works works with Beats Audio’s Fast Fuel charging technology that will allow users up to 2 hours of playback with with just 5 minutes of charging. The headphones are priced at 149.95 USD which is roughly Rs 10,000. This pegs them below Apple’s pricey AirPods that currently retail in India at Rs 15,000. With inputs from IANS Tags: Apple, Apple AirPods, Beats Audio, BeatsX, Bluetooth audio, W1 chipset, wireless headphones Also read Apple is replacing batteries from “a very small number” of iPhone 6S smartphones Analysts speculate that Apple is building ‘iPhone 8’ earlier than its normal manufacturing cycle X Recommended For You Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out ‘Two-Step Verification’ for everyone; Here is why it is important Apple iCloud stores deleted browsing history almost indefinitely, analyst Trump immigration ban: “If we stand and say nothing, we become a part of it,” Apple CEO Tim Cook Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Tech Moves: Apple poaches Amazon Fire exec; Tune promotes Koch to CTO; Nohla names CEO; etc. by Clare McGrane on February 8, 2017 at 12:30 amFebruary 8, 2017 at 12:32 am Comments  1 Share  14 Tweet Share  39 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! Tech Moves covers notable hires, promotions and personnel changes in the Pacific NW tech community. Submissions: tips@geekwire.com Twerdahl (Via LinkedIn) —Apple and Amazon are on a collision course in many industries, but the battle for tech talent looks to be heating up in the TV space. According to a report in Bloomberg News, Apple has reportedly hired Timothy Twerdahl, who previously helped lead Amazon’s Fire TV unit. He worked for Amazon since 2013, with Bloomberg noting that Twerdahl will report to Apple’s Greg Joswiak. The hire looks to be a key move by Apple, with Business Insider noting that Twerdahl will be tasked with saving Apple’s “struggling” TV business. Ars Technica, meanwhile, says that the hiring could “at least help Apple stay abreast of its competitors.” Prior to Amazon, Twerdahl worked at Roku and Netflix, according to his LinkedIn profile, which shows him joining Apple earlier this month. Dan Koch. (Photo via Tune) — Tune, the fast-growing Seattle-based mobile marketing analytics company, has announced the promotion of Dan Koch to Chief Technology Officer. Koch had previously served as Tune’s director of engineering and in-app marketing. He joined Tune in 2015, following the company’s acquisition of Philadelphia-based Artisan Mobile, where Koch had served as the director of product development. A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Villanova School of Business, Koch also previously served as chief Agile Project Management Coach for the Best Buy Technology Group. As CTO, Koch will oversee the entirety of Tune’s product and engineering teams. “Marketers are in a constant struggle with the gap between what they need to do to succeed and what their marketing technology makes possible,” Koch said in a press release. “By aligning the world-class product and engineering talent we have at Tune, we can deliver something that obliterates this gap: the ultimate marketing stack that ties a comprehensive understanding of the user into everything a marketer needs to do to win.” Tune, formerly known as HasOffers and founded by twin brothers Lee and Lucas Brown in 2009, raised $27 million in venture funding in 2015. Omri Gazitt (Via LinkedIn) — Puppet, a 12-year-old Portland-based company that specializes in IT automation software, announced the addition of two new executives this week: Omri Gazitt will serve as the company’s chief product officer, and Sandra Hamilton joins the company as vice president of customer success.  Gazitt joins the company from Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, HP’s cloud unit. He had served as VP and GM of the company’s cloud-native platform for four years, and is also currently on the board director for the Cloud Foundry Foundation. At Puppet, Gazitt will oversee the company’s engineering and product management operations. “We’re in the midst of a sea change as enterprises deploy new workloads into public clouds such as AWS, Azure and the Google Cloud Platform,” said Gazitt. “It’s a great honor to be joining Puppet, an iconic company in our industry which has played an essential role in helping customers manage through the complexity of running ever-larger and more heterogeneous IT footprints. As our customers adopt DevOps practices and increase their agility, Puppet has an excellent opportunity to be their trusted partner on that journey.” Hamilton joins Puppet after over a decade at Dell’s cloud branch, EMC, where she served in a variety of leadership roles, most recently VP of global services. At Puppet, Hamilton will focus on customer relationships and expanding its global services practice. “I’m very passionate about the total customer experience,” Hamilton said in the release. “My entire career has been about the customer, in one way or another. Even in the age of technology, I recognize the value of personally engaging with them. At Puppet, I’m looking forward to elevating the customer connection even further.” Nohla Therapeutics, a biotech startup spun out of Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, is off to a roaring start. The company raised $43.5 million in venture funding last November, bringing their total funding to over $65 million, and now the startup has appointed a permanent CEO: pharmaceutical vet Kathleen Fanning. Fanning joins the company from biopharmaceutical company VentiRx, where she served as the Chief Operating Officer and formerly the VP of business development. She previously held leadership positions at a number of biotechnology companies and spent thirteen years in various roles at Zeneca Pharmaceuticals, now AstraZeneca. Fanning replaces interim CEO Michael Sistenich, who remains on the company’s board of directors. Nohla is developing and commercializing an alternative to bone marrow transplants: stem cell transplants from donated umbilical cord blood. The procedure means it’s much easier to find a donor, and could have better outcomes for patients with advanced Leukemia. Nohla’s work is based on the work of Fred Hutch researcher Colleen Delaney, Nohla founder and Chief Science officer. “I am very excited to join a true next generation platform biotechnology company that is transforming the application of universal donor stem cell therapies to decrease side effects and improve patient survival after cancer treatment,” Fanning said in a press release. “The Company has made significant progress in advancing its lead programs into clinical development and I look forward to working with the talented team at Nohla to build upon this promising foundation and to pioneer the delivery of best-in-class cellular therapies to patients.” Brian Neirby. (TimeXtender Photo) — Data automation provider TimeXtender, a Danish company with a North America headquarters in Bellevue, Wash., has announced the addition of Brian Neirby as VP of North American channels and alliances. Neirby joins the company from Redmond-based browser management provider Browsium, where he served as SVP of global field operations. At TimeXtender, Neirby will be responsible for developing a partner network across North America and will oversee the North American sales team. “I believe making the accessibility of data that is easy to interpret by any user, in any organization, is of extreme importance for all companies, given the need for making decisions predicated on data-driven analysis,” Neirby said in a press release. “I am excited to be part of the TimeXtender team and look forward to growing the channel network and working with its impressive roster of existing channel partners.” Elliott Waldron. (Placed Photo) — Location-based data startup Placed announced two additions to its leadership team this week: Elliott Waldron was promoted to VP of research, and Jeremy Tryba was promoted to VP of data engineering. Waldron has been with the company for five years, and formerly served as Director of Analytics. He has served in leadership roles at a variety of companies, including financial firm L1 partners. “As part of the data science team, I have the privilege of working with a fantastic team and a fascinating dataset.  The challenge of turning raw smartphone sensor data into physical-world measurement for brands involves so many facets of data science from big data to more traditional statistical modeling.  We’re like kids in a candy shop of location data! It’s a privilege to help lead the effort,” Waldron said in a press release. Tryba previously served as the director of engineering for Placed, and formerly worked as a software engineer and in other technical roles. “At Placed the Data Engineering team is building tools to bring data science to production as quickly and reliably as possible. I’m honored to be working with such a talented team of engineers and data scientists. It’s their creativity and insight in building solutions that makes this job so much fun,” Tryba said in the release. Daniel Kisner. (Nativis Photo) — Nativis, a clinical-stage bioelectronics startup, is continuing to expand its board of directors with the appointment of healthcare vet Daniel Kisner. Kisner is currently an independent consultant to the pharmaceutical industry, as well as an advisor and investor. He was previously the president and CEO of medical device company Caliper Life Sciences, and served as the President and COO of Isis Pharmaceuticals for eight years. “I am pleased to be joining the board of Nativis as they push towards a breakthrough with the Nativis Voyager system to battle glioblastoma and other cancers,” said Kisner said in a press release. “I look forward to using my experience in drug development and the pharmaceutical industry to advance their proprietary ulRFE technology. I am also excited to work with the industry leaders that have joined the board to help guide the company to further success.” Clare McGrane is a GeekWire reporter who covers life sciences, biotechnology and general assignment technology stories, in addition to producing the GeekWire radio show and podcast. A graduate of the University of Washington, she is passionate about nonfiction storytelling, particularly stories about how science impacts our daily lives. Reach her at clare@geekwire.com and follow her @claremcgrane. Comments 1 Share  14 Tweet Share  39 Reddit Email Previous StoryNASA tests next-generation air traffic software in Washington state’s skies Next StoryCloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Filed Under: Tech Moves  Tagged With: Nativis • Nohla Therapeutics • Placed • Puppet • Seattle tech talent • Tech Moves • TimeXtender • Tune GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Exclusive: Apple acquires Turi in major exit for Seattle-based machine learning and AI startup Ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Amazon ‘not a great place to work’ Seattle-based Apple team will use drones to improve Maps app in bid to catch up to Google Report: Apple in talks to produce original programming, lost ‘Top Gear’ talent to Amazon Previous StoryNASA tests next-generation air traffic software in Washington state’s skies Next StoryCloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Program Manager – Data ServicesWhitepages Security Software EngineerOfferUp Software Engineer, Test AutomationM87 A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Mobile Phones » Samsung Galaxy S8 » How and Why The Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Destroy EVERYTHING In 2017 How and Why The Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Destroy EVERYTHING In 2017 Bests Richard Goodwin 10:16, 9 Feb 2017 facebook twitter google+ A few quick points on why the Samsung Galaxy S8 will likely be the best overall smartphone of 2017 Apple’s iPhone 8 might cause some drama when it drops inside Q3 of 2017, but it is going to have to be seriously impressive in order to compete with Samsung’s Galaxy S8, which is shaping up to be a very compelling handset. Samsung had a pretty turbulent 2016, what with the Galaxy Note 7 and all, so it shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone that the company is really GUNNING for it in 2017. As usual, the Galaxy S-update will be the company’s flagship offering. Though this year there could well be three Galaxy S8 models: two standard, with EDGE displays, and, a larger, Plus or Pro model. Differentiation between the handsets, if history is anything to go by, will not be quite as stark as the light and day differences between Apple’s iPhone and iPhone Plus handsets. Rather, Samsung is likely to push a few, bespoke technologies onto its larger handset while keeping quite a bit of parity between handsets inside the range. The Pro model could feature a 4K display and S-Pen support, for one, or a slightly more powerful CPU and more RAM. The name Pro usually denotes a different target audience; in this context, it’s likely to be those that want to use their phones for creative work, which would be a nice shoe-in for the usually-Note-specific S-Pen. Core experiences should be pretty close across all models, however, and this, as well as tweaks to the design, is what’s going to sell the phone, likely by the boat-load, in 2017. Below are my top picks for what to look forward to on Samsung’s soon-to-be-launched Samsung Galaxy S8 flagship handset. Samsung Galaxy S8 Design & Overall Spec Apple used to be the king of industrial design. But this is no longer the case. Samsung is now the mac daddy when it comes to phone design. The Galaxy S7 EDGE and Galaxy Note 7 were head and shoulders above the iPhone 7 with respect to design and finish, and this trend will almost certainly continue into 2017 with the Galaxy S8. How Samsung refines the design of the Galaxy S7 this year remains to be seen, but leaks have confirmed that the Home key will no longer exist on the handset and this means more display real estate and a sleeker, smarter frontal appearance. Samsung has reportedly been buying up Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipsets like hotcakes. So much so that many Android players – LG and HTC, included – are struggling to source units for their respective flagships which will land around the same time as Samsung’s Galaxy S8 range. As per usual, there will also be an Exynos-powered Galaxy S8 model (or models). This chipset, which is called the Exynos 8895, will be built by Samsung using the company’s 10nm FinFET process. The chipset, of which there will two variants, will feature octa-core processors, combining four Exynos M2 CPU cores (clocked at up to 2.5GHz) and four Cortex A53 CPU cores (clocked at up to 1.7GHz), reports suggest. “Thus, the Exynos 8895M will be using a 20-core variant, while the Exynos 8895V will make do with an 18-core configuration,” reports Phone Arena. “In line with today's high-end standards, both chipsets will support fast UFS 2.1 storage, LPDDR4 RAM, and integrated Cat. 16 LTE modems. In the second half of 2017, Samsung might introduce a third Exynos 8895 variant with an updated Shannon 359 modem that will be compatible with CDMA networks.” All Galaxy S8 models will be EDGE models. The standard flat-display design will no longer be available, apparently. Not that this should concern anybody; the EDGE models of Samsung’s current handsets look absolutely stunning when compared to their non-EDGE stablemates. Samsung Galaxy S8 Bixby This is where things start to get very interesting. Bixby is Samsung’s play for the AI space in 2017. Developed by Viv Labs, the guys that created Siri, Bixby is Samsung’s version of Alexa. We already know quite a bit about Bixby: it’ll be a lot smarter than the current generation of Siri, ship inside ALL Samsung handsets in 2017, and will be able to do many, many cool things that currently aren’t available on any phones. One such feature, recently leaked online by a couple of courses, is Bixby’s ability to tell, from a picture taken by the phone, what the user is looking at and then find that object online so the user can buy it using Samsung Pay. The two services – Bixby and Samsung Pay – will work hand in hand to offer a seamless and completely unique shopping experience. Beyond this, Bixby is said to be very intelligent and capable – think more Amazon Alexa than Siri. Bixby will not be limited to phones, either. If the Galaxy S8 is a success and Bixby proves popular we’ll likely see the software released inside ALL Samsung gear, ranging from phones to wearables to accessories for you home. Samsung is in competition with Google. It makes no bones about this and we fully expect to see some sort of Bixby-powered Google Home/Amazon Echo rival released before the end of 2017. Samsung has its own SmartThings IOT platform and Bixby will likely feature heavily in this ecosystem going forwards. This is honestly one of the coolest things about the new Galaxy S8 handset. I cannot wait to see what Bixby is capable of. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera and Imaging Samsung has always had solid pedigree when it comes to imaging. But this year’s Galaxy S8 phones will benefit from a raft of new features that will really extend what’s possible with the handsets from a photography standpoint. A bunch of patents dropped earlier this year that showed Samsung’s plans for imaging aboard future Galaxy handsets. Most of the patent was about new features like dual-sensor technology and improvements to overall photo quality. The gap between DSLR cameras and camera phones is constantly getting smaller. Thanks in part to advancements with CPU technology and big investments by firms like Sony and Samsung in mobile camera technology, imaging on phones is now fast approaching professional-grade quality and in 2017 we’re about to see yet another big step forward on phone cameras. Dual-camera technology will be the big inclusion aboard the Galaxy S8. But Samsung being Samsung will not be content with simply adding in a dual-lens system – it will make the dual-lens system the most advanced any of us have seen inside a mobile phone. Android Headlines reports the following: "According to a Twitter user @mmddj_china, an industry insider, the Samsung Galaxy S8 will ship with a camera which will support Dual ADC. Now, the source also mentions that Sony’s IMX204 sensor offers support for Dual ADC, but that sensor is not meant to be used in smartphones, and quite frankly it doesn’t fit in there, the Galaxy S8 would have to be huge, and that won’t happen, of course. For those of you who don’t know, ADC is short for Analog-To-Digital Converter, and a dual ADC setup would surely boost camera’s performance." Expect brilliant specs and impressive results. I always look forward to Samsung’s new camera technology, and this year’s release will definitely be significant. I’m expecting big things from Samsung in this department in 2017. Samsung Galaxy S8 Display – Best In Class Display The Samsung Galaxy S7 had the best overall display of any smartphone released in 2016. You can find out more why inside our Samsung Galaxy S8 Display Review. The long and short of it is pretty simple though: through careful investment in AMOLED technologies, Samsung has found itself very much a leader in this field. The applied technologies it has developed always find their way to Samsung’s latest and greatest flagships, and this year’s Galaxy S8 will be no exception. Reports suggest Samsung could well release the Galaxy S8 with a 4K OLED panel in order to add more detail to VR experiences. This 4K panel could be just one of the USPs of a larger, Galaxy S8 Plus or Pro model. Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs The Samsung Galaxy S8’s specs will be impressive. New Android flagship devices ALWAYS push the boundaries in this regard, and Samsung is usually the first of the big name brands to do the pushing inside Q1 of every year. The Galaxy S8 could pack up to 8GB of RAM onboard. The architecture uses two 8 Gigabit RAM modules stacked in a dual-channel configuration, equalling 64 Gigabits, aka 8GB of DRAM. The setup takes up 30% less space inside the phone shell than current LPDDR4 memory while also being 20% more battery efficient, according to the creator of this hardware, SK Hynix. And, yes, that’s significant. Very significant. Samsung Galaxy S8 Software: Android Nougat + Big Updates To Key Apps The Galaxy S8 will run Android Nougat. But the big star of the show inside its software will not be Android; no, it will be Bixby and Samsung’s updated Health help, according to reports, which the company is keen to make one of the handset’s biggest unique selling points. The S-Health app, for instance, will apparently be a lot more advanced, help users diagnose symptoms, contact medical professionals, and access tons more detailed data about their body’s energy levels and overall health. Bixby will almost certainly feature prominently in how these new apps are managed and how one interacts with them. What are you most excited about seeing? Read More About: Mobile Phones Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 Sponsored Links Related content 1 Sony Xperia M5 Review 4.5 BlackBerry Passport Review: New Silver Edition Announced 4 iPhone 7 Plus Review: The ONLY iPhone You Should Buy 12 Brilliant, Ultra-Affordable Android Phones Moto G4 Review: Do You Really Need Anything Else? View the discussion thread. Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Xbox Project Scorpio: True 4K Gaming is COMING To Xbox In 2017 Games Consoles Best Place To Buy Cheap PS4 Controller Games Consoles Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 1 Sony Xperia M5 Review Reviews 4 Samsung Gear VR Review: The Beginning of Something BIG Reviews 4.5 BlackBerry Passport Review: New Silver Edition Announced Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices Read next   Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date & Specs Rumours Do not show recommendations again this session.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology iPhone 8 Technology iPhone 8 could arrive EARLY amid reports Apple will start production in June Analysts claim Apple is gearing up to start production of its next iPhone in June  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 14:32, 8 FEB 2017 Updated07:14, 9 FEB 2017 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextBlue Origin rocket's vertical takeoff and landing Watch this video again Watch Next Man meets machine at the Cyborg Olympics in Zurich2:30 Inventor's 'Scarlet Johansson' robot is terrifyin1:50 Virtual reality slaughter house tour could put yo0:45 Holographic communication is HERE thanks to Micro4:46 This new Airbus designed using social media sugge3:27 What is the BBC's Micro:Bit computer? (And what c1:40 Nine-year-old rushed to hospital after pharmacist3:19 Ian Wright hints that Arsene Wenger's time at Ars0:35 Ten years on: The Plymouth families still haunted3:15 Get ready for some very cold weather1:37 Six-year-old girl diagnosed with rare cancer afte1:00 Rescuers desperately attempt to refloat stranded 1:32 Video will play in Is this a tantalizing glimpse of the new iPhone? Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email For the past five years, Apple's iPhone launches have been as regular as clockwork, occurring every year in mid-September. But a new report hints that Apple may break with tradition this year and launch its next flagship smartphone earlier than expected. According to information gathered by boutique research firm BlueFin Research Partners and shared by Barron's Tech Trader Daily , there is "some indication" that Apple will start production of the iPhone 8 in June. "The most intriguing data points that we have uncovered suggests that AAPL is ramping the next generation iPhones earlier than historical norms," the BlueFin partners stated in a research note. The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone SE running iOS 10 (Photo: Apple) "Additionally, AAPL has adjusted iPhone 7, 7 Plus, and SE production downward in preparation for the next generation launch." The partners note that it's not clear whether this will translate to an earlier release date for the iPhone 8 . Read More iPhone 8 rumour: Apple planning to ditch iconic Home button and Touch ID fingerprint sensor The launch of Apple's "Jet Black" iPhone 7 was beset with manufacturing issues and supply shortages, so it's possible the company is simply trying to ensure this doesn't happen again. However, BlueFin claims that there will be a 300% increase in iPhone 8 builds in the June quarter, taking the total number of handsets to 9 million - a not insignificant figure. Some rumours suggest the iPhone 8 won't have a Home button (Photo: Marek Weidlich) "As a result, overall June quarter builds have increased from 45M to 48M, with the sharp increase in iPhone 8 offset somewhat by modest declines in legacy models," the partners said. "In the past, builds of upcoming releases began in earnest early in the September quarter, so this is a departure from AAPL’s normal build cadence." Read More The future of the iPhone 8 is clear: Apple granted patent for TRANSPARENT augmented reality iPhone With 2017 marking the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone , many are expecting Apple to give its flagship device a major design overhaul. Rumours suggest that it will be made entirely from glass and come in three size options. At least one of these is thought to feature a curved OLED display - similar to Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge - and boast 4K resolution. Concept image of an iPhone with curved display - like Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge (Photo: Martin Hajek) Apple is also rumoured to be getting rid of the physical Home button and replacing it with a touch-sensitive digital button. Eye-scanning technology is also rumoured, as well as a dual-lens camera and wireless charging on all three models. Based on Apple's well-established "tick-tock" cycle, the 2017 model would be called the iPhone 7s. However, given that this is likely to be a fairly major upgrade, it seems unlikely that Apple will opt for that name - as it would downplay the upgrade. It's more likely that it will be called the iPhone 8 - or perhaps even the iPhone X, to mark the 10-year anniversary. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Tech Trader Barron's iPhone Smartphones iPhone 8 Technology all Most Read Most Recent RobotsRobot goes rogue after being handed the controls to a drone 'I really had no idea what was going to happen,' says bemused owner CopyrightAre Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Ticket toutsComputer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered The programs, known as “bots”, can be loaded with different names, addresses and credit card details so tickets can be bought in bulk as soon as they go on sale Video GamesPokémon GO Valentine's Day event brings double candies and increased spawn rates for pink Pokémon Pokémon GO is getting a Valentine's Day themed update, but it only lasts for a week. Ticket toutsComputer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered The programs, known as “bots”, can be loaded with different names, addresses and credit card details so tickets can be bought in bulk as soon as they go on sale Video GamesRocket League teams up with Hot Wheels for new DLC Fans of Rocket League to get virtual and physical cars as Mattel and Zag Toys both team up with the hit game iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years CometsComet flyby LIVE: Watch as this bizarre green comet passes through our solar system tonight Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdušáková is blazing its way through the heavens this week - with a distinctive bluey-green colour Lunar eclipsePenumbral lunar eclipse, Snow Moon and New Year Comet to coincide in one spectacular display Sky watchers are in for a treat, when three celestial events will coincide - but what is a lunar eclipse and how can I watch it? Most Read Most Recent 50 Shades of GreyCinema 'BANS' single men from new Fifty Shades Darker screening - and warns over 'women's hormones' The film, starring Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey and Dakota Johnson as Anastasia Steele, is to open in Irish cinemas tonight Lottery winnersSingle dad who scooped £250,000 on lottery wants to buy an Audi A3 - there's just one catch Andrew Nabb, 33, won a cool £247,513 in last Friday's EuroMillions draw and can't wait to get behind the wheel of his dream car SchoolsVomiting bug shigellosis sweeping UK - what to look out for and what to do An outbreak of shigellosis or shigella has struck down children in some schools. Anyone can get the infection, however it is more common in young children WeatherUK weather: Prepare for coldest weather of winter so far with up to 10inches of snow expected Health officials have warned the elderly and sick to stock up on essentials ahead of the cold snap WeatherUK weather: Snow is coming this weekend and this is when and where it may fall in your area Where is it snowing in the UK this weekend? Forecasters have warned tonight could be the coldest night of winter so far and snow is expected in many parts of the county Car crashesMum's grief 10 years after teen girls were killed by boy racer who fled scene of horror crash Ricky Herbert ran away after he killed Jane Brennand, 13, and Roxanne Trim, 17, in a stolen, modified car with no seatbelts HolidaysGulf of Florida offers white sandy beaches, great seafood and spectacular sunsets There are few more beautiful sights when it comes to holidays than Lido Key, says Paul Henderson Premier LeagueLiverpool squad vs Tottenham revealed ahead of Premier League clash at Anfield Jurgen Klopp's men will be hoping to get back to winning ways when they entertain Mauricio Pochettino's men Arsenal FCArsenal squad vs Hull revealed ahead of Premier League clash at the Emirates Hector Bellerin returned to training on Friday after appearing to suffer concussion against Chelsea Premier LeagueChelsea squad vs Burnley revealed ahead of Premier League clash at Turf Moor Antonio Conte could shuffle his pack for the visit to Turf Moor Top Stories PrescriptionsNine-year-old rushed to hospital after pharmacist accidentally gave her METHADONE Ruby-Mai Bell from Nottingham, was supposed to be given antibiotics for an infection at a Nottingham pharmacy on Tuesday but was given the Class A drug by mistake Lottery winnersSingle dad who scooped £250,000 on lottery wants to buy an Audi A3 - there's just one catch Andrew Nabb, 33, won a cool £247,513 in last Friday's EuroMillions draw and can't wait to get behind the wheel of his dream car Arsenal FCAlex Oxlade-Chamberlain apologised to Arsene Wenger after 'liking' tweet calling for Gunners boss' axe The England midfielder was seen to have liked a post in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to Chelsea, calling for the Gunners boss to leave the club Tara Palmer-TomkinsonFears mystery man seen with Tara Palmer-Tomkinson in weeks before death 'may have been drug dealer' Friends fear Tara, who had struggled to kick drugs for decades, may have fallen back into bad habits InquestsMum found hanged on mental health ward 'let down by services that could have saved her' Rachel Morgan, 28, suffered from severe postnatal depression and had tried to take her life several times in the months leading up to her death Shannon Matthews'I wish I could get to see her': Shannon Matthews' best friend breaks silence with heartfelt plea Callie Brown was just eight when her best friend was taken away from her Wedding dressHeartbroken bride's desperate appeal to find antique wedding dress lost after 'dry cleaner sold it' Tess Newall is trying to trace her great-great-grandmother's lace gown which dates back to 1870 after it was lost when the cleaners went into administration SnowDoorman dies in freak accident after falling through glass window and slashing throat while shovelling snow Miguel Gonzalez, 59, suffered severe lacerations to his neck after he slipped and fell while clearing snow from the steps of his building SchoolsVomiting bug shigellosis sweeping UK - what to look out for and what to do An outbreak of shigellosis or shigella has struck down children in some schools. Anyone can get the infection, however it is more common in young children CrimeKiller who stabbed, decapitated and cannibalised stranger on bus is now FREE and completely unmonitored in Canada Vince Li attacked Timothy McLean at random, cut off his head and began eating parts of his flesh George Michael"He's cold. He's blue. He's very stiff": Full 999 call made by George Michael's shocked boyfriend reveals he tried to revive him for an hour before calling help The singer was found dead on Christmas Day PeriodsGirl nearly dies from tampon she'd only been wearing FIVE HOURS Katie Knight, 20, was rushed to hospital and spent four days in intensive care suffering from Toxic Shock Syndrome Robot goes rogue after being handed the controls to a drone Are Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Computer software that robs music fans and makes ticket touts a fortune uncovered Pokémon GO Valentine's Day event brings double candies and increased spawn rates for pink Pokémon Fukushima cleaning robot pulled from reactor after camera gets damaged by massive radiation levels inside tsunami disaster site Futuristic 'invisible TV' turns TRANSPARENT when you're not watching it - leaving just a pane of glass iPhone 8 could arrive EARLY amid reports Apple will start production in June This simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender Simple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it Samsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch Five arrested for selling Kodi boxes 'fully loaded' with illegal streaming apps How to have 'secret' conversations on Facebook Messenger and stop the government spying on your chats What is Kodi? All you need to know about the streaming app at the centre of a landmark legal battle How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Pokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon This is how much of the internet is porn Kodi warning issued for people who are using the boxes to stream shows illegally How to install Kodi on an Amazon Fire TV Stick - a quick guide to downloading the streaming software How to use Pokémon GO gyms: Tips and hints for winning battles with your Pokémon News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 11, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Apple to start iPhone 8 production early to meet ‘unprecedented’ demand tech Updated: Feb 08, 2017 16:41 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times Workers walk out of the entrance to a Foxconn factory in Chengdu, Sichuan province. Apple and its suppliers such as Taiwanese tycoon Terry Gou's Foxconn Technology Group have been the target of labour rights groups, which say the world's most valuable technology company are making iPhones and iPads in massive sweat shops. (Reuters) Apple is soon going to start production of its 10-year anniversary edition iPhone 8 to cater to what it calls an “unprecedented” demand in the market. According to reports, Apple is starting production much ahead in time as it expects the market to go crazy about the iPhone 8 which is expected to change the smartphones landscape. Obviously, a lot of expectations are riding on the iPhone 8 as it comes just months after Apple founder and late-CEO Steve Jobs launched the first iPhone in 2007. Read: Apple’s iPhone 6 for Rs 3999 on Flipkart, but fine print is a spoiler Apple will reportedly start its supply chain as early as June this year. Several reports suggest that the company has scaled down or adjusted prouction of its newer releases such as the iPhone SE, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to make space for the iPhone 8. Reports also hint that production of its current generation models (iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus) will be minimised to make room for its next models, expected to be called iPhone 8, iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. Apple might have taken the decision to ensure that there is enough supply of phones post its launch. However, no change in launch dates have been announced. Read: Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India, may manufacture in Bengaluru Citing Taiwanese sources, a report from DigiTimes claims that Apple has bypassed usual supplier Foxconn and placed orders for forged stainless steel iPhone casings from manufacturing partner Jabil. The iPhone-maker had last relied on stainless steel instead of aluminium on the iPhone 4S but had to switch to aluminium due to quality issues Apple is also expected to build bezel-less curved OLED displays for its iPhone 8. The rumnour is in line with Sharp top executive remarks that Apple has to finally choose OLED displays to take the next step in innovating displays on its smartphones. Read: Channeling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new “spaceship” campus According to Barclays Research analysts, the 5-inch and 5.8-inch bezel-free iPhones with borderless design will allow for the new iPhones to be the same overall size as current 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models, MacRumors.com reported. “Larger and bezel-less iPhone 8 design did not sound 100 per cent locked down but we believe the move is to a bezel-less design with screen sizes getting larger and curved edges in the original envelope,” the report quoted analysts as saying. Read: Apple iPhone 8 to come with facial recognition tech via new ‘laser sensor’ There are reports that a bezel-free design by Apple will be achieved by removing the iconic Home button on the next iPhone. Barclays expects that the screen will extend vertically as well as horizontally. Other rumours suggest that the iPhone 8 will come with improved 3D Touch functionality. tags Apple Apple iPhone 8 iPhone 8 iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus more from tech Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs From collision to cover up: The inside story of the Chennai oil spill Feb 11, 2017 09:59 IST Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: 10 points about Tamil Nadu’s power struggle Feb 11, 2017 10:03 IST Radio jockey’s show helps ease man-elephant conflict in Chhattisgarh Feb 11, 2017 10:08 IST ‘BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav has 500 Facebook friends from Pakistan’ Feb 11, 2017 08:22 IST Maharashtra CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term Feb 11, 2017 09:25 IST UP election: How Shamli’s Thanabhawan seat will test Akhilesh Yadav’s politics Feb 11, 2017 07:50 IST Chinese soldier, who strayed to India, waited 54 years for bowl of spicy, Shaanxi noodles Feb 11, 2017 10:08 IST Trump, Abe pledge deeper trade and security ties between US-Japan Feb 11, 2017 01:04 IST US President Trump promises action ‘very rapidly’ after travel ban halted Feb 11, 2017 02:05 IST Trump says conversation with China’s Xi was ‘very warm’ Feb 11, 2017 00:34 IST Brazil threatens striking police with prosecution as death toll tops 120 Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Travel ban ruling is ‘a disgraceful decision’: Donald Trump Feb 10, 2017 23:16 IST Muslim woman denied teaching job for wearing Hijab wins discrimination case in ... Feb 10, 2017 21:42 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Cafe owners irked as rooftop shutdown at Connaught Place hits businesses Feb 11, 2017 08:33 IST AAP govt and Delhi education: A look at the hits, misses and future plans Feb 11, 2017 09:08 IST Two years of AAP: Govt push puts schools back on learning curve Feb 11, 2017 08:18 IST Maharashtra CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term Feb 11, 2017 09:25 IST UP election: How BJP changes its narrative within 50 kms, from Hindutva to secu... Feb 11, 2017 07:42 IST After Versova mangrove destruction case, Mumbai suburban collector ready with action... Feb 11, 2017 01:11 IST Mumbai: Get ready to pay up to 200% more for parking Feb 11, 2017 01:10 IST Chhagan Bhujbal money laundering case : Former MET employees want to turn appro... Feb 11, 2017 01:06 IST Bar council approves syllabus for Maharashtra’s law entrance examination Feb 11, 2017 01:03 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Can the low-key Akhilesh Yadav win the high-stakes UP battle? Feb 11, 2017 06:56 IST Green card blues are here to stay . Feb 10, 2017 21:17 IST Who’s afraid of the Naga Mothers? . Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST South Africa whitewash Sri Lanka 5-0, go on top of ICC ODI rankings Feb 11, 2017 09:10 IST Live cricket score, India vs Bangladesh, Day 3 live: BAN 64/3, trail by 623 Feb 11, 2017 10:14 IST India vs Bangladesh Test, Live cricket score, Day 3: Umesh 2/11, BAN 72/3 Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST Blind cricket World T20: India beat Sri Lanka by 10 wickets to enter final Feb 11, 2017 01:35 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Pakistan Super League 2017: Quetta Gladiators beat Lahore Qalandars by 8 runs Feb 11, 2017 10:20 IST Tottenham Hotspur keen to put Liverpool FC’s title ambitions to bed: Harry Kane Feb 11, 2017 09:52 IST Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane hopes to have Gareth Bale back for Napoli tie Feb 11, 2017 09:33 IST South Africa whitewash Sri Lanka 5-0, go on top of ICC ODI rankings Feb 11, 2017 09:10 IST Edinson Cavani fires as Paris Saint-Germain FC defeat FC Girondins de Bordeaux Feb 11, 2017 08:56 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Dev Patel’s Lion’s newspaper ad with Sunny Pawar targets Trump’s travel ban Feb 11, 2017 09:56 IST Padmavati: Makers ‘again’ clarify that there are no scenes between Padmavati and... Feb 11, 2017 09:41 IST I’m capable of producing my films: Anushka denies rumours of Virat Kohli producing... Feb 11, 2017 09:34 IST Karan Johar on ADHM apology video: Was terrible to face camera, speak on nation... Feb 11, 2017 08:44 IST Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan in a pic for first time in 25 years. More pics inside Feb 11, 2017 09:41 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Not just meat but legumes, nuts and Kale can also give you big muscles Feb 11, 2017 09:40 IST Having fruits and vegetables can drive away depression in just two weeks Feb 11, 2017 09:13 IST Now, a ‘miracle pill’ for the treatment of high blood pressure Feb 11, 2017 08:48 IST Anjali Lama, first transgender model at LFW, moves to Mumbai: Never been so busy Feb 11, 2017 08:59 IST Barking up the right tree: Review of The Book of Indian Dogs by S Theodore Bask... Feb 11, 2017 08:43 IST Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST WhatsApp gets two-setep verification for Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 10, 2017 20:33 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale... Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST From 2018, single exam for engineering and architecture across India Feb 10, 2017 21:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST PM Modi: SP is housing goons, women safety in UP is threatened Feb 08, 2017 17:50 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MEDIA Analysis Apple hopes Amazon’s Fire TV chief can save struggling Apple TV Chris O'Brien@obrien February 8, 2017 3:32 AM Tags: Amazon, Amazon Fire TV, Apple, Apple TV, top-stories Above: The current Apple TV and the Siri Remote. Image Credit: Ken Yeung/VentureBeat The news that Apple has hired the head of Amazon’s Fire TV to salvage its own connected TV gadget is a startling acknowledgment of just how disappointing Apple TV has been. As reported by Bloomberg, Apple brought on Amazon’s Timothy D. Twerdahl to be its vice president in charge of Apple TV product marketing. The move is a tacit nod to Amazon, which, despite some stumbles with its Fire phone, has also developed a growing reputation for its hardware prowess, thanks to hits like Fire TV, the Kindle, and lately, the Echo. This may be about as close as we ever get to Apple admitting that its attempt to reboot Apple TV in October 2015 has fallen flat. Just last week during its earnings call with analysts, Apple CEO Tim Cook was putting some hefty spin on the gadget’s prospects. “The way that we participate in the changes that are going on in the media industry that I fully expect to accelerate from the cable bundle beginning to break down is, one, we started the new Apple TV a year ago, and we’re pleased with how that platform has come along,” Cook said. “We have more things planned for it but it’s come a long way in a year, and it gives us a clear platform to build off of.” Maybe. Just just a few days before that call, a report from eMarketer told a very different story about Apple TV. eMarketer said Apple TV “is at the bottom of the U.S. connected TV market, behind Google Chromecast and Roku, with its share shrinking.” As a result, eMarketer reports that Apple is used by just 11.9 percent of connected TV consumers. That’s down from 12.5 percent in September. It also continues a steady drop from 12.6 percent in 2015 and 13.5 percent in 2014, according to eMarketer. That underwhelming assessment comes over a year after Apple relaunched Apple TV with great expectations. But the pricey new Apple TV hardware and its dedicated remote have drawn mixed reviews, particularly from the gaming community. And even as Apple continues to add more apps, it still lacks a dedicated subscription service that Apple has reportedly been trying to pull together for several years now. Former Apple TV head Pete Distad will move over to work on content deals. And, of course, Apple is reportedly developing original content (following in the footsteps of Netflix and Amazon). Still, I’m surprised by Apple’s tepid showing, because I was tremendously excited about the prospects of the new Apple TV. I have owned the previous generation Apple TV for several years, and it’s a great complement to my home, which is filled with other Apple gadgets. For all the hype back in 2015 about the Apple Watch, I was sure that Apple TV would be the real game changer. Opening the TV up to Apple’s app developers would surely create a sea change in my relationship with a device that occupies a central position in our home, right? Alas, no. And the sluggish growth of Apple TV is all the more surprising because of one of the last, cryptic quotes we have from Steve Jobs, via his authorized biography. “I’d like to create an integrated television set that is completely easy to use,” Jobs said. “It would be seamlessly synced with all of your devices and with iCloud…It will have the simplest user interface you could imagine. I finally cracked it.” If that’s true, he apparently forget to tell anyone at Apple. Now we’ll see if someone from Amazon can help Apple finally seize the moment and revolutionize our TVs. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple is starting iPhone 8 production earlier than usual to meet demand Subhrojit MallickFeb 8, 2017, 04.32 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit Continue reading After what happened with the Jet Black variant of the iPhone 7 last year, Apple seems to be taking no chances, especially considering this year is the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. According to analyst reports, Apple will start manufacturing of the iPhone 8 and the rumoured iPhone X much ahead of schedule. Per a Tech Trader Daily report, there are rumours that production for iPhone 8 will start well ahead of schedule. John Donovan and Steve Mullane from BlueFin Research Partners think that while there is no change in the tentative release date of the iPhone 8 and the iPhone X, Apple is much ahead of its historical timeline in terms of production this year. In addition, the report states that Apple could start its supply chain as early as June this year. “Our present reads suggest a 300 per cent increase in iPhone 8/X builds in the June quarter, now sitting at 9 million. As a result, overall June quarter builds have increased from 45 million to 48 million with the sharp increase in iPhone 8 offset somewhat by modest declines in legacy models,” the report read. While the news doesn’t come directly from Apple, it is worth noting that if it’s true, Apple will likely look to avoid production or device-related issues especially considering this is the 10th anniversary year of the iPhone. iPhone 8 is rumoured to be radically different from the previous variants. For one, it is rumoured to come without the iconic home button and incorporate an all-glass OLED bezel-less wraparound display with a stainless steel frame. In addition, the anniversary edition is likely to feature wireless charging and a new form of facial recognition using laser sensors . With the home button going away, Apple is also rumoured to integrate TouchID under the display using Synaptic’s optical fingerprint sensing tech. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Smartphonesiphone 8iPhone 2017iPhoneApple Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X unveiled in China More from this author Sony’s patented contact lens can take videos with a blink of an eye Google Chrome’s new feature will make VR mainstream WhatsApp is rolling out two-step verification: Here’s why you should be careful in using it Related stories Apple’s iPhone 8 will cost a bomb says noted analyst iPhone 8 To Have An All-Glass Display Hot Rumor: The iPhone 8 Will Not Be All Glass Apple to discontinue the iPhone 5c? Apple iPhone 7 review: Batman’s phone Apple iPhone 7 Likely To Include A 3.5mm Headphone Jack Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now WhatsApp is rolling out two-step verification: Here’s why you should be careful in using it Apple’s iPhone 8 will cost a bomb says noted analyst Honor 6X: The ideal smartphone for your pocket Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there MapmyIndia’s newly launched eLoc is a simple way to share your address Google strikes on apps lacking privacy policy Google Chrome’s new feature will make VR mainstream HMD Global not adapting flash sale model for Nokia 6 in China Xiaomi to unveil Redmi Note 4X on Valentine’s day Oxygen 4.0.3 update rolling out for OnePlus 3 and 3T Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Reliance and Airtel butt heads over Tariff plans once again ... U.S. tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban U.S. tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban ... Vivaldi vs Microsoft: The new web browser wars ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop LYF Flame F8 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black) ₹ 4999BUY8MP + 5MP Camera LYF Wind 7S 4G VoLTE - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 5999BUY8MP Camera, 2GB RAM Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace - 4GB (Black) ₹ 5499BUY3G, 5MP Cam Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X unveiled in China Apple to launch BeatsX wireless earbuds this week SumOfUS want Mark Zuckerberg to step down as Chairman of the board Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there Moto G5 Plus leak show the device in all its glory MediaTek unveils octa-core processor for dual-camera smartphones Vivaldi 1.7 brings new goodies to the table Channeling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new 'spaceship' campus YouTube stars can live stream from mobile, make money from fans 1Apple is starting iPhone 8 production earlier than usual to meet demand 2Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X unveiled in China 3Apple to launch BeatsX wireless earbuds this week 4SumOfUS want Mark Zuckerberg to step down as Chairman of the board 5Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there 6Moto G5 Plus leak show the device in all its glory 7MediaTek unveils octa-core processor for dual-camera smartphones 8Vivaldi 1.7 brings new goodies to the table 9Channeling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new 'spaceship' campus 10YouTube stars can live stream from mobile, make money from fans About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Here's where the big tech companies are taking us in 2017 CNBC Sameepa Shetty 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Teens jailed for more than 20 years for stabbing man Britain braces for sub-zero weekend © Provided by CNBC This earnings season, the biggest tech companies clarified their paths forward over the next two yeas, and in the process explained what our tech future is going to look like. For Apple (AAPL), it's about doubling down on the services business to position itself for a time when the smartphone becomes redundant as a computing platform. With augmented reality, virtual reality and the internet of things becoming more than buzzwords, Apple's future relies on recurring revenue from these shifts -- and that means services. Most of the Apple innovation debate centers around hardware -- the next great iPhone; an iWatch that does it all; Apple car; or perhaps a so-far un-thought of gadget. While that may still be a focus area for the company's research department, Tim Cook is now focused on doubling the services business over the next four years. For Facebook (FB), "It's more than just the big blue app," says Eric Sheridan, UBS tech analyst. The company is a portfolio of brands -- including Messenger, WhatsApp, Instagram, Oculus, and the like -- and that's the way to value it. And a big value driver of that value is video. "I see video as a megatrend on the same order as mobile. That's why we're going to keep putting video first across our family of apps and making it easier for people to capture and share video in new ways." - Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook CEO on the Q4 2016 earnings call. BTIG's Rich Greenfield raises an important question: does this mean allowing users to upload and share more video or does this mean offering video entertainment to Facebook users? The latter idea is made more interesting by the fact that Reed Hastings, Netflix CEO, sits on Facebook's board. Each path is a distinct strategy would take the company in different directions. Meanwhile, the company's ad service business continues growing from strength to strength. Strategic buys including Instagram and Whatsapp helped diversify Facebook's geographical and demographical bets. As for monetization, Facebook has many untouched levers, including using bots enabled commerce within Messenger and Whatsapp. And of course, virtual reality: "We're going to keep making big investments in VR content, and I'm excited about what's coming in 2017, from new games to more immersive educational experiences." - Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook CEO on the Q4 2016 earnings call For Microsoft (MSFT), the pivot to the cloud,continues. Its commercial cloud business, which include cloud products -- Office 365 and Azure – grew by 95% year-over-year in the most recent quarter. CEO Satya Nadella's strategic bets are paying off. Since Nadella's Feb 2014 arrival the stock's rallied 67%. Nadella's LinkedIn acquisition, further proof of his cloud-based services focus, continues integrating with the parent company with the announcement of Kevin Scott, former SVP of infrastructure at LinkedIn as its new CTO. Another nod to Nadella's sound management and stewardship of the 41-year-old American icon is his recent appointment to Starbucks' (SBUX) board of directors at a time when founder and CEO Howard Schultz is stepping away. For Amazon (AMZN): The Amazon story has not changed: CEO Jeff Bezos continues building scale into the business through aggressive investments in Video, Fulfilment, Fresh, Alexa & India expansion. In the short term this implies quarterly earnings misses while the long-term continues to brim with hope and possibility. With exposure to over a third of the world's digital customers, you'd be hard pressed to find a company with bigger ambitions. For Alphabet (GOOGL): Google's parent company is betting its future on the power of artificial intelligence. Google looks at AI to drive its search, ad and computing capabilities. This is going to have an effect on the Google experience for users: "Over time, the 10 blue search links will likely go away. That could cause a bump in the Google story in a few years, just like the shift from desktop to mobile had a near term negative impact," says Gene Munster, co-founder of Loup Ventures and a leading tech analyst. "Computing is moving from a mobile-first to AI-first with more universal ambient and intelligent computing that you can interact with naturally, all made smarter by the progress we are making with machine learning. 2016 was the year that this became central to who we are as a company and the products that we built. We had more than .350 launches powered by machine learning across areas like search, maps, messaging and Google Play." Sundar Pichai, Google CEO on the Q4 earnings call  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About TIM COOK Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 1 day ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 1 day ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 Tim Cook Tim Cook heads to the University of Glasgow to collect his honorary doctorate The Apple CEO will collect the degree before hosting a fireside chat with students By Victoria Woollaston 2 days ago By Victoria Woollaston Wednesday 8 February 2017 Apple Apple CEO Tim Cook is to receive an honorary doctorate of science from the University of Glasgow at a ceremony later today followed by a 'fireside' chat and Q&A. ADVERTISEMENT The 56-year-old will address students and staff at an event in Bute Hall from 6pm GMT and topics are likely to include Apple's focus on green energy, privacy concerns and his company's charity work. The free, hour-long event is said to have sold out within 60 minutes of going on "sale" on Eventbrite. In a post announcing the event, the university praised Cook for "the introduction of innovative new products and services" and for leading a "companywide effort to use 100 per cent renewable energy at all Apple facilities". ADVERTISEMENT In 2015, Cook ranked number one on Fortune’s World’s Greatest Leaders list, and received the Ripple of Hope award from the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights and the Visibility Award from the Human Rights Campaign. The same year, the 56-year-old became an honorary patron of Trinity College Dublin's Philosophical Society and received an honorary degree from George Washington University. He additionally has a degree in industrial engineering from Auburn University, Alabama, and an MBA from Duke University in North Carolina. Tim Cook Apple Share this article RECOMMENDED Tim Cook warns of 'dire consequences' for UK privacy Tim Cook warns of 'dire consequences' for UK privacy By Michael Rundle Technology 10 Nov 2015 Tim Cook: Apple hacking phones is software 'equivalent of cancer' Tim Cook: Apple hacking phones is software 'equivalent of cancer' By Matt Burgess Apple 25 Feb 2016 Apple's plan to win over India is all about apps Apple's plan to win over India is all about apps By Matthew Reynolds iPhone 19 May 2016 GCHQ wants to protect the UK from cyberattacks with a government firewall GCHQ wants to protect the UK from cyberattacks with a government firewall By Matthew Reynolds Hacking 14 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 5   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 2   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Clipboard01 By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Apple AirPods: Feels impressive, once you overcome the fear of losing it Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out 'Two-Step Verification' for everyone; Here is why it is important Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Analysts speculate that Apple is building ‘iPhone 8’ earlier than its normal manufacturing cycle #Apple Image: Reuters 1 By tech2 News Staff /  08 Feb 2017 , 16:22 Analysts from BlueFin Research have speculated that Apple is going to start iPhone 8 production as soon as possible. They further detailed that this is partly because of the record breaking earning of the company in the latest earnings report. Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 8 with a radical change in design and the earnings reports has given them a significant push because of the surging demand, beating the expectations by analysts. John Donovan from BlueFin Research Partners adds that despite the early start in building the smartphone, there is no information about any changes in the launch date of the smartphone. He further detailed that the company has adjusted the launch of iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone SE. Steve Mullane, another analyst from the firm gave inputs about the supply chain used by the company. He commented that there were no significant changes in the supply chain used by Apple. He further detailed that a 300 percent increase is expected in the Apple iPhone supply chain around June as the production of iPhone 8 increases. This time Apple is set to work on building and production from June, a clear deviation from the usual September timeframe for next generation iPhone. Tags: Apple, Bluefin, iPhone, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 8, IPhone X, Research, supply chain, Tim Cook Also read Apple may be asking for too much to “Make in India”: here’s why the govt needs to be smart Apple outnumbers Xiaomi in China while Oppo takes lead X Recommended For You Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out ‘Two-Step Verification’ for everyone; Here is why it is important Apple iCloud stores deleted browsing history almost indefinitely, analyst Trump immigration ban: “If we stand and say nothing, we become a part of it,” Apple CEO Tim Cook Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Charity appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle London Life How tech companies like Apple and Airbnb are leading the digital resistance against Donald Trump The President’s immigration ban has infuriated and united the giants of Silicon Valley. As Apple and Airbnb broadcast their liberal values, Richard Godwin reports on the new digital resistance Richard Godwin Wednesday 8 February 2017 11:18 GMT Click to follow ES Lifestyle Airbnb's Superbowl advert A few days after President Donald Trump signed his executive order to ban all passenger arrivals from seven majority-Muslim nations, 2,000-plus employees of Google’s parent company Alphabet staged walkouts at eight Google campuses across America. They held up signs — “Resist” “No Ban No Wall” “Make America Sane Again” — and tweeted them under the hashtag #GooglersUnite. After a while, Google’s co-founder Sergey Brin and its CEO Sundar Pichai came out to express solidarity.  “There are some values which are really near and dear to your heart,” said Pichai at the firm’s headquarters in Mountain View, California. “It’s foundational and it’s something you should never compromise on.”  He had spent the weekend contacting the firm’s 100 or so employees who were affected by the 90-day travel ban. Brin — whose parents fled Soviet autocracy when he was a boy — joined the protests at San Francisco airport.   If this was a sign that America’s leading technology firms were not going to simply put up with the Trump doctrine, Monday saw a surprise escalation. After a weekend of informal meetings, 97 leading firms — including Apple, Google, Twitter, Facebook and Netflix — filed an official legal paper opposing the immigration order at a San Francisco court. (The number of companies later rose to 127).  Read more US companies use Super Bowl adverts to take a swipe at Donald Trump In a joint statement they argued that the order violates the US Constitution and and praised the entrepreneurial spirit of immigrants: “People who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life.”  The late Steve Jobs’s father was Syrian. Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, Yahoo, Uber, eBay and Tesla were all founded by first- or second-generation immigrants. “To see all these companies working together and protesting — it’s extraordinary. But these are also extraordinary times in the US,” was the response of one veteran Silicon Valley reporter. The decision as to whether Trump’s ban is unconstitutional may now go to the Supreme Court. “Frankly, the election took a lot of people by surprise,” says Jason Suarez, a senior software engineer who works between Portland, Oregon, and the San Francisco Bay Area, when I ask him to sum up the mood in the tech community. “After the election, people were trying to look for signs to predict what would change. After the inauguration and the ban, we got confirmation of how bad it was going to be.”  Facing a tech backlash: Donald Trump (Rex Features) He suggests the tech industry is rediscovering an idealism and a sense of purpose that it may have have lost in its quest to disrupt the dry-cleaning industry, or launch ride-sharing apps for dogs. “We get into tech because we want to build a better future. That future respects individuals and believes in science.” It’s hard to quantify the ways the Trump administration threatens all that Silicon Valley holds dear. His disregard for facts is incomputable to an engineering mindset (there’s an incipient Science vs Trump movement too, coalescing around his denial of climate change). There’s the general culture clash between Trump’s conservative rural heartland and the liberal urban coasts where the tech industry is based. The President’s protectionism is anathema to companies that see themselves as global. He has ensured that no one can use the word “disrupt” in a positive sense again. Sundar Pichai Google's senior vice president has spoken out against Donald Trump (Getty Images) “The sentiment in the tech community is representative of progressive and inclusive people the world over: upset, disgusted and embarrassed yet motivated to organise for a positive and meaningful future,” says Joe McCann, CEO of Nodesource.  There’s also the pragmatic consideration that tech companies tend to make most use of the H1B visa for highly skilled immigrant workers. Jeff Sessions, Trump’s proposed Attorney General, takes a particularly dim view of this, believing it costs American jobs. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group calculates that 58 per cent of the engineers and high-skilled employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the US — for many CEOs, to lose the H1B visa would be to set fire to the entire sector.  And there is capital to be made from taking a stand too — tech CEOs haven’t been seen as the good guys for a while. During Sunday’s Super Bowl, Airbnb broadcast an explicitly pro-diversity — and implicitly anti-Trump — advert that soon went viral.  'Special relationship': Donald Trump and Theresa May hold hands 13 show all 'Special relationship': Donald Trump and Theresa May hold hands 1/13 US President Donald J. Trump holds hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May EPA 2/13 US President Donald J. Trump holds hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May EPA 3/13 US President Donald J. Trump holds hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May EPA 4/13 US President Donald J. Trump holds hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May AP 5/13 Prime Minister Theresa May and US President Donald Trump walk along the White House Colonnade PA 6/13 British Prime Minister Theresa May laughs during a news conference with President Donald Trump AP 7/13 Prime Minister Theresa May meeting US President Donald Trump in the Oval Office PA 8/13 President Donald Trump reaches out to shake hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May AP 9/13 Prime Minister Theresa May with US President Donald Trump during their joint press conference PA 10/13 Prime Minister Theresa May meeting US President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House PA 11/13 Prime Minister Theresa May meeting US President Donald Trump by a bust of Sir Winston Churchill in the Oval Office PA 12/13 Prime Minister Theresa May meeting US President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House PA 13/13 White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer posted this photo on Twitter. PA Brad Stone, author of The Upstarts (Bantam Press), a new book about AirBnB and Uber, holds that this was a smart move. “AirBnB’s customers tend to be based in cities, they lean Left, and they’re likely not to have voted for Trump — there’s not a lot of political risk for them to take a stand. It’s smart advertising.”  And of course, Trump is the world’s most famous hotelier. “He has said in the past that he doesn’t like Airbnb and wouldn’t allow it in his buildings.” (One would like to see a Trump Tower tenant test that resolve.) Still, CEOs must tread a fine line between protecting their businesses and projecting their values — a single tweet can cause serious damage. Uber’s often pugnacious CEO, Travis Kalanick, was among the elite CEOs invited on to Trump’s business advisory council earlier this year. As rumours emerged that Uber was taking advantage of the chaos around JFK airport on the first night of the travel ban protest, the hashtag #DeleteUber began to spread on social media. Celebrities such as Lena Dunham and Susan Sarandon encouraged followers to remove the ride-sharing app from their phones — even though the company had already issued a statement condemning the ban. Uber’s closest competitor, Lyft, took advantage of its rival’s adverse publicity, promising to donate $1 million to the American Civil Liberties Union.  Lena Dunham has encouraged people to delete Uber from their phones (Jamie McCarthy/Getty) The following day Kalanick came to the conclusion that even the appearance of siding with the Trump administration had a cost — and resigned from the council. “Travis was on the business council not because he supports Donald Trump, but because he has an agenda,” insists Stone. “He’s interested in infrastructure development, driverless car legislation — and he’ll need to federal government onside for those.”  Lady Gaga Super Bowl LI Half Time Show - In pictures 15 show all Lady Gaga Super Bowl LI Half Time Show - In pictures 1/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Christopher Polk/Getty Images 2/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Tom Pennington/Getty Images 3/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images 4/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Patrick Smith/Getty Images 5/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Christopher Polk/Getty Images 6/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Patrick Smith/Getty Images 7/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Tannen Maury/EPA 8/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Erik S.Lesser/EPA 9/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Christopher Polk/Getty Images 10/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Larry W.Smith/EPA 11/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Patrick Smith/Getty Images 12/15 Lady Gaga sang a medley of her hits including Poker Face,Just Dance and The Edge of Glory Patrick Smith/Getty Images 13/15 She descended from the stadium roof before performing her hits Ezra Shaw/Getty Images 14/15 Lady Gaga captivated the crowd with an incredible half time show Getty Images 15/15 Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium Patrick Semansky/AP According to reports from inside the White House, Kalanick’s phone call with Trump was not cordial. The view from Trump’s inner circle was: “If you want to cut off your access to the White House, f*** you,” according to Axios.com. “It’s interesting how none of the other CEOs on the council paid the political price that he paid,” notes Stone. Elon Musk, the much-fabled CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, remains on the council but hasn’t drawn anything like the same criticism.  Matt Hirst, a British ex-Google employee who’s now a partner at San Francisco technology consultancy West, is heartened by the activity. “For the first time in their entire history, the CEOs of well-known brands are having to take a political stand — and it’s been great to see,” he says. “It’s helping a lot of people here understand politics and clarify their moral compass.”  Apple CEO Tim Cook says Apple would not exist without immigration (Getty Images) However, he stresses the real groundswell is coming from their workers, just as back in November it was a “secret” task force of Facebook employees who challenged CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s official line that “fake news” didn’t affect the election.  “As soon as Trump got in there was a lot of regrouping within companies. All of the employees were asking: ‘What are we going to do about this?’,” says Hirst. Google employees are famously granted 20 per cent of their time to pursue their own projects; he says a lot of his old colleagues are now devoting theirs to political organisation: “There’s a highly democratic spirit at Google. You have these hugely bright people from all over the world whose aim it is to come up with interesting ideas.”  Read more Kanye West deletes all Donald Trump posts from his Twitter account And in many cases it’s the skilled workers — engineers, coders, designers — who are often recent immigrants, who hold the balance of power. Suarez coded a quick website — wheredotheystand ontheban.info — to provide an easy way of identifying which companies are opposing the ban. “Tech companies need to know that employees and prospective employees are watching and can see how they choose to respond,” he explains. “Competition for software engineering skills is tough. I receive multiple unsolicited contacts from recruiters for major tech companies every week — and so do all of my colleagues. If companies don’t represent workers’ values and aren’t willing to protect their workers, they will take notice. Since the election, many people, not just those in tech, are re-evaluating how their work affects society and asking how they can bring the work more in line with their values.” Still, Hirst feels that the real battles may be yet to come. Another looming concern is “net neutrality”, a principle introduced in 2015 by the Obama administration. Currently, all internet service providers are required to allow access to all content at the same speed. Trump’s new head of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai, would like to overturn this ruling — and he’s already cancelled a scheme that would have provided high-speed broadband to low-income families.  On issues such as corporate tax and cash repatriation, the big tech firms may find Trump more in line with their thinking. These are America’s biggest companies, owned by America’s richest men, and they do have shareholders to appease. At which point the tech giants may not get to play the good guys.  “At the end of the day, technology isn’t the problem,” says Hirst. “It’s about how we manage the relentless march forward. All of these businesses need to start thinking about how they can actually start making the world a better place, as it’s not part of the game plans of a lot of the businesses at the moment.” Follow Richard Godwin on Twitter: @richardjgodwin More about: Donald Trump Airbnb Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
