Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News iPhone iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Reportedly Making Upcoming iPhone More Water and Dust Resistant By John Solinap on January 15 2017 02:32 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email The Apple iPhone 8 is certainly the next major smartphone for Apple this year. The Cupertino-based tech giant had a successful launch for the iPhone 7 in 2016. This time around it is hoping the next generation of the smartphone will do even better. The company is certainly doing its part by adding great features to the upcoming smartphone. The recent iPhone 8 rumors reveal that Apple is reportedly going to make this year’s iPhone more water and dust resistant. Water and dust resistant smartphones have become more and more common over the past couple of years. Before, it was only the special phones such as the “Active” version of the Galaxy S series that was waterproof and dustproof. But now, even the flagship smartphones are getting this feature. Apple joined in on the action last year by making the iPhone 7 water and dust proof. It was the first time ever that the company had used this feature. It appears that it will not be the last either. iPhone 8 Rumors According to Forbes, several sources have confirmed that the iPhone 8 will have upgraded IP68 water and dust resistance. This means that not only will Apple continue to use the feature in this year’s iPhone, it will improve it even further. The improvement in the IP68 water resistance ratings mean the iPhone 8 could withstand being submerged in up to 1.5 meters of water for a period of 30 minutes. This is definitely a huge boost in features that iPhone 8 users will enjoy. Being able to use the iPhone underwater can give users a lot more flexibility with their phones. They can use it to take pictures while swimming and they can even use apps while they are in the pool. This is certainly only one of the features which Apple is going to add to the iPhone 8. Be sure to watch out for more news and updates on the latest iPhone 8 rumors as well as on the other trending topics in the world of tech. Read Also: Apple iPhone 8 Ditching Metal Unibody Design, Will it Be Better Than the iPhone 7?   Related Items:Apple iPhone 8 Rumors, iPhone 8 Leaks, iPhone 8 Rumors, iPhone 8 specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple iPhone 8 Ditching Metal Unibody Design, Will it Be Better Than the iPhone 7? Apple iPhone 8 Expected to Break Sales Records According to Early Predictions Apple iPhone 8 to Have a Fast Charging Feature About the author John Solinap John is a writer for TheBitBag.com. Being a tech and gadget junkie, he enjoys reading about the latest news and updates in the world of computers and technology. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist HoudahGeo 5.1.5 Typinator 7.1 OmniFocus 2.8 Default Folder X 5.1.2 SEE Finance 1.1.2 ChronoSync 4.7.2 HandBrake 1.0.1 GraphicConverter 10.3 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1 LaunchBar 6.8     Published in TidBITS 1351. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. CES 2017: Tech Trends to Watch CES 2017: Cool Products from CES Unveiled CES 2017: Gizmos from the PEPCOM Digital Experience CES 2017: From Laundry to Play-Doh at Showstoppers TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 9 January 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Opinion | 07 Jan 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (73) Tell Us Your Mac Automation Stories by Adam C. Engst The news that Apple had laid off Sal Soghoian, who has been a fixture in the world of scripting and automation for decades, hit hard at MacTech Conference back in November. Although Sal hasn’t been making as many public appearances as he used to in the days of Macworld Expo, his indefatigable efforts to promote user automation inside and outside Apple have had wide-ranging impact. Sal worked tirelessly within Apple to encourage support for AppleScript and Automator (among much else), and to ensure that Apple apps provided the necessary scripting dictionaries and Automator actions. He was long a champion for the user, believing that users know best what they need to do and that automation technologies were essential for enabling users to create and streamline their own workflows. What should we make of Sal leaving? Apple didn’t lay him off specifically, it instead eliminated the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies. It’s my understanding that multiple groups within Apple wanted to hire Sal afterward, but Apple was under some sort of hiring freeze that prevented him from migrating within the company. So it doesn’t look as though Apple was trying to get rid of Sal personally, which is good. What’s less good is that it would appear that Apple doesn’t see the need for having a position that evangelizes user automation. A 9to5Mac reader sent email to Craig Federighi, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, to ask that Apple not kill AppleScript and Automator, and was told “We have every intent to continue our support for the great automation technologies in macOS!” Federighi’s response prompts the question of whether Apple’s future actions will bear out his statement. It may be overreaching to read too much into his precise words, but “intent” is an aim or a plan, not a guarantee. And “support” can mean “maintenance mode” rather than “advancing the state of the art.” Regardless, eliminating Sal’s position isn’t a step in the right direction. Sure, Apple could have plans to replace AppleScript and Automator with super secret magic unicorn technologies, but based purely on what the company has done and said, it’s hard to believe that. It wasn’t always like this. The reason AppleScript survived the purge of products and technologies after Steve Jobs returned was that Jobs understood the importance of automation to key Apple markets, like publishing, finance, and TV and film, not to mention the enterprise and IT worlds. These industries live and die by custom workflows based on AppleScript and other automation technologies built deep into macOS. Jobs personally approved the inclusion of Automator in OS X, and he enabled and supported adding AppleScript as a development language to Xcode. And it was because of his support that Apple’s automation team went on to develop AppleScript/Objective-C, script libraries, and JavaScript for Automation. But the Apple of today is an entirely different company, focusing as it does on the iPhone and iOS. Even so, it’s obvious to anyone who uses iOS that there is still an important role for automation. I can tell Siri to “Change ‘Floating’ to 8 AM” to adjust the time of my wake-up alarm, but I have no way to automate the five taps necessary to play the audiobook we listen to every night in the Hoopla digital library app. Five wasted taps every night isn’t the end of the world, but if you can’t automate the little stuff, you certainly can’t automate the big stuff. If Apple’s seeming indifference toward automation worries you because you rely on scripts, macros, workflows, and more to get your work done quickly, effectively, and accurately, here’s what I’d like you to do. Leave a comment on this article outlining how you depend on Mac automation tools in your job. If there are too many examples to fit in a single comment, just focus on those that are the most important to you. I’ll compile all the comments and publish them as a future article, and I’ll also send a copy to Craig Federighi and Apple CEO Tim Cook so they see concrete examples of why we need these automation technologies to continue to evolve. To kick things off, here’s my most important bit of automation. When it comes time to publish a new or updated Take Control title, I start with three versions of the book: a PDF, an EPUB, and Mobipocket file. A copy of each must be stored in several locations on our internal file server and uploaded both to our Web server and to Amazon S3. Plus, the uploaded versions must be renamed precisely according to an algorithm that’s replicated on our server, so the site can update itself and serve the correct files based on the presence of properly named uploads in the right directories. When I used to do this by hand, it took 15–20 minutes, and I ran the risk of renaming a file incorrectly or uploading to the wrong directory. (And making a mistake meant that I had to spend even more time figuring out what I’d done wrong and fixing it.) Now that I have a series of Automator workflows performing these tasks for me, it takes me just seconds to initiate the uploads, and there are never any errors. So that’s my automation story — tell us yours! Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Take Control of Automating Your Mac If you use copy and paste, you’re taking advantage of an important shortcut. But did you realize that the Mac offers dozens of shortcuts that make tedious tasks quick, accurate, and repeatable? Author Joe Kissell reveals OS X’s many shortcuts and examines the utilities that go further, offering concrete examples and long lists of possibilities.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Tell Us Your Mac Automation Stories To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s elimination of the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies a few months ago cast a pall over the future of automation at Apple. Adam explains what happened, his worry about Apple’s commitment to automation, and what you can do to express your concerns. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Wooster  2017-01-09 14:00 Automator is one of my favorite Utility Apps. It's just pure magic how I can get first and third party apps to collaborate to do just about anything. For instance, I can have the Finder duplicate/rename 300 screenshots, send them to Pixelmator to crop, and then Transmit to upload to my server. It's just a pain in the neck to do it by hand and honestly, it's nothing short of magical having all these apps work together to complete my task for me. Reply Tommy Weir  2017-01-09 14:05 I have a custom naming approach for all files on my system. And every year, they are sorted into relevant groups and archived off using the automator actions which the developers of DevonThink Office Pro provide. It's a simple thing, a folder is monitored, files are imported and tagged. But the knowledge that the organisation is done and it's consistent year in and year out. I can't tell you what that means for my peace of mind in my business. 2. My son uses folder actions all the time, resizing images, converting and renaming them for different use cases, it's like his party trick for employers while he's studying in Boston College. 3. I use a combination of Automator, Hazel and Keyboard Maestro together with some scripts I picked up online to keep my computer organised. These various tools move files around to their rightful folders, rename files to my standardised system, save email attachments and move them to the right folders, clear up strays that land here or there, archive off application installers and delete old files that are backed up and not in use for some time. Reply Chuck Shotton  2017-01-09 15:03 Well, in a nutshell, most of the Web industry on Mac OS in the early days of the Internet would not have existed if not for Sal's work with AppleScript, AppleEvents, scriptability/recordability of applications, AppleEvent Dictionaries, the Script Editor, and the concept of scripts as runnable applications. Every external extension created for MacHTTP or WebSTAR, Userland Frontier, and all of the other HTTP servers on the Mac depended exclusively on these technologies. It was how applications talked. It's still how they should talk, but Apple (NeXT) seems to have never embraced it as they should have. Even the newest incarnation of MacHTTP, MacHTTP-js, depends on a slew of AppleEvents to do its job. Let's hope this great legacy isn't lost just because it doesn't work on iOS... Reply Anthony Reimer  2017-01-09 15:39 I use AppleScript and Automator for automating actions in the Finder. Some common things I have created that I use at work: • Clean the desktop of shared computers. • Automate server connections. • Take any downloaded dmgs and move them to an Installers folder automatically (using Folder Actions). • A service that opens the current URL in a specific browser (e.g., if a page needs Flash, open it in Chrome). I also use it as an integral tool to integrate with FileMaker Pro. (e.g., export text data from FileMaker to a file, have BBEdit clean it up, then upload that edited file to a web site using Fetch — AppleScript + FileMaker scripting can make this a single step for the user). The Mac Admin community is all about automation for both the efficiency that comes from it and the consistency of result. While Python and shell scripting are core to that automation, I know I still put Automator and AppleScript to use on a regular basis. Reply Anonymous   2017-01-09 15:51 For 16 years now approximately 15 times a year I do financials based on a series of companies. The workflow I've created reduces 21 pages of reports to a readable 4 and about 90 minutes of my time to 20. That's roughly 16 * 15 * (90-20) = 16,800 minutes or 280 hours or 35 work days or 6 work weeks of my life. That's time with family, time doing other work things, time that I am not simply throwing down the hole of clicks and points. Thank you for HyperCard, AppleScript, Automator and anything else Apple can provide to give me more time! Reply Paul Ellis  2017-01-09 16:21 Which Mac automation stories? Back in the day, when I regularly had tasks that merited automation, I used QuickKeys. Nowadays I use Hazel for the few regular automated file-handling tasks I have. I've found that on those comparatively rare occasions when I have a repetitive task that could do with automating, Automator invariably lets me down. It's quicker to complete the task manually rather than trying to bully Automator into action. Here's an example: automating iTunes playback. I leave iTunes running when away from my house for an extended period, to stop the place appearing to be empty. A few years ago I spent a couple of hours figuring out how to use Calendar to automate playback, but then found the Calendar events I created didn't 'travel', but had to be created afresh every day. I can no longer be bothered with this palaver: I simply remote in with Teamviewer and manually toggle playback. Welcome to C21 Mac automation, conspicuously lacking in usability and utility. Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-09 16:33 One of the hardest things with automation is picking the right tool. For what you describe, I'd use Keyboard Maestro, which can really easily play random music from iTunes at specific times. Reply Rob Wells  2017-01-09 17:31 I work at a small newspaper and we depend on AppleScript. The most important is one AppleScript that creates working pages from a master InDesign file. It applies the right styles, sets the date of the edition on each page, sets the page numbers and saves a copy to disk with an appropriate, dated filename. This was written almost 5 years ago and has prevented many mistakes, not least with incorrect dates going to print! Previously staff would duplicate an old page — risky for many reasons. On the other end, we use AppleScript to reliably produce the PDF files for use by our printers, custom settings and all. Other things we’ve done with AppleScript include scripting BBEdit to fix common mistakes in stories, retrieving and setting weather forecasts, TV listings, football fixtures & scores, creating the barcode (and checking it is correct — an occasionally major problem before). Newer stuff is often in Python but with an AppleScript interface. Code here: https://github.com/ppps Reply Rob Wells  2017-01-09 17:21 Oh, and that's just AppleScript. There's all sorts of stuff we do with Hazel and Python scripts run as LaunchAgents (through Lingon). Our newsroom is an all-Mac office and on occasion in the past a member of staff has suggested buying cheaper Windows machines. Alongside the longevity of Macs (most of ours are almost 10 years old), automation is always the big reason I give for why we would be worse off. My understanding is that bigger newspapers have software written for them to handle this stuff, which we could never afford. Mac automation technologies have enabled us to do it ourselves in-house. Reply Mike Warren  2017-01-09 17:57 I'm so old I remember when the whole reason for having a computer was automation . I consider AppleScript a programming language. I've created programs for record keeping, budgeting, a foreign language dictionary, flash cards. I use AppleScript for a daily email message to my partner (it pulls info from flat-file databases, Calendar.app; assembles a message, sends it via Mail.app, saves it as my Safari home page.) I have so many little scripts and Keyboard Maestro routines that I feel hopeless when I have to use someone else's Mac. Reply Daniel  2017-01-09 18:00 Keyboard Maestro, with an accompanying mix of Apple Script and shell scripts, is a wonderful glue for web applications with lacking APIs. After a recent migration between institutional repositories (for academic publishing) hundreds of full text files where missing because of a bug in the new systems import script. There were no APIs for uploading new files to existing records in the system, and some manual steps were required in the upload form, but the automation tools allowed me to reduce each process from maybe 30 error prone clicks in both of the applications and Finder to about three clicks per record. It saved me several hours of tedious work. Reply Daniel  2017-01-09 18:12 Another error in the same migration required me to verify the order of attached files in both of the systems, also for a few hundred items. By automation I could with a single keyboard shortcut navigate to the next item in a list of IDs, find the record in both of the systems, then open all attachments in order in new windows and tile them on the screen in two columns allowing me to see differences at a glance. If in order, a new click got me to the next item, else I could handle the error before moving on. Reply Thomas Tempelmann  2017-01-09 18:54 As a developer (for apps such as Find Any File, iClip and iBored), I recently have started using Automator and AppleScript to assist my customers when they have some technical troubles and are not too computer-savvy. I have scripts to collect files I need to look at, fetch system information, email them to me, or copy, move and delete files to fix some of their setups. And just the other day I used AppleScript to verify a slow memory leak in one of my apps, which required 1000s of mouse moves. With AppleScript, it took me 15 minutes to write the code, then have it perform its task for about one hour to cause the issue that otherwise took users days or even weeks to run into. A few hours later, and I managed to identify and fix one of the most obscure bugs I had for a long time in my app. Also, I'm happy to have spent the money on Script Debugger, which makes writing AppleScripts much less of a pain, indeed :) Reply gastropod  2017-01-09 19:43 Currently my main automation use is somewhat indirect. To tolerate Mail.app at all, I've found Mail Tags and Mail Act-on to be indispensable. They do a lot of automating for me by greatly expanding the filter tests and actions available, and by allowing for single key actions such as moving selected messages to a folder without having to drag through the folder tree. Since I run a majordomo server and several mailing lists, intricate mail sorting is a lifesaver. In the past, I used Quickkeys to remap the keyboard and add macros to music software such as Finale. Saved me hours a week and a lot of frustration. I'm planning to dive into Keyboard Maestro soon, partly to improve the modern Finder window handling train wreck. which costs me at least an hour a week in getting windows back where they're supposed to be. Reply gastropod  2017-01-12 22:21 I entirely forgot the services I created with Automator a few years ago to do routine exif handling. Automator calls on exiftool to show all metadata in BBEdit, strip all metadata, strip all but a few exif/iptc fields, alter GPS data, etc. Not only do they save some effort when used, they save the time it takes to periodically check the exiftool docs, since it has so many options I can never remember them. It's also much easier than the command line to do things to an ad hoc file selection. Reply Naomi Pearce  2017-01-09 19:49 Early in the days of Automator, Sal made a comment, something about it changing the way applications work together where you don’t have to learn the application, just find the action for the feature you want it to do. I looked at him sideways and thought, “yeah, right, okay buddy.” Some time later, I had worked on a proposal for several days (days because it involved a fair amount of PR-101 that had been requested), finished it, print-to-.pdf and sent it off. I followed up on it the next day and Andy Taylor of MacSpeech, Inc. said “well, yes, he’d received the Executive Summary and looked forward to the rest of it.” Wait, what?! Print-to-.pdf was something one took for granted, particularly from Word, and I opened the document and sure enough, it had not printed the whole document to .pdf, just the first page. I could get it to print page 1, or print from page 2-on, but not the whole document. Minutes were ticking by, and panic ensued. I was screwed. Or was I? I remembered what Sal had said about Automator and fired it up. I clicked on “workflow” to create a workflow. I used the search and found an action to combine PDF pages and dragged it over. Clearly, it needed to know what PDF pages to use to combine, so I found an action to Get Specified Finder Items and dragged it on top to make that happen first. Then I found an action to open the result up so I could see it (open finder items, I think it was called), and dragged that action below Combine PDF Pages. That’s all I could think of needing to do, so I dragged the page-1-only document and page-2-on document into the first action, and hit run. No more than 15 minutes after I first thought “what?!”→ just like magic → problem solved. And I never learned the applications, just found the actions for what I wanted to do. I’ll be darned. Wow! Only on a Mac. Reply Walt Jump  2017-01-09 20:21 I use Automator to routinely download specific files from government databases, rename them, and move them to specific folders for use by my FileMaker databases. This saves me at least 1-2 hours a day. I also use a program by someone who accesses the PTO databases and provides one file for data obtained from multiple databases by the use of Apple script and Automator. Reply Douglas Mobley   2017-01-09 21:08 The museum where I volunteer has a project to digitize old newspapers to aid the searching of them. The workflow, in simplistic terms, consists of photographing each page, processing the pages through Photoshop, and finally OCRing the images into newspaper issues. I had been using Photoshop actions to automate one step of the process but I was able to improve my productivity (measured as pages per hour completed) by more than 50% in the last year, using AppleScript to automate the workflow. Creation of folders and renaming of files is handled by Applescript control of Finder, and the processing of the page images through Photoshop is handled with AppleScript. I have used Automator to record and then understand what system events to include in my Applescript. Reply valm1  2017-01-09 21:10 The ability to adjust things in order for them to suit your needs is a first requirement for computers. That is why I liked Apple from the 1980s, and that is why I stopped using them 20 years later. I still have an iPad, but only two, maybe three apps are actually very useful. The rest is either buggy, full with ads or just plane useless. And the user cannot do a thing about it, unless you jailbreak the thing. No updates for individual apps either, so we are stuck with a buggy iOS emailer. I have never lost so many emails - many days of work. Never been so disappointed with Apple - a total waste of money and, especially, of my time. Reply Jeff Porten   2017-01-09 21:23 I think I've been writing AppleScripts for as long as the language has existed, and I've done a great deal of professional consulting doing one-off AppleScripts for my clients. I'd be lost without it. Most common use cases: 1) an AppleScript that cleans up and organizes my Desktop icons according to a custom grid, grouping them by color tag. 2) a randomizer selection when I have a group of files to read or movies to watch, picks "some item in the current folder". 3) any application missing a keystroke; i.e., I have dozens of one-line AppleScripts mapped to Quicksilver launch keys, so I can hit control-command-3 and label a Finder item yellow. (Then there's "comment and label yellow", which uses the yellow label to remind me that an item has a Finder comment.) Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-09 23:16 I've used Macs since 1986, and our family has owned more than 15, along with assorted iPods and iPhones. With Apple's recent neglect of the Mac lineup, AppleScript is pretty much my last remaining reason for staying loyal: if they take that away, there's little reason for me to stay on the reservation. And if my computer isn't a Mac, there's not much reason for my next phone to be an iPhone. I have a fairly elaborate Home Automation system that is totally based on AppleScript and the XTension program. I love how it makes it easy to control and modify the behavior of the system. I've thought for years that an enhanced version of Automator could finally—finally!—make Home Automation accessible by mere mortals. In my opinion this is a gigantic missed opportunity for Apple. I'm frankly very worried. There are so many signs that Apple has lost its soul chasing shiny iObjects. Reply chrischram@gmail.com  2017-01-09 23:23 I have several Photos libraries on two different disks. I use an Automator app, with a bit of embedded AppleScript, to wrangle these libraries and let me select which one to open. I use AppleScript to collect the data from my weather station and upload it to my web space. It's more reliable than the software that came with the station. I also use AppleScript to massage the weather data and import it to a Numbers spreadsheet. Reply Jake  2017-01-09 23:47 I book several music venues in NYC. I book 100-200 acts per month. I rely heavily on automation, mostly with Keyboard Maestro, AppleScript, a bit of automator, TextExpander, and now also with Better Touch Tool to create app-specific touchbar buttons which trigger my applescripts. For those in doubt about the touchbar, I find it to be the best tool Apple has come out with in years. It's an amazing launcher for all my macros, and I have MANY. It's very powerful! I have actions that add confirmed events to the calendar (BusyCal), send confirmation emails at specific dates/times (much of which is because of a powerful CLI utility called iCalBuddy), resize and reformat images automatically, update web calendars with band descriptions, pictures, links, etc...basically everything I do relies on Mac automation in one form or another. It literally turns hours of work into minutes and allows more music to happen in New York. For me, automation is the best part of using a Mac! Reply Firitia  2017-01-10 01:21 Making netboot images requires automater (or system imaging utility which is just a shell around it). Over history the reability of it has been dubious. In 10.12.2 it is not working: the image source (sierra installer) cannot be found, even if you manually select it. In 10.12.1 it could be found, but the programm crashed anyway when trying to make the image. In 10.12.0 it was working. In 10.11.5 also. But it crashed in 10.11.4, 10.11.3, 10.11.2. Working in 10.11.1 and 10.11.0, but not 10.9.5, and so forth with the ups and downs into the times of the past. (Perhaps I mistake some version numbers, and with some versions it appeared to work on one but not on another computer, but the general idea remains.) In addition to that, when you save a workflow for next time, that next time trying opening it either opens, or it does not at all, or it just crashes the program. Reply Jon Gotow  2017-01-10 00:37 Another developer chiming in here (I'm the author of Default Folder X, App Tamer, Jettison, HistoryHound, and a bunch of other stuff going back nearly 30 years). I use AppleScript in 3 primary ways: 1. For automating processes in my own business, including email parsing and message handling, and software development and testing. 2. For customer support, sending AppleScript applets to customers to help them fix problems or collect debugging information. Having someone run an AppleScript is far more reliable than trying to walk them through a set of steps. 3. Integrating my software with other developers' products. As an example, Default Folder X can detect when Path Finder, a popular Finder substitute, is running and ask it to perform various tasks instead of the Finder - which is exactly what Path Finder users want it to do. That wouldn't be possible (or would be much harder) without AppleScript. Reply DeeAnne Lau  2017-01-10 00:52 AppleScript is used in many of the programs that I use! I am really appalled. I use it to tailor my spam controller program, SpamSieve. I have a Repetitive Motion Injury plus a pinched nerve in my neck. Being able to use scripts to control the Finder or web actions have saved me from much pain. I use A Better Finder Rename applets and use Automator to make contextual services that can be triggered by keystrokes. I use Script Debugger, also, to help me understand the underlying aspects of scripts as I compile them and look for problems. I still rely on some of Dougs Applescripts for iTunes to do things in that (frustrating) program. I use Hazel to manage organization of my downloads and printer folders. I am retired, but I still use my Mac for financial management, communications, learning, and recreation. I rely a lot on AppleScript and Automator. Reply paule  2017-01-10 01:16 I use automator to do mass re-namings of files of photos I take for my son's football team. I estimated once that using automator saves me about 45 minutes per week -- and reduces the error count to zero. Over 14 rounds of footy, that's nearly 11 hours of saved effort. I know I could write a shell script to do the same thing, but Automator makes it easy for me to do (it's been over a decade since I last wrote a shell script!) Reply Felix Deimel  2017-01-10 04:21 I'm using parts of AppleScript to allow users of my professional remote management app, Royal TSX to automate keyboard input. This can range from having a password automatically entered to complex scripts that inject values from their associated connections or credentials. The 10.12.2 update made this completely unreliable as uppercase characters or special characters appearing anywhere in the text can completely mess up the casing. Sometimes it's correct, but it's completely unpredictable and the frequency of errors is very high. I've posted a radar and TSI about this but have yet to hear back from Apple. Here's a copy of the bug report: https://openradar.appspot.com/29182929. One of my customers posted a +1 kind of radar for this here: https://openradar.appspot.com/29825727 If anyone around here is affected by this as well I'd appreciate you "duplicating" my radar. Coincidentally this bug started to appear just around the time Sal left. Make of that what you will... Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-01-10 06:03 I am not a coder. I know of the existence of Automator, Applescript, javascript, shell scripts and other bizarre animals but am not knowledgeable at writing them. But I find using them to be useful, fun and good for my marriage. When I decided to also implement bootable clones for backup, I attached all clones to my wife's iMac and cloning is done from my MacBook Pro by authenticated traffic. This gives comfort and protection against ransomware affecting the MacBook Pro. I had disks mounted and making noise all day. My wife rightfully pointed to noise and energy bill: a perspective for divorce. But my MacBook Pro's clones are all sitting attached to the iMac, away from CCC and its easy to use automation tools. So I found on the internet "Mount" and "Eject" Applescripts, adapted them to my needs and, to trigger them, use a timer software (Task Till Dawn). Thus these drives are only mounted and doing noise one hour per day, around midnight. Marriage saved ! Thank you Applescript ! Reply Andy Lietz  2017-01-10 08:07 We're a prepress and printing house and we use AppleScript all the time to automatically typeset and alter layouts in InDesign with data from Excel and FileMaker. AppleScript is the "glue" that binds it all together and one of the major reasons we're on the Mac. But as a programming language, AppleScript feels more and more old-fashioned now compared to, say, Python or Ruby. I've met Sal at MacWorld and especially admire him for persuading Adobe to put good AppleScript support into InDesign. It's very sad to see him (and, it seems, Apple's support for automation) leave the company. Reply Bill Cheeseman  2017-01-10 08:26 I was a trial lawyer specializing in major environmental, financial and intellectual property litigation in a large law firm. I used AppleScript regularly to assemble relevant information from a variety of sources and organize it in complex, standardized spreadsheets for analysis, giving me a major advantage over my opponents. Reply Kimball Kramer   2017-01-10 08:53 I am a keyboard person. I have over 200 services/workflows with keyboard shortcuts that open web sites, open applications, open documents that I use & reuse, open windows, an replace menubar clcks, and more. In a more limited way I also use both QuicKeys and iKey. Reply Charles Butcher  2017-01-10 09:26 For me, AppleScript as a way for non-programmers to tie applications together is probably the most important differentiator for MacOS. I've been loyal to Apple since my first Quadra 800, but if they abandon AppleScript I'll probably move to Windows or plain UNIX. I run my freelance business on FileMaker Pro. AppleScript lets me create calendar events and to-dos straight from FileMaker, use BBEdit to clean up text from within another application, scan and OCR documents straight to DEVONthink, and a host of other small tasks that over the years must have saved me many hundreds of hours. Sure, AppleScript can be a pain to write, and I've never got on with Automator. But the fact that so many apps support AppleScript, even if only in limited or idiosyncratic ways, is a real achievement. People say the Mac has been "dumbed down"; I've been OK with this so far, but losing AppleScript would be a big blow to professionals. Reply John Cooper  2017-01-10 09:47 I use Keyboard Maestro for window management, application launching, and text expansion, and A Better File Rename for mass renaming of files. I probably use automation a lot less than I could, but if Keyboard Maestro in particular were to go away (because the technology underlying in becomes unavailable), that might be the nail in the coffin for my use of the Mac, frankly. Reply Frank Remsen  2017-01-10 09:55 I have built a few amazing scripts to automate a lot of my InDesign work, which helps me separate my design files to PDF and then upload them via transmit to an FTP server. I have many more scripts that help me post content to my blog via Applescript automatically while I sleep. I have scripts that create tags for t-shirts I create and sell online. I have finder folder creators built from Applescript. Applescript is an indispensable technology and it needs to stay in the Mac OS. I have also created a petition to save Applescript at https://www.change.org/p/apple-keep-mac-user-automation-such-as-applescript-automator-in-mac-os-x?source_location=topic_page Reply David  2017-01-10 10:01 I’ve been using AppleScript to automate all sort of things for a very long time. I am in academia, so I’ve mostly developed scripts to automate or help with my teaching and with my record keeping. Initially with Excel, I’ve created a script that would create an Excel spreadsheet formatted and with all the formulas to compute grades putting the precise dates I would teach excluding the holidays. And this would be created by me just copying the webpage where the roster of students for the course is. Then, to take attendance I would use a script that would prompt me with the student name and I would just say “present” or “not here” to have the appropriate mark entered in the sheet (“P” or “A”). Macs had the ability to work with voice command I believe since v 7.5 (my earliest Mac OS version) via the SpeechRecognitionServer. Same thing wold work for entering grades (my office mate decided on a Mac after witnessing me doing both the grades and attendance). After that, I would create from each of my student a web page with his/hers record. I could have 1 or 1000 students and the pages would be created in a flash. I would ftp ( using the Terminal app) to my site and name every file according to their location. Then, to enter grades in the (brain dead) software the College uses to get student grade, AppleScript with Safari and Javascript and I automatically put grades attendance status and last class attended by having an AppleScript that reads the Excel or Number (the one I prefer) spreadsheet data. At the college, at one point the Math Department was creating final exams for remedial level Math courses by getting questions from a 2000+ problems from a MS Word document. This document was divided in various sections. These exams were made by randomly selecting one question from each section. It was a long and laborious process. I was asked to help and from then on we would get all (7 per semester) exams created in less than a minute. They would come already formatted ready for printing. Using Smile, from Satimage (Satimage.fr an AppleScript based developer tool) I have created various QT movies that helped me with teaching, Pre-Calculus trigonometry, Calculus differentiation and integration, statistics distribution, etc. I have created Mathematical libraries for all kinds of Mathematics operations, including Matrix algebra and Statistics Library to help me teach Statistics (much faster and easier to access than R or other scientific software). Using AppleScript and a Mac Mini server Apple could easily disrupt the Education Market by simplifying everyone’s life. It would be cheaper and error free, very likely also more secure and private, without violating any law (FERPA). But hey, who wants to make a ton of money anyway? I’ve created an (AppleScript) app that everyday puts the APOD (apod.nasa.gov) as a background picture of my desktops (I’ve many). I’ve created a script that would search and display the lyrics of the current iTunes song. I use AppleScript to organize my folders, I use AppleScript to apply rules to my incoming Mail. I use AppleScript to generate and save passwords. I use AppleScript… Yes, I would say that Mac automation is the single most important reason I use Macs (actually, now most of my extended family uses Mac because of me). So, yes, Apple should support Mac Automation, because each automation user implies in many others that follows. Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:23 How did you manage to beat the 1000 character limit? Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-10 16:34 Good question! :-) The only way I know of to do it is to be a logged-in TidBITS member, at which point you get up to 5000 characters. http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html Reply rufus  2017-01-10 10:04 I am an avid home personal weather hobbyist. The weathercat Macintosh software I, and thousands of others, use has many Apple scripts built into it. Many of us write scripts to enhance automated transmission of weather data to 8 international weather gathering organizations, including the National weather service. Other Macintosh weather software also uses Apple scripts to enhance their products. Apple prides itself in being user customizable. Automator and scripts are the main reason this is possible. Reply Mark Bernstein   2017-01-10 10:30 As a software designer, I rely every day on complex, scripted behaviors that coordinate multiple applications. Reply Sam  2017-01-10 10:41 Removing Automation's manager is just another wrong step Apple is taking away from workplace computing and toward entertainment computing. What's with eliminating the software to enable an attached modem in sierra. Dailing the phone is the whole reason I got a Mac in the first place. Reply Rob  2017-01-10 10:48 I use Automator, and especially folder actions, a lot. It enables me to add batch capabilities to Photos, and extend its usefulness now that it is surplanting Aperture. I also use scripts to organize email. But much of my automation is now done with IFTTT...I find it amazing (and so, so sad) that while that is growing Apple is apparently headed in the other direction. And it works particularly well with smart home stuff and Echo. Reply Sam Reichberg  2017-01-10 11:36 Sorry, but "hiring freeze" sounds like BS, coming from the most valuable company in the universe and affecting one of its most valuable members. It sounds more like the work of an efficiency expert accountant lurking in the background. Axing automator does not seem just like an isolated incident. It probably reflects the strategic view that Apple computers (including smartphones and tablets) should serve a menu of isolated self-sufficient apps (except for Apple's own apps, of cour$e). Nothing can be further from truth. Switching among multiple apps does not just requires a bunch of extra clicks. Cumulatively it is debilitating and interferes with even the desire to use the appliances. The approach should be just the opposite: make multi-app automation easy and use will skyrocket. Reply Gavin Eadie  2017-01-10 12:25 Wow! A lot of responses, maybe mine's already in there but .. I use AppleScripts for various Finder conveniences. One I rely on daily creates a alias, on the Desktop, to a new folder created in Dropbox every midnight. The folder is named for the date and each day I drop any new material I want to keep into that "today" folder. The script is kicked off by launchd at midnight (+1 minute) and every time I log in. It's not a big deal but I suspect I wouldn't have the personal rigor to do this manually every day. Having set this up fourteen years ago (Dropbox added more recently), I rely on its convenience and the historical record it provides. Reply Aaron Priven  2017-01-10 13:30 Without automation, we couldn't do all kinds of the work we do at AC Transit creating bus stop signs and schedules. Having said that, I would love to stop using Applescript and use either Adobe's Javascript implementation, where we're just scripting Adobe apps, or Apple's Javascript for Applications, where we're also scripting other apps. Applescript, the language (as opposed to AppleEvents and the other underlying technologies), is really hard to work with. Reply Polly  2017-01-10 15:27 I used to use Applescript plus Extra Script to control the mouse by voice. I could single-, double-, and right-click without touching the mouse. Helpful when your arms ache! Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:25 I think it is a fool's errand to address any comments to current Apple Management. From their actions alone, Occam's Razor suggests that they are phasing out the Mac and OS X no matter what they say. The writing is on the wall. That being said, Applescript is one of the main reasons I own a Mac. I have written hundreds of scripts to make my life easier. Two I would pick to highlight are a Software Marketing and Tracking System and a Dead Man Monitoring System. The Software Marketing and Tracking System uses Applescript, Filemaker, and Mail to automatically track software trials, purchases, channels of distribution, etc. Incoming emails are automatically processed to log purchases, issue serial numbers, create a customer database, and track trial installations. The whole system is driven by email arrivals and requires no manual intervention. This has saved man-years of manual effort. The Dead Man Monitoring system is described in the next post Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:15 (Continued from previous post) The Dead Man Monitoring system is for a paralyzed patient who cannot communicate. It guarantees that help will be summoned if someone doesn't enter the patient's room every two hours. Since I am the sole caregiver, if anything were to happen to me the patient would die of dehydration before anyone found her. The system uses a motion sensitive camera to track entrances and exits from the patient's room. When detected, the camera places a message in a folder which triggers the Monitoring script to log it and reset the Dead Man Counter. The Monitoring Script also runs automatically every two hours and, if there has been no activity, initiates a series of alarms and notifications, first locally and then to a list of external responders. A schedule for which hours are monitored during the day can be set and changed as well as the list of responders. Everything is done with Applescript. The system runs on a UPS protected Mac Mini and uses Launch Agents to monitor itself for failures. Reply joecab  2017-01-10 22:05 The New York Times used to have this old, creaky Quark XPress plug-in to typeset their crossword grids from some company overseas that went out of business and left them high and dry. People at the NYT knew I was a Mac and puzzle guy so they consulted with me and I said I could come up with a replacement rather quickly using AppleScript. Now the scripts are used to typeset all their print puzzles, upload PDFs to FTP servers for proofreading, and export various electronic versions for online solving. I never could have done it without AppleScript (and the terrific Script Debugger) so, many thanks, Sal! Reply Colin Bay  2017-01-11 00:50 I have a mailing list digest I get nearly every day. When it comes in, I use an applescript (launched with a hotkey via Spark) to process the text to remove gremlins, replace annoying URLdefender URLs with real ones, serialize the file name, and save it in a consistent folder. I could do this by hand in a couple of minutes, but would I every single day? Nope. I love Applescript. Reply Nicholas Orr  2017-01-11 04:22 I use AppleScript and Automator to package up an app I sell, which itself includes UI automation via AppleScript. All of the copying of files and putting things in the right places couldn't work without all the long history of automation amongst multiple apps as well as the OS. Reply Jim Neumann  2017-01-11 08:36 I have Applescripted professionally for 15+ years. From simple tasks, to chaining scripts together in workflows to run entire departments, it has proven its worth again and again. Our apps, DEVONthink Pro (Office) and DEVONagent Pro also have a robust Applescript dictionary that allows our clients to extend and enhance their own experience. We are BIG fans of automation at DEVONtechnologies! Reply Greg C  2017-01-11 09:42 I have done a ton of automated stuff over the years. My favourite, but not that impressive, was converting 1400+ files from Excel into an online web help. Half a day of scripting and about an hour of runtime and the whole thing was finished. That's kind of the point. If you can't automate tasks, then it ceases to be a computer. I have no great love of Applescript, but I do think Apple Events was a truly great innovation. My hope is that Swift will provide a way to work directly with Apple Events, without resorting to horrid workarounds. The sooner the better. Reply Nick Morris  2017-01-11 10:42 This would be a great loss. Although I am not a huge fan of AppleScript (I find the syntax annoying and at times impenetrable - I also don't like the lack of good debugging tools) I have nonetheless used it, and Automator, for years for a wide range of tasks. At present, I use a combination of AppleScript and Automator to blog from my Mac and to produce eBooks. I have scripts and folder actions that: • Post Evernote notes to my Wordpress blog (yes, I could use Postach.io, but they have been somewhat unreliable of late) - this requires some PHP in the AppleScript • Pass Evernote notes to Scrivner for eBook production • Pass images from an Evernote note back to Evernote as individual notes for posting to Instagram • Resize images for blog posts • Resize images for posting to Twitter One of the most fun scripts I had (and I found this on the Internet and adapted) automated Keynote to send out a tweet when a slide was shown. The tweet contained the text in the speaker notes for the slide. This script caused a lot of confusion as the audience couldn't work out how I was presenting and tweeting at the same time! Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-11 12:42 I don't think Apple management is considering the "Reverse Halo Effect" that Brent Simmons wrote about: http://inessential.com/2016/11/21/the_reverse_of_the_halo_effect The idea is that with Apple discontinuing or failing to update so many products (like Airport Wi-Fi routers and external displays), a lot of people who once automatically bought Apple's solutions because they could be depended upon to "just work" are forced to look elsewhere. And if you're looking at other monitors, why not other computers? Why not other phones? The walls around Apple's painstakingly constructed (and very profitable) garden are crumbling, and it won't end well. The likely demise of AppleScript and Automator are, well, another break in the wall. Reply Carlos  2017-01-11 13:57 I've saved hundreds of hours every year by using AppleScript every day via apps that rely on it of Keyboard Mastro, Automator, Hazel and Default Folder X. I'm a photographer and one of my favorite workflows that I have created involves launching an application, called PostHaste, every time I insert a SD with fresh new photos, in my mac, this creates automatically a folder on the server that is renamed with the contents of the clipboard, previously copied from the latest event in my calendar. After this, a new Finder window is prompted to the foreground revealing the newly created folder, next to it Image Capturehas been launched allowing me to drag and drop the new photos into the new folder window. My photos then are automatically renamed by Hazel. Reply Patricia Pfitsch  2017-01-11 16:17 My husband and I run a small transcription business. Our clients are production companies who send us raw film footage they’ve taken for documentaries. We create a written transcript of the film by transcribing what they hear and see—then we we send the transcript to the client. Our clients are usually under a tight deadline so it’s crucial that we can create the transcript fast—often we need to transcribe hours of film and get the transcripts to the client within a twelve-hour period. That kind of speed depends on using AppleScript to create shortcuts for names and other words and phrases that are repeated continually in the dialogue. (You’d be amazed at how many times people say ‘you know’ in conversation.) We also use AppleScript to start and stop the film while we’re transcribing. AppleScript is the key to our success and without it we’d be out of business! Reply Brian Christmas  2017-01-12 04:46 I have a 9 years in-the-making vary large App called Mail Manager that takes all incoming artwork, for any art work App, and prints a sheet to monitor factory progress, and 2 barcodes and 2 plain text fields to each image, then prints each piece of artwork at 100% accuracy. It also triple saves (for redundancy purposes), each file before and after printing. These images are used to make metal or plastic printing dies, including the Seal of the President of the United States. All running on a top-of-the-line iMac, and Xcode ASObjC. Reply Emmanuel Levy  2017-01-12 05:10 We at quomodo.com have developed a Web Server environment where XML + Applescript somehow are used instead of the widely used mySQL + PHP. Main advantage is, XML is both the database language and the web page language. Thanks to that environment, we are able to develop enhancements and new features way faster and more freely than if we used the usual mySQL - PHP framework. A specific — yet, very simple — cgi sends the http requests to our AppleScript hub (Smile), which in turn sends the hard stuff to some osax (mainly, XMLLib.osax). A herd of Smile apps handle up to 100 requests a second (approximate — I did not measure recently). Our DIY web site system works wonderfully for 50,000+ sites maintained by 100,000+ admins. Reply William Adams  2017-01-12 10:14 I have written scripts which Olav Martin Kvern declared to be impossible. These scripts have enabled me to do creative and production work at a speed which makes it possible for my company to win bids and remain profitable. If the Mac OS doesn't have Applescript, then we will be forced to use instead other tools which have the level of control needed to afford the sort of automation which we need to be competitive. Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-12 11:39 When the very popular contact manager Now Contact was discontinued some years ago, I was able to create an AppleScript to export its contact files to Apple's Address Book (now called Contacts). It is a commercial product that does a much better job than any other solution, and I still get requests for it. And when I switched from my previous note manager to Evernote, I wrote an AppleScript that transferred my old notes, nicely categorized. I've used AppleScript with OmniGraffle to print custom serialized and bar-coded labels, and with Excel to calculate and print specialized scales for liquid measurement. Reply Mark Leslie  2017-01-12 11:51 I work for a global sports apparel brand, and we could not match the speed of the marketplace without Applescript and MacOS automation technologies. Many years ago when we first implemented large automated workflows, we absorbed two successive years of +20% increases in product SKUs without the need to scale up existing production art team staffing. Not only that, but the very significant decreases in user errors (typos, component placement, file naming) reduced previously typical rework while freeing proofing efforts to be more focused on essential product details. In all aspects of our business - product creation, preparation of manufacturing visual spec documents, color management, merchandising materials / catalogs, product photography - Applescript and deep cross application connections drive our capabilities. Data from corporate data stores are piped to drive workflows and assign metadata attributes to assets. We use hot folders on servers to drive MacOS purpose built “appliances” running as asset creation engines. Assets created in this way are then transferred to other servers for delivery to another art team. With everything we have in place, and all the successes we have achieved, we still regularly discover new opportunities for automation. I can’t foresee any end to how we can harness the deep reach and power of Applescript, Apple Events, and scriptable applications. Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-12 12:04 Just ran across this great automation hack, where Khoi Vinh gets his Google Home device to play Spotify music on his Mac mini home-theater system. https://www.subtraction.com/2017/01/11/controlling-a-mac-with-amazon-echo-or-google-home/ Reply Laine   2017-01-12 12:07 I got tired of notifications of software agreements when mounting disk images, so I wrote a script to remove them. https://sites.google.com/site/llee040/applescript/remove-notice Reply Chip Patterson  2017-01-12 12:24 We use AppleScript in our business every day. We have several scripts to make daily tasks more efficient, and this has led to 25% of our company using MacBooks instead of Dells. I have to say that if support for AppleScript were to become weak, we might well lose the fight to increase Mac use in our business. It's crucial to the ease-of-use and utility arguments. Reply Ray Robertson  2017-01-12 13:54 Thanks for doing this, Adam. Please give us at least another week to finish responding. I'm slammed with AppleScript development work at the moment. I've only begun the process of alerting some clients, and will post my own thoughts once they've had a chance to contribute (a couple have already). Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-12 14:24 No problem — keep the stories coming! Reply Jim Royal  2017-01-12 19:54 I've used AppleScript for a large number of diverse tasks: - Automating Photoshop and QuickTime Player to generate color lookup tables for video clips. - Migrating web-based documentation by post-processing auto-generated HTML in BBEdit. - Syntax check on PHP files. - Renumbering iTunes tracks. - Inserting generated HTML from Safari into BBEdit. - Downloading real-time weather for flight simulator from NOAA server. And there are probably others I've forgotten. Applescript is indispensable. Reply Simon Bowler  2017-01-12 23:07 I used AppleScript to automate a range of tasks associated with a Medical Practice using Filemaker. AppleScript is almost unique in the way variables and data from a number of programs / sources can be parsed and inserted into for example Filemaker Reply Carlos  2017-01-12 23:35 My most used Automation function is text-to-audio. Just about all applications work with this via "Services". I use this because I have a hard time reading because of my dyslexia. Having the computer read me the text while I follow along helps out SO MUCH! It's also so easy to setup that I've created multiple text-to-audio versions of different accents because WHY NOT! A thick Russian accent can be quite funny and make the reading better than it was originally! - Example of the text-to-audio Russian accent: http://czepeda.com/writes/123 . Also about other stuff I do with Automator. - Automator workflow to create text-to-audio: http://czepeda.com/gfx/automator-workflow-create-text-to-audio-russian-accent.png - The Services option by right-clicking on highlighted text: http://czepeda.com/gfx/text-to-audio-russian-accent.png Reply David Ohman  2017-01-14 11:12 I introduced AppleScript into our production workflows in the early 2000's. Currently there are few, if any, pieces of our content that are not created, processed, or touched in some way without the automation we've developed with AppleScript. Next time you read a comic from Andrews McMeel Syndication (formerly Universal Press Syndicate/UniversalUclick) or United Features Syndicate it is there in part because of AppleScript. David Ohman Vice President of Digital Product Development Andrews McMeel Universal Reply RJay Hansen  2017-01-14 12:08 I manage a design/prepress department for a direct mail/printshop/web design company. Soon after I started I began seeing opportunities to improve the department's efficiency by writing AppleScripts to automate many tasks that are done repeatedly in the department. From simple scripts to automatically create job folder structures (use many times a day by every department member) to more complex ones that automate processes and interactions with Excel, Acrobat and InDesign. I've even written a basic imposition program for InDesign with AppleScript. These scripts save untold man-hours over the course of a year. It will be a sad day if this ability is ever removed from MacOS. Reply Joern Dyck  2017-01-14 16:43 I once had the task to open and save 5.000 videos on a remote Xserve. Because back then, QuickTime files would only play in a browser after the file was loaded completely. (Today everybody expects that the video starts to play after the first few Bytes have been loaded.) Apple provided a way to prepare old videos for this: just open the file and save it again with the QuickTime Player, unaltered. But nobody can manually open 5.000 files in the QuickTime Player and save them again. With AppleScript, you just iterate through all files in the folder, open them one by one with QuickTime Player and save them again. It's a few lines of code, and the poor Xserve would be busy for some nights. (Because AppleScript is happy to work at night). I have solved many problems like this with AppleScript. Rarely gets AppleScript the credit that it deserves. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s elimination of the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies a few months ago cast a pall over the future of automation at Apple. Adam explains what happened, his worry about Apple’s commitment to automation, and what you can do to express your concerns. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple tries to prove your AirPods won’t fall out – CNET Posted on January 14, 2017 by CNET Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that’s taken over our lives. airpods5.jpg. Enlarge Image. Look, they don’t fall out. Photo by Apple/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET. I’d hoped the launch ad would feature Tim … Apple debuts first AirPods TV commercials, Apple Watch ad focusing on activityAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple kicks off AirPods TV campaign despite limited availabilityThe Verge Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod adsTechCrunch BGR -Phone Arena -Mashable -Mac Rumors all 17 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Opinion Anna Scantlin Contributing Editor | January 14, 2017 3 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1               On January 9, 2007, co-founder and then CEO of Apple, Steve Jobs, announced three new revolutionary Apple products in one day: “A widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone, and a breakthrough Internet communications device. An iPod, a phone, and an Internet communicator. An iPod. A phone. Are you getting it? These are not three separate devices. This is one device. And we’re calling it, ‘iPhone’.” When it comes to iconic smartphones over the past decade, Apple's iPhone is arguably the easiest one for people to recall. While smartphones themselves were already in existence by then, none of them had been quite like the iPhone. It’s easy to forget, but before the iPhone came along multi-touch displays hadn’t been invented. There was no pinch-to-zoom and styluses were a necessity to properly navigate a smartphone. It wouldn’t be until the following year with the release of the iPhone 3G that the iPhone would truly begin its legacy with a more affordable price tag and the introduction of the App Store, but conceptually the original iPhone brought a lot to the table that would inspire smartphone development over the following decade. Ten years has passed since the original iPhone was introduced. The iPhone may have been a breakthrough for modern smartphones, but it was certainly not the only iconic smartphone to have surfaced over the past decade. Truly, smartphones are in a pretty amazing place right now. It’s hard to find one that doesn’t work perfectly well, even on a budget, and that’s thanks to the efforts of many manufacturers and software developers over the years. Although I would argue that all smartphones contributed in one way or another to the evolution of mobile tech, some stood out to me more than others. Reflecting on the past decade, here are the smartphones (aside from the already mentioned Apple iPhone) that I consider the most iconic: T-Mobile G1 (HTC Dream) The T-Mobile G1 was a phone that I never owned but heard a lot about. As the first commercially available Android device, nobody seemed entirely confident on Android’s ability to compete with the multitude of mobile operating systems already on the market such as BlackBerry OS, Symbian, Windows Mobile, webOS, and iOS. Still, the platform showed promise and, as we can see today, has flourished well above and beyond many of those now extinct mobile platforms. Motorola Droid I don’t remember ever seeing the G1 marketed but advertising for the Motorola Droid, Verizon’s first Android device, was everywhere, and boy was it effective. The name became so recognized that people often confused “Droid” with “Android”, and for a while the term “Droid” was practically synonymous with the Android platform (which wasn’t too far off anyway). HTC EVO 4G The release of the HTC EVO 4G on Sprint was a pretty big deal given that it was the first smartphone in the U.S. to support 4G, albeit on Sprint’s old WiMAX network. It was also larger phone than people were used to at the time with its 4.3-inch screen (ha). Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia’s Lumia phones quickly became the face of Windows Phones after the 920 was released. The bright and bold color offerings combined with Nokia’s “tanky” polycarbonate build and exceptional Carl Zeiss cameras made the Lumia line a decent choice at the time even with its inferior app store. Samsung Galaxy S III It was the introduction of the Samsung Galaxy S II where I noticed people start to take Android seriously, and the success of the S II seemed to pour directly into the S III’s release the following year. The Galaxy S III's popularity is often credited to its excellent performance and open availability across all four major carriers. At the time carrier exclusivity was still the norm, which is thankfully a rare issue today. LG Nexus 5 The Nexus line had already grown in popularity with the Nexus 4 thanks to its affordable $299 price tag – which was practically unheard of at the time – but the Nexus 5 was the shining star due to its affordable price tag (although $50 more than the Nexus 4 at $349) and its “nearly flagship" performance. Moto G Speaking of affordable price tags and good performance, the Moto G is another iconic device that broke the mold. The Moto G wasn’t just affordable, it was downright cheap and looked good, and the terms “cheap”, “good performance”, and “good-looking” were three terms that just didn’t belong in the same sentence in reference to smartphones, but the Moto G managed to change that. HTC One (M7) While we’re on the subject of terms that didn’t go together, the same could be said for “premium build” and “Android” – until the HTC One (M7) debuted. The first in a now long list of smartphones that use the M7’s iconic aluminum unibody design, the M7’s build blew every other Android flagship build out of the water. It was sleek, the back couldn’t shatter, and it just felt like you got what you were paying for when you paid the price for a flagship device. Samsung Galaxy Note The Galaxy Note is one of my favorites because I remember being 190% sure that the Note was just too freakin’ big for anybody to ever want it. I liked the idea of an included stylus, but why did the phone need to be so big? Turned out its large size would be one of its most valuable assets. Nowadays it’s hard to find a phone that doesn’t have a 5-inch plus screen, and the Galaxy Note only became more popular after the original’s debut (although I am still interested to see how last year’s events will play out for the Note’s future). There were a lot of phones that didn't make the list that I still considered iconic, including other generations of smartphones that were mentioned, but I opted to whittle it down to the ones I considered most iconic thus far, otherwise an already long list would be even longer. But now we want to hear from you, dear readers. Over the past ten years, which smartphones do you consider to be the most iconic and why? Tell us your picks in the comments below! Images via:  Business Insider Android Community Phones Data Phandroid The Tech Storm Opinion Apple Samsung HTC Nokia Motorola LG Apple iPhone HTC G1 Nokia Lumia 920 Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy Note Motorola Moto G HTC M7 (Beta) Products mentioned Apple iPhone HTC G1 Nokia Lumia 920 Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy Note Motorola Moto G HTC M7 (Beta) Previous ArticleOEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack Next ArticleNew HTC U duo looks great, but missing crucial aspects Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts OEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Huawei Mate 9 Impressions! Marco Hanna 6 days 2 hours ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 Honor 6X Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 9 shares 8 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Meet the new BlackBerry Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 67 shares 65 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 2 weeks 10 hours ago 3 shares 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 13 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one T-Mobile will give AT&T Do you carry multiple phones? FCC sends letters to AT&T and Sprint News Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network Sprint promo offering unlimited T-Mobile News T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event T-Mobile will give AT&T Verizon Wireless Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a Verizon telling unlimited Verizon increases upgrade fee to $ Verizon Galaxy Note 7 now Kyocera DuraForce Pro now Verizon now says it will release Verizon once again offering free PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums Home News News search Recent headlines | Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals AfterDawn > News > Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 14 Jan 2017 14:20 Remember six years ago when Apple and Samsung were in court because of the claims that Samsung had copied iPhone's design and thus infringed on Apple's patents. Well, that case is still ongoing as the Supreme Court throws it back to the Court of Appeals. Earlier this week the U.S. Supreme Court released documents saying it couldn't determine whether the reimbursement previous court ruled would be correct in the case. Thus it decided to put it on Court of Appeals to figure out how much Samsung owes Apple. For a long time it hasn't been a debate whether Samsung abused Apple's design patents but instead the fight continues about how much they should pay Apple. Previous judgment of $399 million in damages was now overturned by Supreme Court because it wasn't sure that calculating the figures straight from Samsung's profits was right in this case. Apple's view is that the blatant copying of patented features is stealing and needs to be punished accordingly. The Cupertino giant, as well as fashion designers rooting for the company, have made the point that design makes, and sells the product. Samsung wants the courts to determine the damages from certain components that infringed the patents, which, lets be honest, is going to be hard to calculate. We'll get back to you in 2029 when the final decision has been made. Tweet Tags: Patent Violation patent lawsuit patent dispute patent infringement Apple Samsung <More information, game footage, and price details on Nintendo's new Switch gaming console Previous Write a comment Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals (14 Jan 2017 14:20) Remember six years ago when Apple and Samsung were in court because of the claims that Samsung had copied iPhone's design and thus infringed on Apple's patents. Well, that case is still ongoing .... More information, game footage, and price details on Nintendo's new Switch gaming console (13 Jan 2017 13:52) Nintendo has today announced new details on its newest gaming machine Switch. In a press conference earlier today the company gave us the pricing, release timeline, and some game footage. .... PC sales continues the decline of five years (13 Jan 2017 13:04) The inevitable decline of personal computer, as it was designed, has been documented in recent years. The so-called post PC era, predicted by the likes of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates, might not .... 6 user comments Alphabet axed the internet sharing drone, balloon still alive (12 Jan 2017 12:05) Google has been trying to reach more customers in a time when growth comes largely from new internet users. This means that one way to get customers is to offer internet connection to people .... A video reveals two iPhone prototypes with competing operating systems (12 Jan 2017 11:38) It's been ten years since the iPhone was unveiled by Steve Jobs. Sparking the smartphone revolution the iPhone was essentially the same thing it is today. Just a big touchscreen with apps. .... 1 user comment Latest user comments PC sales continues the decline of five yearssupersaiyaman @ 15 Jan 2017 22:49 PC sales continues the decline of five yearssupersaiyaman @ 15 Jan 2017 22:02 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsKillerBug @ 15 Jan 2017 11:19 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsmukhis @ 14 Jan 2017 22:33 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsskeil909 @ 14 Jan 2017 13:45 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsmukhis @ 14 Jan 2017 10:55 FIFA 17 pushing 'gay propaganda', Russian MPs claimdefgod @ 13 Jan 2017 0:23 FIFA 17 pushing 'gay propaganda', Russian MPs claimKillerBug @ 12 Jan 2017 1:21 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2017 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple Watch stand turns your favorite wearable into a mini Macintosh by Bryan Clark — in Gadgets 398 shares Christmas is over, but a $15 silicone smartwatch stand could still stuff your stockings if you’re one of millions of lazy people who have yet to take them down. The Elago W3 stand looks like a miniature Macintosh and works with Series 1 and Series 2 Apple Watches (both 38mm and 42mm versions). The simple device was designed to support Apple’s nightstand mode, allowing you to use it as an alarm clock on your bedside table by just slipping the watch bands into the dedicated slot. It looks like a legitimate (albeit tiny) Macintosh, and even comes equipped with the floppy drive cutout. “This event was off the charts” Gary Vaynerchuk was so impressed with TNW Conference 2016 he paused mid-talk to applaud us. FIND OUT WHY At just $15 this is a no-brainer for Apple Watch owners/retro computing aficionados. Get yours at the Elago website or on Amazon. via The Verge Elago Store on Elago Read next: Snapchat reveals major redesign and new universal search feature AppleApple WatchGear Share on Facebook (76) Share on Twitter (245) Bryan Clark is a reporter from San Diego, CA. Happy to hear your thoughts on bryan@thenextweb.com or @bryanclark on Twitter. TNW's West Coast reporter covering all the comings and goings in the SoCal tech scene and elsewhere. Connect via Twitter, Facebook or Instagram. Contact Mail Tweet Location San Diego, CA Posts 1172 Posts / mo. 57.77   All posts by Bryan > The latest articles around Apple Apple set to take on Hollywood with 'Westworld' caliber TV shows Mix Is Fitbit gearing up to take on the Apple Watch? Abhimanyu Ghoshal Apple to play its Trump card and boost its ‘Made in America’ credentials Matthew Hughes Shh. Here's some distraction How to balance security and usability with data analytics ABN AMRO Dutch journalists hack local politicians' Twitter accounts to expose weak security Alejandro Tauber This is the future of the fight against cancer TNW with Philips The PPAP guy has a new song and oh god, please make it stop Matthew Hughes Watch two Google Homes discuss the meaning of life on Twitch Alejandro Tauber This bloody Home Alone remake is infinitely more hilarious Mix Comments Recommended The tech behind making cancer history Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Learn all the tricks that savvy pros use to grow their businesses for under $30 TNW Deals 2 Facebook introduces fake news filter in Germany in time for federal elections Matthew Hughes 3 The 'Uber of funerals' is turning heads in Russia Matthew Hughes 4 Join the front lines of the cybersecurity war with this ethical hacking training TNW Deals 5 Woman expresses displeasure with T-Mobile's replacement policy by ramming car into store Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest China demands local app stores register with authorities Matthew Hughes Facebook introduces fake news filter in Germany in time for federal elections Matthew Hughes Woman expresses displeasure with T-Mobile's replacement policy by ramming car into store Matthew Hughes The 'Uber of funerals' is turning heads in Russia Matthew Hughes Join the front lines of the cybersecurity war with this ethical hacking training TNW Deals Learn all the tricks that savvy pros use to grow their businesses for under $30 TNW Deals Windows 10 is getting a speed boost with a new 'Game Mode' Napier Lopez Good news: Samsung reportedly not killing the Galaxy S8's headphone jack Napier Lopez Top Trump cybersecurity advisor taken to task over his own insecure website Bryan Clark Microsoft affirms commitment to AI with acquisition of deep learning startup Maluuba Bryan Clark 5 inspiring reads for aspiring entrepreneurs: top tech CEOs tip top books Alejandro Tauber Nintendo switches on Switch pre-orders Napier Lopez WhatsApp neglected known bug putting your privacy at risk for months [Update] Mix Meet the Chrome Extension that auto-magically helps dodge 404 error pages Matthew Hughes December in Africa: All the tech news you shouldn’t miss from the past month Tom Jackson @dougkessler Traditional marketing talks at people. Content marketing talks with them. Share Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 168/2 (30.2) - BAN 160/9 (57.5) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi BCCI Dangal Tej Bahadur Singh Mahendra Singh Dhoni Home Sci/Tech Microsoft buys Canadian AI startup Maluuba Microsoft has bought a Canadian firm specializing in conversational AI. (AFP - Image Courtesy) Shares70 Sun, 15 Jan 2017-10:44am , AFP Apple, Samsung, Google and Microsoft are all vying to develop the most sophisticated connected assistant. Microsoft announced Friday a deal to buy Maluuba, a Montreal startup focused on making machines able to think the way people do. Bringing on board Maluuba co-founders Kaheer Suleman and Sam Pasupalak, along with their team from the startup, was intended to accelerate Microsoft's "ability to develop software so computers can read, write and converse naturally," the company said. Microsoft did not disclose financial terms of the acquisition. "Maluuba's vision is to advance toward a more general artificial intelligence by creating literate machines that can think, reason and communicate like humans -- a vision exactly in line with ours," Microsoft artificial intelligence and research group executive vice president Harry Shum said in a blog post. "I'm incredibly excited about the scenarios that this acquisition could make possible in conversational AI." Tech giants Apple, Samsung, Google and Microsoft are all vying to develop the most sophisticated connected assistant -- working to give software the ability to understand what people say and even anticipate desires or needs. Amazon virtual assistant Alexa was a star at the Consumer Electronics Show gadget gala last week in Las Vegas. Amazon and Alexa face fierce competition. At CES, computer chipmaker Nvidia said it would use Google Assistant for its interactive streaming devices. Microsoft's Cortana will power a voice-assistant speaker for kids and families being introduced by Mattel, and will also be in Renault-Nissan's connected car hub. Samsung's smart refrigerator, which acts as a connected hub -- with a voice activation system unveiled at CES -- uses the South Korean giant's Tizen operating system. Many smart devices for the home also integrate with Apple Home Kit, which uses the iPhone maker's artificial intelligence and voice assistant Siri. At CES, Chinese giant Baidu showcased its own virtual assistant "Little Fish" which will debut in China this year. TOP TOP < PM Modi-led panel to meet tomorrow to select CBI chief   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech WhatsApp denies 'backdoor' vulnerability claims Sci/Tech SpaceX launches first rocket since September explosion Sci/Tech Obama thanks NASA for taking his sign to Mars Sci/Tech 'Big chill' after asteroid strike likely killed dinosaurs Sci/Tech SpaceX counts down to first launch after rocket explosion Sci/Tech Nintendo announces paid online subscription service for Switch Next Article > Guess who will replace Farhan Akhtar in Akshay Kumar starrer Gold! < Previous ArticleNext Article > PM Modi-led panel to meet tomorrow to select CBI chief Live Cricket Score Live NZ 168/2 (30.2), 539/10 (148.2) BAN 160/9 (57.5), 595/8 (152) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Guess who will replace Farhan Akhtar in Akshay Kumar starrer Gold! Related Microsoft introduces new, improved version of Windows 10 to Windows Insider testers Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 CES 2017: Microsoft announces Connected Vehicle Platform Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags Microsoft Maluuba Artificial Intelligence Ai CES 2017 Amazon Alexa Nvidia Cortana SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Cow only animal that inhales, exhales oxygen, says Rajasthan Education Minister CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia DNA Morning Must Reads: Army chief Bipin Rawat's warning to Pak; Kohli, Jadhav steer India's ODI win against Aus; and more Swamy slams Jallikattu protest, says will challenge animal rights funding Tamil Nadu: We support Jallikattu but cannot impose any rule above law, says BJP state president Sport Lakshmanan, Monika win half marathon titles Simbu sizzles: Tanzanian overcomes stiff challenge from second-placed Kipkorir to win elite full marathon Parthiv Patel: Fighting on since 2000 Ind vs Eng: One of the best partnerships I have been part of, says Virat Kohli Ind vs Eng: Sparkling centuries by Kohli, Jadhav steer India to win Entertainment A timeless tale of love revisited on stage Revisiting the magic of Kaifi Azmi Sridevi’s girls trolled for wearing fur coats Parineeti Chopra does Priyanka Chopra’s favourite pose Heard this? - Commando 2 postponed again Money Budget expectations, Q3 results to drive markets this week Delivery of 2 Airbus A320neo planes to Air India delayed Funds to recapitalise PSBs may exceed Rs 25,000 crore Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity 'Obscene': World's eight richest as wealthy as world's poorest half, says Oxfam Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Bus Drivers Working Alongside Silicon Valley Millionaires Struggle to Afford Rent, Some Sleep in Cars By MURIEL PEARSON Lauren Effron Close Follow on Twitter More from Lauren Lauren Pearle Close Follow on Twitter More from Lauren Jan 13, 2017, 6:18 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayABC News WATCH Contract Employees in Silicon Valley Struggle to Make Ends Meet: Part 4 0 Shares Email Silicon Valley is a shining beacon of American success, home to some of the most profitable and innovative companies in the world, including Google, Facebook, PayPal, Oracle and Apple. Many employees at these tech giants enjoy large paychecks and a host of perks ranging from free dry cleaning to free food to gyms on site. But there are thousands of other people working alongside them who don’t make enough money to afford housing near their jobs so many sleep in their cars between shifts. Some sleep in their cars because they are homeless. Watch the Diane Sawyer report, "My Reality: A Hidden America," in a special edition of ABC News "20/20" on Friday, Jan. 13 at 10 p.m. ET Terrence Rollins is a 51-year-old bus driver who drives the shuttles that ferry tech employees across Silicon Valley to company campuses. He only has a few hours a night at home before he has to be back at work. “I love my job,” Rollins said. “I get up at 3 [a.m.], I make it home about 11, 10 o’clock at night, and I’m constantly traveling. I mean, I have to take care of my family.” The bus drivers who spoke with ABC News starting in 2015 work for independent contractors hired by tech companies. When we first met these drivers, they said their jobs provided few benefits and didn't offer paid company holidays. Some drivers are contracted to work what’s called a “split shift,” meaning they arrive for work at 6 a.m. to take tech employees to their offices, then have to wait around for a number of hours, unpaid, until it’s time to take the employees back home at the end of the day. These drivers work and are paid for a total of eight hours but over a 16-hour period. They said the houses they can afford on their wages are too far away for them to get home between shifts, so many of them stay in their cars or nap at the bus depot. In the bus depot where he is based, Rollins said there was one room with two beds for female drivers and another room with two beds for male drivers. But it wasn't enough to accommodate the 35 to 40 drivers there on any given day. “It’s just awful when you park inside and you have drivers covering their cars’ [windows] with blankets and towels,” said another driver named Jimmy. Since ABC News began this report a year and a half ago, some service workers have unionized and their employers have worked with tech companies to raise wages and offer better benefits to many contract workers who lived at the edge of poverty. These workers are an example of a growing trend in the U.S., in which large corporations contract out service jobs from other companies. Scott Peebles, another driver ABC News spoke to in 2015, said he had been sleeping on an air mattress in his car for months. Peebles used a windshield reflector to help block out the light from the parking lot streetlamps while he slept. “This is foreign to me,” he said, gesturing to his car. “It’s not the way you’re supposed to live. No, it’s just a mirror of society that we’re in right now and that’s -- I’m probably part of millions of people that are doing this.” “It’s sad that it comes down to this,” Peebles continued. “I mean, if people would know this, if corporations of businesses they work for, they would probably be aghast that their employees were living in a car or a van.” At night, if they needed a restroom, the drivers would get out of their cars and walk into the bus depot. Under union pressures and publicity about drivers receiving few benefits, Facebook now requires contractors to pay contract employees a minimum of $15 an hour, 15 days of paid time off, and a $4,000 stipend for new parents if their contractors don’t provide parental leave. Apple and Google followed suit with announcing 25 percent wage increases for all drivers. Many security jobs are also now contracted out. Michael Johnson, who worked as a security guard for several companies, told ABC News the job has changed over the years. “When I first started there were paid vacation, paid holidays, lots of times we got bonuses,” Johnson said. “It was like a regular job, it’s just that you were contract-working. You were treated like one of the gang.” Eventually, Johnson said at the time he stopped receiving paid vacation time or paid sick leave and the hourly rate dropped. “It was incredible what was happening,” he said. “It seemed like it just happened overnight.” In Silicon Valley, amidst the luxury homes, the streets are lined with service workers who live in RVs and trailers. “The folks that are living in these RVs, they are part of the low-wage economy that’s created around the tech industry,” said activist Derecka Mehrens. “There’s a real connection between these families and what happens in the industry.” Some experts on contract workers say some of the jobs provide opportunities that didn’t exist before. Arthur Brooks of the Conservative American Enterprise Institute said,many workers "say that it gives them flexibility. Many of them are immigrants.” But Tamara Draut, Vice President of Demos, a progressive think tank, disagreed that contracting and subcontracting helps workers, arguing that “in each link down that chain, the pressures grow to lower labor costs.” Irma Alvarado is 72 years old and says she spent her life cleaning the offices at Visa, working the night shift from 6 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. She shares a small house with her children and grandchildren. She is a legal immigrant who says she has lived and worked in the U.S. nearly 30 years. When ABC News spoke to her in 2015, Alvarado said it was hard to watch Visa employees throw away food she would love to have and to see them take vacations. She said she once saw a $7,000 check lying on a desk, and was surprised at the gap between her pay and theirs. In a statement to ABC News, Visa said their janitorial staff is contracted through a third party vendor. “All wages, bonuses and benefits are handled directly by the service vendors,” the statement said. “We greatly appreciate their work and dedication to our facilities.” Her grandchildren say they still believe in the American dream. Her grandson Danny said he would like to be an astronaut one day. But for now, he said he just wants a drawer to himself. “It’s hard living in the house because you don’t have that much room, gets crowded,” he said. “I would have a drawer to put all my clothes in.” About half of American adults lived in middle-income households in 2014, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data. Pew Research offers an income calculator feature on their website that allows you to see whether you are part of the American middle class. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Bus Drivers Ferrying Silicon Valley Tech Elite Struggle to Afford Rent +Why Thousands of Low-Income Americans 'Donate' Their Blood Plasma +When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Trump Suggests CIA Director 'Leaker' Behind Unsubstantiated Report " Central US Ice Storm Falls Short of Dire Forecasts " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Subscribe Log in Monday, 16 January 2017 Mon 16th Jan 9°C 9° Dublin Antrim Armagh Carlow Cavan Clare Cork Derry Donegal Down Dublin Fermanagh Galway Kerry Kildare Kilkenny Laois Leitrim Limerick Longford Louth Mayo Meath Monaghan Offaly Roscommon Sligo Tipperary Tyrone Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Home News Business Opinion Politics Health & Social Property Technology Magazine Focus On Inside the IDA: the agency that defines Ireland's economy By Jack Horgan-Jones Jan 15, 2017 Share this article: View Gallery In a post-Apple, Trump and Brexit world, what does the future hold for the IDA? By Jack Horgan-Jones Jan 15, 2017 Share this article: When Uber was looking for a European home, Ireland was on a shortlist with four other jurisdictions – no more than that. Kieran Harte, the $64 billion company’s new Irish manager, was invited for dinner by the former secretary general of the Department of Finance, John Moran. He, along with a variety of business leaders and civic leaders from Limerick, wanted to convince him, that the city could meet his needs. Please Subscribe or Log in to continue reading Please Subscribe or Log in to continue reading Subscribe Login Independent journalism every day With digital access you can read The Business Post whenever, wherever, and however you want. Unlimited access to all sections of The Business Post on desktop, tablet and mobile. Breaking news, comment and analysis from the best Business Post writers seven days a week. Live blogs of major news events Videos and podcasts from some of the industry's most respected journalists such as Tom Lyons, Susan Mitchell and Ian Guider Access to The Business Post's extensive archive​ Share this article: Related Articles For Generation Z, the cash era is already over Europe is targeting the cookie monster Business / How going for a spin meant finding a new lease of life More from The Business Post News / Profile The Joshua Tree : On the road again News / Revenue to brief building firms on help-to-buy scheme In the eye of the storm, Trump’s not for turning Obama signing off with style, humour and dignity Leo Varadkar sets out plans for future Subscribe to our Newsletter SUBSCRIBE Follow us CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Copyright © 2017 Post Publications Limited. Registered in Ireland: 148865. Developed by Square1 Download our app We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read more » × Why Subscribe? Independent journalism every day Subscribe Already have an account? Log in
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Editorials FEATURED EDITORIAL Pittsburgh or Detroit? Published on Jan. 15, 2017 | Updated 7:35 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Things are coming together for Toledo right now. The downtown, thanks to ProMedica and the 22nd Century Committee, is taking off. The news that Fiat Chrysler is expanding its presence here and will be investing millions in new capacity is like manna from heaven. America needs manufacturing. Americans need to make things. It’s in our DNA. But we also need a balanced economy. And that means we must invest in the new economy of cities as well as the manufacturing sector. That, in turn, means “eds and meds” — higher education and specialized research hospitals. Click here to view more Blade editorials RELATED CONTENT: Colleges give Pittsburgh economic advantage over Detroit The middle class in America depends on manufacturing. And we must have it in our country — Ford, GM, Apple, Carrier, Toyota, Whirlpool. Universities can transform cities. The University of Toledo has taken some significant steps, but it still needs to undergo profound institutional and cultural change. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image But cities also need economic diversity. The so called “legacy cities” that spearheaded the nation’s industrial boom must lead the next century in higher education and medicine. On the op-​ed page today, Brian O’Neill of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette makes the case that Pittsburgh has soared because it has two great universities — the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon. Pitt, of course, also has an internationally recognized medical school and hospital. Jonas Salk taught at Pitt when he developed the polio vaccine, and Pitt has only gotten bigger and better in medicine since. Mr. O’Neill argues that Detroit, in contrast, never developed a great urban university. One could say that Henry Ford and Walter P. Chrysler built America’s greatest industry. But Andrew Carnegie left a university that, in time, thanks to computer science and engineering, became first-rate. It wasn’t always first-rate, and neither was Pitt. Indeed, after Pitt became “state-related,” rather than purely private, in 1966, with reduced tuition for state residents, some thought it would decline to utter mediocrity.  Instead, it became more and more excellent. It became a research university and a “public Ivy.” This was largely thanks to two university chancellors (presidents) who had extraordinary vision and were natural leaders. Edward Litchfield had been a key official in the U.S. military government in Germany at the end of World War II. And Wesley Posvar (first in his class at West Point) had been an Air Force general. Mr. Litchfield came to Pitt as an academic dean at Cornell and Mr. Posvar had been president of the University of Dayton. But either man could have been a major business executive or a senator, if he’d been compelled in those directions. The point is not only that that the new economy of cities requires a major investment in eds and meds, but that average institutions must be transformed into extraordinary institutions. Carnegie Mellon, which has always been private and remains so, transformed itself from essentially a technical school to a science center, again, a research university. Such transformations require not only money (Mr. Litchfield spent more than he had at Pitt, and Mr. Posvar and his successor Mark Nordenberg raised a great deal of it), but initiative and foundation. The investment in medical science was intentional and high profile at Pitt. But both of Pitt’s transformational university executives wanted Pitt to have one of the world’s greatest philosophy faculties. So, eminent profs were lured from Yale and a Center for the Philosophy of Science was begun — Pitt is a world leader in that discipline today. Hiring the best, who then bring grants, proteges, and membership in national and international academies is the way change is accomplished. Another formerly mediocre public university, the University of Connecticut, was transformed in the same way at the end of the 20th century and in the early years of this century. But leadership drives the acquisition of brain power. UConn had a visionary leader named Philip Austin. Now, Pittsburgh is not a perfect city. Many manufacturing workers were left out of the city’s eds and meds transubstantiation. They want Donald Trump to bring back steel — some of it, anyway. But the basis of a modern urban economy, and a balanced one, is there. If Mr. O’Neill is right, the key is the university. So Toledo has a choice: the University of Toledo can either emulate Wayne State and the University of Detroit Mercy, or it can emulate Pitt and Carnegie Mellon. We can either be Pittsburgh or Detroit. Transformation requires a transformational leader and a transformational strategy. UT’s Sharon Gaber wants to be such a leader, but to be that kind of leader you need to shake things up — storm the barricades. And that’s hard. It means institutional change and culture change. For that you need resources and backup. The new affiliation of the UT medical school and ProMedica is a step in the right direction, and so are some of Ms. Gaber’s academic hires. But UT needs more than baby steps if it is going to help transform Toledo. It needs to be able to move toward a more selective admissions policy, for example. Moreover, Ms. Gaber cannot do it alone. She needs financial help from the governor, and ultimately help from greater Toledo and its leaders. We have to decide: Do we want to be Pittsburgh or Detroit? Related Items Featured editorial , university of toledo , Promedica , Fiat Chrysler Automobiles , pittsburgh , Detroit , Sharon Gaber Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Naver’s Line ranks No. 2 in global app sales The Korea Herald > Business > Technology LG vows G6 battery safe from overheating   Published : 2017-01-15 14:13 Updated : 2017-01-15 14:13 LG Electronics said it is adopting a new technology and conducting tougher tests to improve the safety of its new flagship smartphone G6 to be unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in February. The reinforced safety measures come on the heels of battery-related explosions of smartphones made by its rivals Samsung and Apple, and safety concerns among consumers. “We will significantly improve the safety and quality of our new flagship smartphones as more consumers seek safe smartphones,” said Lee Seok-jong, LG Electronics’ mobile communication operation group. The Korean tech firm said it would start to use “heat pipes” -- made of copper, which conducts heat away quickly -- for the G6. Heat pipes are a cooling device mainly used in laptops and personal computers to stop their application processors overheating. They can reduce temperatures by 6-10 percent by dispersing the internal heat. The G6’s design keeps the parts that heat up most as far apart as possible to stop heat concentrating in one area.  Concept design of radiant heat and heat pipe (LG Electronics) Apart from adopting the new technology, the G6 is undergoing safety tests that are tougher than international standards. “We are conducting battery heat exposure tests to a temperature 15 percent higher than the temperature set by the international standards of the US and Europe,” a LG official said. “The battery also undergoes diverse tests such as piercing it with a sharp nail or dropping a heavy object on it from a high place,” he added. LG said the G6 is also undergoing a new, more complex accelerated-life test. The accelerated life test is a process of testing in which it is subject to harsh treatment such as repeatedly dropping the phone or exposing it to high voltages, to simulate a lifetime of excess wear and tear and uncover faults and potential failures. The tests are done for smartphone parts including the application processor, display, camera and fingerprint scanner. LG’s V20, which was unveiled in September, also passed the US military standard MIL-STD 810G test, which allows a product to be used in military drills or combat.  By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Naver’s Line ranks No. 2 in... 2. Korea's top 100 firms cut jo... 3. Govt. statistics point to sw... 4. Korea's home transactions in... 5. Exports of industrial parts,... 6. Moon continues to lead poll ... 7. Saenuri's interim head vows ... 8. Acting president to hold pre... 9. Bareun Party condemns Moon's... 10. Korean flag carriers set to ... 1. Choi Soon-sil to appear at P... 2. Two Korean tourists report s... 3. LG vows G6 battery safe from... 4. Choi appears at Park impeach... 5. Counsel delays decision on w... 6. France says 'serious consequ... 7. Samsung Bioepis-AbbVie Humir... 8. Korean becomes formal subjec... 9. Trump and North Korea 10. Yoo Hae-jin still finds eac... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Sunday, January 15 Source Lunch with ... Len Pagon Fedeli Group has new CEO, but same bold goals Residential demand is outpacing space in downtown Akron Parties in Summa dispute agree on little Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority has down 2016, mirroring industry Wadsworth couple makes leap to professional brewing Knez purchase could signal more Ohio City development Investors buy office complex for $50 million ABB Inc. plans to move to 16-acre Highland Hills site Researchers plotting out future of energy grid Crain's Predictions 2017 × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Current Issue Current issue 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries January 15, 2017 Updated Source Lunch with ... Len Pagon By Chuck Soder When Len Pagon sold Brulant to Rosetta back in 2008, part of him was thinking about that last scene in "Cast Away," when Tom Hanks delivers his final FedEx package and then stops at a dirt-road intersection, wondering where to go next. Like Hanks' character, Pagon realized that he could "go and reinvent his life." Since leaving Rosetta in 2009, he has gotten in on some real estate deals. He's invested in startup companies. And he's spent a lot more time with his family, his friends, his bike,… Morning Roundup Business headlines from Crain's Cleveland Business and other Ohio newspapers — delivered FREE to your inbox every morning. Sign up for the Morning Newsletter. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue January 15, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony World of Opera Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia StoryCorps South Texas HearSA Worth Repeating All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM KPAC 88.3 FM KTXI 90.1 FM KVHL 91.7 FM KTPR 89.9 FM Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony World of Opera Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia StoryCorps South Texas HearSA Worth Repeating All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM KPAC 88.3 FM KTXI 90.1 FM KVHL 91.7 FM KTPR 89.9 FM Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Related Program:  Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Not My Job: We Quiz Gymnast Simone Biles On The History Of The iPhone By editor • 23 hours ago Related Program:  Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! TweetShareGoogle+Email Lintao Zhang / Getty Images Listen Listening... / Originally published on January 14, 2017 10:43 am Just in case U.S. gymnast Simone Biles hasn't won enough recently (she took home four gold medals from the summer Olympics in Rio) today we're giving her yet another shot at glory. We've invited her to play our Not My Job game, in which we quiz very successful people on things that have absolutely nothing to do with their success. Guest host Tom Hanks will ask Biles three questions about the history of the iPhone, which marks its 10th anniversary this year. Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. TOM HANKS, HOST: Now is the part of our show where Olympic gold medalists have a chance to win something far less shiny. Our guest took home four gymnastics gold medals from Rio. She's the first woman in two decades to win back-to-back Olympic all-around and world titles. Joining us, we assume, upside down from the uneven parallel bars somewhere in America - actually, Houston - Simone Biles, welcome to WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME. SIMONE BILES: Thank you. HANKS: You are probably the greatest athlete in the world. Have you ever been tempted to use your powers for evil? BILES: Oh, gosh. No, never. HANKS: You do have a signature move, right, which... BILES: Yes. HANKS: Could you tell us in gym speak what that move is? BILES: Well, I have one on floor, and it is actually named after me, so it's called the Biles. But I will flip twice in the air with a straight body and then at the end of it, I'll do a half twist. PAULA POUNDSTONE: So they named that after you? BILES: Yes. HANKS: Has anybody else dared to try it? POUNDSTONE: I had been doing it for a while. (LAUGHTER) POUNDSTONE: I don't do it publicly. BILES: Well, you have to compete it at a world or Olympic competition. POUNDSTONE: Oh. Well, there, fine. HANKS: No, I got - I have a question that - how do you work up the nerve to try it for the first time? BILES: It's a little bit scary, but you have foam pits in your gym to help you in case you crash. HANKS: So... POUNDSTONE: I never had that. (LAUGHTER) HANKS: So... LUKE BURBANK: We've noticed the effect. HANKS: You are so successful at such a young age. You've met your celebrity crush and you've gotten to go on the set of your... POUNDSTONE: Wait, who was... BURBANK: Wait, I'm her celebrity crush. HANKS: I didn't say that. POUNDSTONE: Oh, my gosh. This is such a great moment. No, Simone, who was your celebrity crush? BILES: It was Zac Efron. HANKS: Oh. POUNDSTONE: Oh, not the Mormon Tabernacle Choir? HANKS: No. (APPLAUSE) POUNDSTONE: That's - well, that's surprising. HANKS: And let's remember, Zac Efron is so foxy he might be a Republican. (LAUGHTER) FAITH SALIE: Simone, what did you say? Were you tongue-tied? HANKS: Yeah. BILES: I did. I kind of hid behind one of my teammates, Aly. And I didn't know what to say. And I got scared because he was so close to me. I felt like, I don't know, it was just, like... SALIE: He must have made your heart do flips, right? BILES: Yes, I thought I was going to pass out. (SOUNDBITE OF CHAIR MOVING) HANKS: OK, good. POUNDSTONE: Simone, what the hell was that noise? BURBANK: Are you OK, Simone? BILES: No, yeah, I'm OK. My dog got stuck underneath the counter so I had to move the chair. (LAUGHTER) BURBANK: You be careful. POUNDSTONE: Look, the most gymnastically inclined woman in the world and she has a clumsy dog. BURBANK: Yeah. HANKS: In an interview with Vogue, you were asked who the most intense athletes are in the Olympic Village, and you said Olympic speed walkers. BILES: Yes. HANKS: Is that true? BILES: Well, they never stop working. HANKS: What the heck is their problem? BILES: (Laughter) They never stop working. They speed walk to breakfast, lunch, dinner. They're always working out and I don't get it. Like, our village, villa, there was, like - there's a track that goes around the whole entire village. It's a walking path. So sometimes you would have to beat them on the other side or else they would, like, run into you. If anybody gets in their way, they don't even slow down. They just zip around you. They just, like - they don't care. POUNDSTONE: The heartless speed walkers. HANKS: I don't think any Olympic speed walker will ever be called the greatest athlete in the world, so you do have that over them. BILES: (Laughter) Thank you. HANKS: So, Simone Biles, we've invited you here to play a game we're calling... BILL KURTIS: This changes everything again. BILES: OK. HANKS: All right. Now, how old are you again, Simone? BILES: I'm 19. HANKS: Oh, dear Lord. This week marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, marking 10 years since many of us paid attention to our kids. (LAUGHTER) HANKS: It is also the 10th anniversary of, well, you being 9 years old. So we're going to ask you three questions about the history of this revolutionary device. You get two of them right and you'll win a prize for one of our listeners - Carl Kasell's voice on their iPhone voicemail, I guess. BURBANK: Sure. HANKS: Bill, who is Simone Biles playing for? KURTIS: Sarah Lambers of Santa Fe, N.M. HANKS: Oh, so it's you for Sarah. OK, here we go, Simone. You ready? BILES: Yes. HANKS: OK, hand on your buzzer now. In the time since it came out, people have used the iPhone in ways that Apple engineers did not expect, as in which of these? A, in 2016 GOP debate, Marco Rubio was spotted standing on two iPhones in an attempt to look taller; or B, in 2014, two brothers in Seattle attempted to popularize i-Ping i-Pong, in which old phones were used as paddles; or C, in South Korea, instead of their fingers, many people use sausages to type on their phones. A, B, or C - Marco Rubio, i-Ping i-Pong or sausages. BILES: B. HANKS: You're saying B? BILES: Yes. HANKS: Any second guess? BILES: No. HANKS: OK, you're sticking with B. (LAUGHTER) HANKS: All right. Well, unfortunately, the answer is C, sausages. No lie. POUNDSTONE: It's a ridiculous answer. HANKS: I know. POUNDSTONE: Who... HANKS: Is this your first time on WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME? BILES: Yes, but that's not a thing. Nobody uses sausages on their phone. HANKS: Well, let me... POUNDSTONE: I totally agree, Simone. HANKS: Let me explain why. POUNDSTONE: I would - is this unsubstantiated? HANKS: See, sausages can work on a touch screen just like fingers because they're made out of meat. BILES: Ew, gross. HANKS: Well. POUNDSTONE: Thank you, Simone, a voice of reason. HANKS: All right, next question. The key to the iphone's success is, of course, apps. Now, which of these is a real app that was unveiled in 2008? A, Boing, which, for $4.99, claimed to make your iPhone bounce right back to your hand when you inevitably dropped it; B, an app called I Am Rich, which costs $999.99 and did absolutely nothing; or C, Appendectomy, which, for 99 cents, gave users helpful instructions on removing their appendix at home and why. Which of those - let's admit it - two answers - do you think is the real app? BILES: I'm still going to go with B because I've seen an app that was $999. HANKS: OK, you're going with B, I Am Rich. BILES: Yes. HANKS: And you're right. You're right. (SOUNDBITE OF BELL) HANKS: That's correct. POUNDSTONE: So what is it? HANKS: I Am Rich, which, apparently, at least eight people actually bought and four of them are on stage with me. (LAUGHTER) HANKS: All right, Simone, here's your last question. When it came out, the iPhone was hailed for its simple, clean look. Things could have gone very different if Apple had gone with its original design for the iPhone. What was that design? Was it A, packed all the phone features into a wristwatch but then they realized that no one would buy something like that? Was it B, in a tribute to Steve Jobs, it was a touch sensitive black turtleneck? Or C, was it actually shaped like an apple? Wristwatch, turtleneck, apple. BILES: The first one, A. HANKS: That it was - packed all of its features into a wristwatch. No, it was actually C. It was actually shaped like an apple. The flip phone that you opened up to dial buttons was shaped like an apple. Now, they didn't come up with that. Oh, you got it wrong, kiddo, what can I tell you? BILES: These questions. (LAUGHTER) HANKS: Bill, how did Simone do? KURTIS: You know, we can't let anybody go away a loser. And if anybody in this world is not a loser, it's little Simone Biles. HANKS: Simone Biles, yes. (APPLAUSE) HANKS: Simone Biles has written a book. It's called "Courage To Soar." It's available wherever books are sold. Simone Biles, thank you so much for joining us on WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME. It was a pleasure. BILES: Thank you. SALIE: Bye, Simone. KURTIS: Thanks, Simone. HANKS: Bye, Simone. BILES: No problem. Bye. (SOUNDBITE OF JOHN WILLIAMS' "BUGLER'S DREAM AND OLYMPIC FANFARE MELODY") HANKS: In just a minute, crack open a cold one in our Listener Limerick Challenge game. Call 1-888-WAIT-WAIT to join us on air. We'll be back in a minute with more WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME from NPR. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Simone Biles Wins Third Gold Medal Of Rio Games On The Vault By Bill Chappell • Aug 14, 2016 With two main goals already accomplished – gold medals in both the team competition and in the individual all-around – Simone Biles turned to the vault to grab more Olympic gold Sunday. She beat seven other gymnasts in the individual event. "It's something I wanted so badly," Biles said afterwards, "so I just tried to keep a good mind going into vault." As U.S. Gymnastics tells us, with today's gold medal, Biles sets a U.S. record for the most gymnastics gold medals in one Olympics for a female athlete. She also becomes the first American woman to win gold on the vault. Tom Hanks Says Self-Doubt Is 'A High-Wire Act That We All Walk' By editor • Apr 26, 2016 In his new film, A Hologram for the King, Tom Hanks plays a middle-aged American businessman who is sent to Saudi Arabia, where the king is planning to build a new city in the middle of the desert. Hanks' character, Adam Clay, must persuade the Saudis to let the company he works for provide IT technology and support for this new city. © 2017 Texas Public Radio About TPR Support TPR Financial Reports Public Events Calendar Employment/EEO Community Advisory Board Nominations Privacy Policy Contact TPR
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Economic Insight Currencies Housing Econoday Calendar Home» Report on Business» Economy» Currencies President-elect Donald Trump stands with vice president-elect Mike Pence at a news conference at Trump Tower on Jan. 11, 2017, in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) President-elect Donald Trump stands with vice president-elect Mike Pence at a news conference at Trump Tower on Jan. 11, 2017, in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) CURRENCIES Why Trump should fear the mighty U.S. dollar Add to ... MATT LUNDY The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017 11:47AM EST Last updated Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017 7:25PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn If all goes according to plan, Donald Trump will bolster Corporate America through a cocktail of tax reform, regulation rollbacks and Keynesian-style stimulus. But his policies could also put upward pressure on the U.S. dollar, hampering the global competitiveness of the very companies he’s trying to help. The greenback jumped after the election, in part buoyed by the prospect of a free-spending Trump government. It’s the latest chapter in a bull run that’s seen the U.S. dollar index – which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies – jump 26 per cent over the past three years. The bull run is expected to continue. “Our overall assessment is that Trump will be highly supportive of the dollar,” Deutsche Bank said Thursday in a report, citing the president-elect’s coming central bank appointments and corporate tax reforms as the key drivers. Here’s how a dollar surge could unfold: The Trump administration uses fiscal stimulus, such as infrastructure spending, to juice growth. In turn, inflation jumps above the Federal Reserve’s 2-per-cent target. The Fed, already on a path to tighter policy, responds by hiking interest rates. Yield-hungry traders pile into U.S. investments, driving the greenback higher. Of course, currency moves have ramifications. Imports would cheapen, a victory for U.S. consumers. And there tends to be an inverse relationship between the U.S. dollar and oil prices. Chalk up a win for consumers at the gas pump. But U.S. exports would be more expensive to peddle abroad. Further, foreign sales would be converted back to U.S. dollars at worse rates, a direct blow to earnings. Foreign revenue is crucial for American firms. Among S&P 500 companies that disclose foreign revenue, 44.3 per cent of sales in 2015 came from overseas, according to an analysis from S&P Global. Take Apple Inc. as an example. The world’s most valuable company derived 60 per cent of its $216-billion in revenue for fiscal 2016 from outside the Americas. Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, writes that “at some point the strength of the U.S. dollar may well start to impact on U.S. corporate profits … For now U.S. investors don’t seem too concerned about that prospect, so caught up are they in the euphoria of the ‘Trump trade,’ but at some point overseas profits will take a hit in currency terms.” One policy is expected to shake up the dollar in a big way: the border adjustment tax. Part of a Republican plan to overhaul the tax code, it would tax imports at the corporate rate and exempt exports from taxation. The aim is to bolster domestic producers. In theory, the U.S. dollar would substantially appreciate if such a tax goes into effect, offsetting at least some of the impact. (Lower import prices would dull the pain for importers, while benefits for exporters would be neutralized by lower demand.) That’s assuming the dollar reacts as expected. If, for instance, the dollar barely budged, U.S. importers would get whacked. Inflation could spike, too, given the difficulty of rerouting global supply chains. This would hit the wallets of U.S. families, and again, the Fed could be forced into action. But even if the impact is minimal for American companies, there’s a broader impact: much of the world’s debt is denominated in U.S. dollars. Servicing that debt could become prohibitively expensive for foreign entities, posing risks to the global economy. There’s a big caveat to the dollar’s bull case: Mr. Trump might not do what the markets expect him to. Since his Wednesday press conference, which offered scant mention of his economics plans, the greenback is slumping. For some, it’s a welcome relief. Globe Talks: The Canadian economy under Trump. Join us on Jan. 19 for a live event. Get tickets here. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeBusiness More Related to this Story ALSO Markets become doubtful that all will be rosy under Trump Canada won't escape Trump’s protectionist measures as 'border tax' threatens exports Could Trumponomics lead to a U.S. recession? Topics Currencies Currency Donald Trump United States Federal Reserve System Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret Ontario universities pressed to show value, demand for graduate degrees How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Sunday 15 January 2017 In for the long haul: Peter Barrett's journey with aircraft leasing giant SMBC SMBC CEO Peter Barrett spoke to Group Business Editor Dearbhail McDonald as the firm celebrates yet another milestone Dearbhail McDonald Twitter Email Published 15/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share In for the long haul: Peter Barrett's journey with aircraft leasing giant SMBC Independent.ie When it launched its debut $500m bond last year, SMBC Aviation Capital, the Dublin-based aircraft lessor, found itself inundated with offers from investors. http://www.independent.ie/business/in-for-the-long-haul-peter-barretts-journey-with-aircraft-leasing-giant-smbc-35367389.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35367388.ece/5b0d2/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-15_bus_27792606_I1.JPG Email Peter Barrett Picture: David Conachy When it launched its debut $500m bond last year, SMBC Aviation Capital, the Dublin-based aircraft lessor, found itself inundated with offers from investors. Share In for the long haul: Peter Barrett's journey with aircraft leasing giant SMBC Independent.ie When it launched its debut $500m bond last year, SMBC Aviation Capital, the Dublin-based aircraft lessor, found itself inundated with offers from investors. http://www.independent.ie/business/in-for-the-long-haul-peter-barretts-journey-with-aircraft-leasing-giant-smbc-35367389.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35367388.ece/5b0d2/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-15_bus_27792606_I1.JPG Email Go To Comments In theory, SMBC could have raised close to $4bn as the inaugural capital markets foray was eight times oversubscribed. But Peter Barrett, SMBC's founding ceo, resisted such heady overtures, keeping his feet on the ground even though the day job requires his head to be kept firmly in the clouds. Last year was a landmark one for SMBC, which saw its revenues surpass the totemic $1bn mark and its aircraft asset exceeding $10bn. Last year also saw SMBC take delivery of its first Boeing 787-7 Dreamliner, in turn delivered to Air Europa, the Spanish carrier that has a major presence on South American routes. In December 2015 SMBC, which has a 700 strong fleet (one of the youngest fleets in the industry with an average age of 4.7 years) was upgraded by Fitch Ratings from BBB to BBB+ affirming its position as one of the highest-rated aircraft leasing companies in the world. And tomorrow SMBC reaches another milestone as the IFSC-based company marks the sixth anniversary of its acquisition by Japan's Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG) and Sumitomo Corporation (SC). But Barrett will have little time to blow out the candles on the proverbial birthday cake with the arrival in Dublin of 1,400 delegates from more than 65 countries who are attending Airfinance Journal's 19th annual conference. The airlines registered to attend the conference at Dublin's Convention Centre have a total estimated current market value of $325.2bn and hundreds of meetings have been scheduled. The return of the global conference to Dublin reaffirms Ireland's reputation as the pre-eminent centre for aviation finance and leasing. "It reflects well on Dublin and Ireland's position in aviation finance that one of the biggest if not the biggest global [aviation] conferences is here in Dublin," says Barrett, who says Ireland is home to some of the most seasoned aviation finance, leasing and legal specialists in the world. Aviation is one of Ireland's corporate runaway success stories, albeit one that tends to distort our GDP because of the way in which aircraft - that may never touch Irish soil - are measured. But it's a phenomenal record nonetheless. Seven out of 10 of the world's leading aircraft lessors have operations here and half of the world's leased fleet of commercial aircraft are leased or managed through Ireland. To put it another way, an Irish-leased aircraft takes off every two seconds. Like many of aviation's high-fliers including AerCap's Aengus Kelly and Avolon co-founder Domhnal Slattery, Barrett is a descendant of the late Dr Tony Ryan's Guinness Peat Aviation (GPA). The original leasing business set up in Shannon in 1975 by Ryan, dubbed "Ireland's Gatsby," also launched the careers of other prominent Irish businessmen including Ryanair ceo Michael O'Leary and Digicel founder Denis O'Brien, both of whom served as personal assistants to Ryan. Barrett, a qualified civil engineer and keen amateur photographer, doesn't dwell too much on his salad days in the GPA. But he says the experience with Ryan, whom the late Taoiseach Garret Fitzgerald said had "showed us how to transcend Ireland's geographical isolation," was formative and "great". "GPA is in the past, it's history," says the married father of three, who spends on average two weeks a month travelling overseas to meet customers in Europe, Asia and the Americas. "The thing I learnt most [from GPA] is that you can, as somebody who comes from a small island on the western part of Europe, a relatively insignificant place in some respects, if you have the hard work and the perseverance - and you need a lot of luck as well - but we can hold our own with anybody around the world," says Barrett. "I think that sense of confidence is probably the thing I learnt the most." It's a confidence that has been cemented by SMBC's acquisition by its new Japanese owners. Prior to that, SMBC (formerly RBS Aviation Capital) entered a period of turbulence when its owner, the Royal Bank of Scotland, sold its aircraft operating lease company to the Japanese consortium following RBS's spectacular collapse and bailout by the British taxpayer. "That was a very difficult time," says Barrett. "There was a lot of uncertainty for the business and in particular for the team. It was a period where we had to make some people redundant and scale back activities. "The concept of our shareholder literally going or pretty much going bust, wasn't something that was high on our risk [analysis]. Barrett says having two leading Japanese institutions as its shareholders has enabled him and a staff of some 160 to grow SMBC in a very "considered way" over the last five years. "In business, it's not all about the deal that's in front of you but your long-term strategy and delivering on that," said Barrett, adding that's the long-term outlook of SMBC's Japanese shareholders is "a real strength of our business". "It's not perfect all the time, no relationship is, but it has been a very good experience. The Japanese are very thoughtful people and they're very erudite, they don't do things on whims. So that long-term, thoughtful approach suits an industry like ours". Barrett, who has already traded 29 aircraft this financial year, is coy when asked if SMBC ran the rule over last year's aviation mega deal. This saw Slattery's Avolon, previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange, agree to pay $10bn to buy the leasing business of the CIT Group. He won't comment on specific deals, nor will he rule out future ones and is on record as saying that scale, on its own, has never been an objective. "Scale is important, but chasing scale for its own end?," he asks. "We're a big business, we make quite a bit of money." They certainly do. Last year pay to key management personnel at SMBC more than doubled to $28.8m. In 2015, Slattery received a discretionary $2.6m bonus. Whatever about the long-term, the airline sector is facing into fresh headwinds. Prolonged low oil prices have led many airlines to defer orders for new aircraft. The sector is also bracing itself for a higher cost environment with the bottoming out of the interest rate cycle. Many of SMBC's customers are also based in countries where a strengthened dollar will weaken domestic currencies and increase their costs. Barrett is also concerned about political unrest in countries such as Turkey, the rising tide of populism in Europe and beyond and the threat of protectionist policies following the election of billionaire Donald Trump as US President. "Inevitably oil price in industries change," he says. "It's the volatility and the pace of change is very often the thing you need to watch for. "Risks are inevitable and no market goes on forever, but its the pace that is critically important." Brexit is one such risk, but Barrett says that the departure of Britain from the European Union offers an opportunity for Ireland to focus on new markets. "The nature of what we do is a global business. That's something that Irish people and Irish businesses should not be afraid of," he says. "We're certainly not disadvantaged, we're well able to hold our own." Part of the reason why Ireland has been able to hold its own and dominate the global aircraft leasing sector is due to a delicate financial ecosystem in which tax policy and a host of non tax advantages have been key. There is Ireland's 12.5pc corporate tax rate. Tax treaties also play a vital role by reducing or eliminating withholding taxes on inbound lease rental payments. Ireland has some 70 double tax treaties with countries in key aviation markets such as the US, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and Malaysia. But Ireland's tax regime is under sustained threat in the wake of the €13bn Apple ruling and plans by Europe to forge ahead with the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base (CCCTB) and a common Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive. The pace of change in international taxation is bewildering and it's other low-tax jurisdictions such as Singapore and Hong Kong that are snapping at the heels of Ireland's aviation pioneers. "Tax policy is critically important," says Barrett who has praised successive governments for supporting the development of the aviation finance and leasing industry. "Obviously, we have our European partners that we need to take into consideration, we need to act in a prudent and sensible way, but it's important that we make sure that the things that are important to our country are well-articulated and well understood." Infrastructure such as housing and office stock as well as schooling to attract overseas talent is also key, according to Barrett. Aircraft leasing and finance was once the preserve of self-confesses "aerosexuals" - people who love planes. But Barrett says trading aircraft assets has moved from being a niche financial asset to being something more mainstream. It is certainly something that captivates Barrett who is in the sector for the long haul. "I consider myself very fortunate and privileged," says Barrett. "I've been fortunate. This is going to sound trite - I'm thankful every day, because it's been a great journey." 'My priority is to spend time with family' What do you do in your spare time? I spend a lot of time travelling around the world to meet with our investors and airline customers, so when I find myself with any spare time in Ireland my priority is to spend it with my family. What book are you reading? I read widely, but have a particular interest in history. What's the best piece of business/career advice you've received, and who gave it to you? I learned early on in my career the importance of working with bright and talented colleagues. I've been very fortunate that I've managed to do so throughout my working life. Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More Davy cuts growth forecast for 2017  Gavin McLoughlin Davy Stockbrokers has cut its forecast for Irish economic growth in 2017 from 4pc to 3.7pc. Commercial rent hike threatens to push Irish firms out of capital's centre - Lisney  Gavin McLoughlin Dublin risks developing a two-tier commercial property market with multinationals in the desirable city centre and indigenous businesses increasingly pushed to the margins, one of Ireland's biggest estate... Share watch: Will builder prove safe bet in era of Brexit and Trump?  John Lynch Regular readers of these pages will know we are lost in admiration for individuals and corporations who have a well-founded reputation for building things. The bigger, indeed, the better. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Two deer found shot and decapitated in shocking poaching incident on Irish...  Agri-Business TV and broadband: Best value is a combined broadband offer  Switching Saturday Your Money: Six scams to be on the alert for in 2017  Personal Finance Meet the Irish pensioner living in a 280-year-old cottage with no running water,...  Homes Paul Kimmage meets Rory McIlroy - Part Two: Ryder Cup battles, Irish Open win and his longing...  Golf Dutch parenting lessons that Irish mums and dads could learn from- 'Children in the...  Parenting 'I was bleeding inside, but I didn't want to go near the hospital' – Man bought blood test...  Irish News 'I have done 100 days alcohol free, saved €1,000 and dropped a jean size' - Could...  Health Features Freeze them out of it, said the honest man 'All talk, no action' - Fury as Trump unleashes Twitter attack on civil rights legend John Lewis Scores of migrants feared dead as bodies found in Mediterranean after boat overturned Yes, we are all Mexicans now Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Meet the 19-year-old Galwayman making waves at pedigree sheep breeding Darragh Cunniffe is aiming to become one of the top... New blood: Knockhouse stud adds two exciting stallions to its legendary fold Few will remember the great National Hunt sire... UK could become 'tax haven' of Europe if it is shut out of single market after Brexit Britain is willing to rip up its economic model and... Two deer found shot and decapitated in shocking poaching incident on Irish... Gardai in Slane are currently investigating a... South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief South Korea's special prosecutor said it will take... Tobacco farming went up in smoke during the 1940s The story of Irish tobacco growing is closely associated with Sir Nugent Everard. Why mother's milk is 'liquid gold' for calves after birth It has been well established that calf rearing/replacements are the second biggest cost on... Opinion: Farmers should open up their empty winter fields to the public? Three thoughts, one idea. Tipp farmer with ambitions to produce premium cigars from tobacco grown in Ireland Talk of Tipperary and the first things that come to... Hibernia Reit is dragged into Dunne bankruptcy battle in the United States Hibernia Reit could potentially come in for scrutiny... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon WATCH: Once you hear the tune on this African TV ad for Kerrygold you won't be able to get it out of your head VIDEO: 'Every strategy is dependent upon execution - or it will fail' WATCH: 'What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?' - Lisa Nichols WATCH: Car of the future - Check out the most teched out car you've ever seen The Chrysler Portal Concept has been designed... VIDEO - Focus on these key tasks to propel you towards your business goals faster From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... Another Brexit as ambassador bids farewell British ambassador to Ireland Dominick Chilcott, who warned during the UK... By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Gadgets Intuition Robotics ElliQ ElliQ is an Amazon Echo copycat for your grandma January 12, 2017 4:02 PM PST Intuition Robotics We saw no shortage of Amazon Echo copycats at CES. ElliQ is another such device in the mold of Amazon's always-listening speaker, except ElliQ is specifically designed for the elderly. From Intuition Robotics, a startup focused on technology for social companionship, the ElliQ was designed by Yves Behar's firm fuseproject, and it has the look of a slick, futuristic device. The main piece has what looks like two all-white lamps stacked on each other. The top one moves around and lights up to give ElliQ a personality. The secondary piece is essentially a tablet that ElliQ can control to show more information and start video calls. Tailored for senior citizens At first glance, nothing about ElliQ screams "Echo for the elderly" to me, but apparently, it's meant to have personality without looking like a robot and thus being off-putting for those uncomfortable with new tech. Other Alexa imitators Rokid Pebble Baidu Little Fish SmartBeings WooHoo Like the Echo, ElliQ can play music or podcasts. You can control it with your voice without having to read or touch anything. Beyond the Echo, ElliQ will tell you if you've received a message and help you interact with social media. In the debut video, when a young relative posts a picture message, ElliQ informs the convivial grandmother, and offers to show the picture on the screen. The grandmother then dictates a response to ElliQ. I like the idea of vocal push notifications -- something the Echo doesn't have -- which would be especially useful to help a senior citizen with the tech. ElliQ can also offer reminders about appointments, and urge you to take your medicine or go out for a walk. Supposedly, ElliQ learns and adapts to behavior over time. Showing off ElliQ On display starting today at the Design Museum in London, Intuition Robotics will start trial runs with ElliQ in the bay area next month. Since it doesn't work with Amazon's Alexa, the Google Assistant or Apple's Siri, I'll need to see it to believe that it responds as seamlessly to voice commands as shown in the company's video. 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) As the first always-listening voice assistant that's proactive as well as reactive, ElliQ will also need to walk the line with those push notifications and avoid becoming annoying. I admire the active approach to using tech to engage with elderly relatives, but my grandma, for one, would toss it in the garbage the first time it overstepped its bounds and annoyed her. We don't have any pricing information on ElliQ yet, but hopefully the gamble of giving your older relative a high-tech companion will be a reasonable splurge. Editors' Top Picks See All Amazon Echo Starting at: $179.99 Amazon's smart speaker was arguably the breakout product of 2015. Now, for 2016, we're... Lifx Color 1000 Smart Bulb Starting at: $89.99 The second-gen Lifx Color 1000 is best at brightness, efficiency, color quality and ease... Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit Starting at: $31.79 Leave your phone in your pocket -- for $40, the Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit gives... BeOn Starter Pack Starting at: $129.00 BeOn's smart LEDs promise to fool burglars into thinking that you're home and will work...   Discuss: Intuition Robotics ElliQ Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Intuition Robotics ElliQ Part Number: CNETElliQ Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Andrew Gebhart Andrew has been writing for a while, especially if you include the superhero comics he wrote as a kid. More recently, he was the lead writer on a textbook for Kaplan, but now, he’s made the trek from Chicago to review appliances in Louisville. Andrew gets excited by smartly designed tech, particularly when it gives him superpowers in his own home. CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Samsung finds faulty BATTERIES caused Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a massive recall that could cost the firm $19 BILLION EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes for getting arrested after putting gun to new girlfriend's head in drunken row Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a 'playful gesture'  Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Previous Next Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell By Sameer Suri For Dailymail.com Published: 20:10 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 23:26 EST, 14 January 2017 e-mail 16 shares 19 View comments Kate Mara was spotted on Thursday enjoying a stroll in New York City, a large ring glinting on her left hand. The following day, E! News wrangled a confirmation from her representatives that she's engaged to marry her Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell. When she was seen in New York, she'd pulled on a seemingly airtight pair of black jeans that accented her impressively svelte legs. The evidence: Kate Mara was spotted on Thursday enjoying a stroll in New York City, a large ring glinting on her left hand Layering up for the cold, the 33-year-old had flung a black anorak over a grey hoodie, which in turn she wore over a black and white striped top. A small black leather purse dangled from her right shoulder, and with both hands, she held a bulging navy and sky blue duffel bag in front of her. The House Of Cards star, who'd popped on black and white Nike trainers, was also seen later that day, having swapped the anorak for a finely checked long coat. The word's out: The following day, E! News wrangled a confirmation from her representatives that she's engaged to marry her Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Showing what she's got: When she was seen in New York, she'd pulled on a seemingly airtight pair of black jeans that accented her impressively svelte legs As E! News have pointed out, they'd met in 2014 whilst filming the ill-fated Fantastic Four reboot, which opened in cinemas in 2015. Though the sister of Rooney Mara's never been married before, her 30-year-old husband-to-be went down the aisle with Evan Rachel Wood in 2012. During their 19-month go at matrimony, Wood and Bell produced a now three-year-old son, but by 2014 they'd publicly separated. Layering up for the cold: The 33-year-old had flung a black anorak over a grey hoodie Evening wear: The House Of Cards star, who'd popped on black and white Nike trainers, was also seen later that day, having swapped the anorak for a finely checked long coat Get that hero coat by Sandro like Kate $695 Sandro Heroes Tench Coat On sale for 417 at Sandro here! Buy now Kate Mara is just like us! The brunette er blonde beauty was spotted on the NYC and while caught in the sudden drop in temperature, headed into Sandro and purchased a fabulous plaid trend coat. She dressed to blend in with the crowd in jeans, a hooded sweatshirt and striped tee. Her topper is by Sandro, a trendy French brand whose celeb patrons include Kristen Stewart, Kirsten Dunst, Emma Stone and Miranda Kerr. A plaid trench coat is a classic that will never go out of style so it makes a great investment when it comes to outerwear. Look how well it layers with stripes and a sports luxe look! Mara's ersion will keep you warm and toasty during the winter months while neutral base colors will work for all seasons. The best part is that it's on sale for $417 now! But if you're in need of more choices before you swipe that credit card, browse through the checked patterns below. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET ONE LIKE IT $258 Helene Berman Ovoid Ema Coat In Confetti Tweed at Asos (now $173) Buy now $1190 Carven Checked wool-blend tweed coat at Net-A-Porter (now reduced to $595) Buy now $1974 Etro Brocade-insert collarless tweed coat at Matches Fashion Buy now $198 Via Spiga Tweed Funnel Neck Coat at Nordstrom (now reduced to $109.90) Buy now Mara's new engagement ring had previously made a conspicuous appearance last Sunday, in a Twitter photo that nodded to her well-heeled parentage. The Bedford native was decked out in logos from the New York Giants, owned by her father's side of the family, and the Pittsburgh Steelers, owned by her mother's. As she used her left hand to point to a pair of socks advertising the Big Apple's American football team, the ring glittered on her finger. Varying experience: Their upcoming marriage will be Mara's first and Bell's second Origin story: They'd met in 2014 whilst filming the ill-fated Fantastic Four reboot, which opened in cinemas in 2015 Well-heeled parentage: Mara's new engagement ring had previously made a conspicuous appearance last Sunday, in a Twitter photo advertising the New York Giants, owned by her father's side of the family, and the Pittsburgh Steelers, owned by her mother's Share or comment on this article e-mail 16 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (19) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Samsung Electronics finds faulty BATTERIES caused the Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a... EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes after... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home     U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Bingo Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Exclusive food special: Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry By Davina Mccall Published: 19:03 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 19:57 EST, 14 January 2017 e-mail 7 shares 32 View comments The smart and fast way to eat less sugar and feel fab ‘The most overrated ingredient is KALE. Eating it is like CHEWING WOOD’ Davina reveals her rules for healthy eating, unfriends a superfood and recalls a lunch that reduced her to tears What’s the big idea? My new book develops the ethos of my previous two cookbooks, which means cutting out refined sugar and eating smart carbs. The recipes are healthy, but designed for our busy lives. When I come home from work or the school run and I’m hungry, I need to be able to make something that is good for me and my family pretty quickly. Tortilla lasagne Any other rules? My basic rule of thumb is to try to eat healthily 80 per cent of the time and treat yourself 20 per cent of the time, which I think is achievable for most people. How has this way of eating worked for you? I have loads more energy and my skin is much better. The more I’ve spoken to people about it, the more I feel I have been vindicated in my belief that sugar is not good for us. Any tips to keep us on track? Sugar is very addictive and it’s a hard habit to kick, but if you can manage to stay away from it for just one day, the following days become easier. Try to have some mini sugar-free snacks available for when you get those afternoon cravings. Who taught you to cook? My lovely Granny Pippy, who brought me up until I was 13. She was the queen of home cooking. Earliest food memory? Boiled ham and parsley sauce, which Granny used to make. We had it recently at my dad’s 74th birthday and I loved it. Guilty pleasure? There’s a really easy recipe in my book Smart Carbs for sticky toffee pudding, which is off-the-chart amazing – but it isn’t something to help you lose weight! Last meal on earth? A chicken with all the trimmings. We have a roast dinner every Sunday at home. Favourite restaurant? The George Inn, a pub in the village where we live, near Tunbridge Wells. The food is lovely, the atmosphere is great, we know everyone there and the people who own it are wonderful. Fish crumble Who would you invite to your dream dinner party? Dawn French, Kate Bush, Helen Mirren, Jennifer Lawrence, Kirsty Young, Jamie and Jools Oliver and Alexander Skarsgård – I’d put him at the end of the table and just look at him. Most useful kitchen gadget? A vegetable crinkle cutter, which is part of my kitchen utensils range for Lakeland. It’s the best gadget ever and you can use it to make crinkle-cut sweet-potato chips [Davina for Lakeland Crinkle Cutter, £6.99, lakeland.co.uk]. Favourite tipple? I don’t drink alcohol, but as a weekend treat I’ll occasionally have a Coca-Cola Zero – it’s where my whole healthy eating thing goes completely to pot! What did you have for breakfast today? Homemade granola, a slice of amazing brown bread from my Panasonic bread-maker and honey from our own hives. Food hero? It has to be Jamie Oliver. He always strikes the right tone in his campaigns without nagging, nannying or being militant. Most memorable meal? Years ago while I was filming at Claridge’s for a TV dating show, Gordon Ramsay offered to cook lunch just for me at the chef’s table in the kitchen of his restaurant there. I recall half a dozen tiny, exquisite courses and I remember thinking, ‘I’m on my own – how am I ever going to describe to anybody what this is like?’ Just watching Gordon’s extraordinary skill actually made me cry. I normally wolf down my food, but on that day I really savoured every mouthful. Signature dish? Chicken crumble – it’s a real favourite with my children. We devised a fish version for the new book (for the recipe, see page 45). Favourite food programme on TV? MasterChef is absolutely brilliant and something we watch together as a family. My eldest, Holly, 15, is a really keen cook and she loves it. What would you make if you only had five minutes? Something with eggs, such as a frittata or an omelette. Deliciously Ella or decadently Nigella? Deliciously Ella, definitely. Squidgy banana and pecan tray bake One thing that drives you mad about food is… Healthy food that is more expensive [than unhealthy food] when there’s no justification for it. Why should people be penalised financially for trying to be healthier? Your food philosophy? It’s that 80-20 approach to healthy eating. Your three essential ingredients? Eggs, quinoa – which I use in lots of things – and spelt flour. Most underrated ingredient? I can’t tell you the most underrated, but the most overrated is kale. Eating it is like chewing wood. I admit to making kale crisps, though – strictly minus the tough stems. We all need a little crunchy, salty something to snack on sometimes. If you could have only one cookbook, what would it be? I’ve been cooking from Jamie Oliver’s books forever, so it would have to be one of his – probably Jamie’s Dinners. GREAT FOOD... IN A HURRY  Life really is busy, isn’t it?! We are all speeding around, trying our best to cook and eat healthily and feed our bodies what they need. But it’s easy to let things slip. I am in a hurry. Most of the time. So that’s why I’m really excited about my new collection of refined-sugar-free family recipes – which are completely yummy. I’ve loved working with my team to develop them. The good news is that the ingredients don’t cost the earth and the dishes don’t take long to prepare and cook. There’s everything from soups and scrumptious suppers to the most delicious cakes and puddings for the occasional treat. So, let’s get it on and cook something up…in a hurry. Turn the page to find out more.    My new book: what’s different I’ve learnt so much since my first cookbook, 5 Weeks to Sugar-Free. I’m loving cooking more and more – and I’m passionate about providing good, healthy food for my family. But OMG there’s a bewildering amount of advice out there now. It seems as though not only dietitians and chefs but also a whole gang of bloggers and home-cooks are on Instagram and Twitter, telling us what and what not to eat, giving us their version of the latest superfood diet and what to do about yo-yoing blood sugar. But good food doesn’t have to involve crazy, hard-to-find, expensive ingredients and huge amounts of time in the kitchen boiling up mysterious concoctions. Much as I love food and my family, I just don’t have hours to spend on cooking. I want fast, I want tasty, I want healthy.    Quick, quick, slow Most of the recipes in the new book don’t involve chopping and stirring for hours and they use ingredients that you can find in most supermarkets. Yes, there are recipes that take a bit longer, but that’s mostly allowing time for meat to marinate or for a stew to bubble its way to deliciousness in the oven. That means once you’ve done some speedy prep you can go off for a walk, a bike ride with the kids or even grab some me-time, knowing that you’ll come back to a fab meal.   What’s important I’m not a scientist or a food expert, but from working on my books with great cooks and nutritionists I’m now convinced that preparing your own meals from food that is as fresh and unprocessed as possible is what really counts. That way you know exactly what you’re eating and you can control your portions and your salt and sugar intake.  Try to avoid convenience foods such as ready meals, prepared sauces and shop-bought cakes and biscuits. Buy stuff that’s had as little done to it as possible and you’ll save money, too. But that doesn’t mean you can’t use foods such as frozen peas and cans of beans and tomatoes, or even ready-cooked quinoa and rice. They deserve a place in everyone’s larder and are great for getting a super-quick meal on the table – you’ll see them crop up quite often in the recipes in the book for speed’s sake. Just get into the habit of checking the ingredients of anything you buy in a packet or tin. For example, look for cans of beans without added salt and sugar.   Sugar! Sugar is the big concern. The latest guidelines from the World Health Organisation say that our intake of free sugars (that means added sugars, not the natural sugar in foods such as fruit and milk) should make up less than ten per cent of our total calorie intake. Ideally, it should be below five per cent – or about six teaspoons a day. And don’t forget that includes the sugar in foods such as chutneys, jams and sauces.  Avoid refined white sugar and when you do bake a sweet treat, use honey or dried fruit instead. Sweeten cakes with naturally sweet vegetables such as carrots and beetroot. This might sound odd at first, but they taste amazing – try the Courgette Cake, the Carrot, Apple and Walnut Cupcakes or the Chocolate and Beetroot Traybake on the following pages. You’ll find that the less sugar you have, the less you will crave.   Calories optional Cooking from the recipes in the book will help to keep you on the straight and narrow – avoiding sugar and refined carbs and eating plenty of smart carbs, veggies and good protein. If you want to calorie count, we’ve included calorie info with each recipe in this food special, plus, in the book, full nutritional details, giving the carbohydrate, fat, protein, sugar and salt content of each one. If you want to lose weight, have a look at the 5-week planner in the book for menus that will gradually reduce your calorie count and your sugar intake.   Guilt-free snacking Fiona, my nutritionist, advises three small meals a day with a couple of snacks in between. In my family we now make our own so we know exactly what we’re eating. There’s a whole chapterful of my favourite guilt-free nibbles in the book, including my Crispy Cauli Cheese Bites, Spicy Squash Houmous and – why not have a go now? – the Apple and Cheese Scones on the right.   Make a plan Planning is key when time is short and you need a good meal on the table quickly. I can cope with shopping and enjoy cooking, but sometimes it’s the thinking of what to have day after day that’s the hardest bit. And it’s easy to get stuck in a rut and just cook the same things over and over, rather than trying something new. But if you think ahead and plan your week’s meals in advance, not only do you reduce stress but it also helps you balance your diet.  Get the whole family involved and ask them what they would like to eat. Ask them to look through the book and pick out the dishes they fancy! There are plenty of yummy soups and salads and tasty snacks – even my favourite nachos! – as well as filling main meals and fab puddings and cakes that are sweetened with honey, fruit and even veg. You’re going to love them.  You’ll find ideas to inspire you and get you started on the following pages. Eating well has never tasted so good! NUTRITION: KEY TAKEAWAYS  Everyone is talking about blood sugar nowadays. I didn’t really understand it all completely, so for the book I talked to people who do. I’ve been back to Fiona, my lovely nutritionist, to get the lowdown on that and other things I’m not clear about, such as ‘superfoods’ and eating ‘clean’. Check out her answers below. (In the book we cover the whole blood sugar thing in detail if you’re keen to find out more.) What is the best way of eating to keep my blood sugar under control? Eat little and often, choose smart carbs and cut out refined foods such as white sugar, white flour and so on. Watch your portion size, keep your weight within the ideal range and keep active. I keep hearing about ‘clean eating’ – what does it mean? Clean eating means eating foods that are as close to the way that nature delivers them as possible. It doesn’t mean cutting out wheat, gluten or dairy, eating only raw or alkaline foods, or food combining or balancing ‘macros’. Eating clean simply means basing your diet around wholefoods that are unprocessed or minimally processed, in season and – as much as possible – locally grown and organic. Heavily processed foods have usually been stripped of their nutrients and stuffed full of additives and extra salt, sugar or fats. You don’t need a degree in nutrition to know that these foods can’t be good for you and aren’t the best way of fuelling your body. What are superfoods? To be honest, the term superfood has become a bit of a marketing gimmick. Although there’s no legal or scientific definition of a superfood, most nutrition experts would define a superfood as any food that delivers an impressive amount of particular vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, phytochemicals, dietary fibre or healthy fats. They are foods that are known to help protect against a whole host of diseases, including cancer and heart disease as well as dementia and other diseases associated with ageing. Superfoods don’t have to be expensive or exotic – a carrot is a superfood. In fact most fruit and vegetables could be called superfoods. You’ll find plenty of superfoods in the recipes in the book and on these pages.   GET 20 PER CENT OFF DAVINA’S NEW BOOK Our food special is adapted from Davina’s Sugar-Free in a Hurry by Davina McCall, published by Orion, price £16.99.  As well as Davina’s introduction and pages of lowdown on sugar-free eating, chapters include Light Meals and Soups, Speedy Salads, Easy Suppers, Weekend Specials, Guilt-Free Snacks and Sweet Things. You’ll also find full nutritional info for each recipe and Davina’s flexible, easy-to-follow five-week plan for weight loss using the approach and dishes in the book.  To order a copy for £13.59 (a 20 per cent discount) until 29 January, visit you-bookshop.co.uk or call 0844 571 0640; p&p is free on orders over £15. Davina's fabulous recipes in full... Previous 1 2 3 4 Next Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Chocolate, beetroot and... Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Chicken cacciatore Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Sunshine soup Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Tortilla lasagne Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Fish crumble  Davina's Sugar-free in a hurry: Lamb and apricot pilaf  Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Pork meatballs with pasta... Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Lemon drizzle cake  Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Apple and cheese scones Davina's Sugar-free in a Hurry: Courgette, lemon and poppy... Davina's Sugar-free in a hurry: Squidgy banana and pecan... Davina's Sugar-free in a hurry: Carrot, apple and walnut... Food: Rachel Kelly's happy eating Share this article Share      Read more: Davina's Sugar-Free in a Hurry : The Smart Way to Eat Less Sugar and Feel Fantastic: Davina McCall: 9781409157694: Mailbookshop.co.uk Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Comments (32) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore     MORE DON'T MISS 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico He's endured divorce, death, disaster... and a feud with Richard Branson. Now Mike Oldfield's back - and he's plotting a gleaming new Tubular Bells Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  68-year-old considers working with young band 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels Hollywood icon by sipping wine and posing in red bra and skirt on the kitchen counter New year, new look? Jemma Lucy and fellow reality star Chantelle Connelly are uncharacteristically covered up as they join forces for night out Dressing down CBB's Jamie O'Hara sets his sight on Bianca Gascoigne following his short-lived flirtation with Jasmine Waltz  'Holding back' Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai Early morning tweeting Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Doting mum Sam Faiers opts for casual look in beige top as she leaves baby Paul at home for book signing Showcased her petite frame What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together but the pair 'remain friends' 'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's presidential inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch Dinner with one of his sons in West Hollywood Exclusive food special: Sugar-free in a Hurry - Davina reveals her rules for healthy eating, unfriends a superfood and recalls a lunch that reduced her to tears Casually-clad Tom Hardy happily signs autographs as he causes a fan frenzy at LAX after successful debut of new series Taboo 'She's just special': Mark Wright leads the tributes as wife Michelle Keegan wins praise from fans for 'amazing' performance in Tina And Bobby Former X Factor winner Alexandra Burke flaunts her rock hard abs in sporty crop top and skinny jeans as she steps out in style Top form She's the wurst! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton showcases her ample cleavage in plunging sundress as she feeds male admirer her sausage 'I've picked my boy's name!' Stephanie Davis 'to name newborn son after stranger who chatted her up'... as she denies ex Jeremy McConnell 'reached out'  What a hoot! The Duchess of Cambridge aged seven, helping to build the Middleton family's party millions  Kate with blower at full stretch and a stripey hat 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled 'Calum won't change his good behaviour now that I'm out!' Angie Best becomes first housemate to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother CBB surprise! Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry, Apprentice's Jessica Cunningham and Kim Woodburn enter after Austin Armacost's SHOCK eviction Uma Thurman's ex accuses her of having serious mental illness and mixing alcohol with drugs during nasty custody battle over four-year-old Luna Take THAT! The Voice forced to pay Gary Barlow royalties for using his music... as his rival series Let It Shine faces criticism for letting West End stars audition 'Progress not perfection': Vicky Pattison shows off her post-Christmas weight loss by flaunting her figure in topless mirror selfie That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice TOWIE star Megan McKenna displays her perky cleavage and taut midriff in sequinned bikini as she continues her idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Pressure is on Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's north London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  The Crystal Maze set to make a comeback hosted by Richard Ayoade on Channel 4 After the success of the one-off charity special Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA Stylish figure It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' 'Stabbed in the back'  She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after THAT skinny dip with the pop star Ibiza Weekender star Imogen Townley suffers a nip-slip in plunging swimsuit as she frolics on the beach during girls' holiday in Spain with Lisa Appleton Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London From Panto and Hollywood to running a tea shop and voicing the Bible: What became of all 34 former Blue Peter presenters after they left the classic children's show  A touch of royalty! Zara Phillips and Jodi Anasta lead the fashion stakes at Magic Millions race day in Queensland It's the horse race that stops the Gold Coast Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series Snatch Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York Kooky style He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage and pert poserior in tiny negligee for 'polaroid' snaps while teasing secret new project 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters 'Leave it till after 10, there are kids watching!' EastEnders fans express outrage as Kim Fox calls her sister Denise a 'cold-hearted b***h' in pre-watershed broadcast Leader of the pack! An athletic looking Joanna Krupa shows off her toned legs while walking her four pups to the park 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Model looks Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Katie Price goes completely naked for calendar as she debuts new horse tattoo... before crouching in sexy thigh-high boots Thirsty work! Jennifer Hawkins beats the heat with a refreshing coconut and displays her leopard-print bikini during Maldives jaunt with Jake Wall Little boy lost who took 25 years to find his way back home to mum: Saroo Brierley used Google Earth to track down his family 6,000 miles away - as portrayed in film starring Nicole Kidman  Kat Graham leggy and lovely at swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio Two outfits She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Stylishly sporty look  Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: How World Cup hero Bobby Moore's widow Stephanie has found new love with another married man Michelle Keegan shines as a footballer's wife in the '60s with the same name as the Coronation Street character that made her famous, by Jim Shelley Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging around Ringing in the polo! Shanina Shaik flaunts diamond sparkler at Portsea Polo after revealing her plans for a long engagement to DJ Ruckus Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Girl next door look Charges dropped! Blac Chyna 'will not be prosecuted for drug possession' after she was caught with ecstasy at Texas airport Diamond day! Kirsten Dunst shows off her ring from Jesse Plemons as she is spotted for the first time since the couple's engagement announcement 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Style jean-ius! Bella Hadid flashes glimpse of toned torso as she steps out in denim vest and crop top with a blue newsboy hat and pair of perforated black heels Fashion Fail? Nicole Richie shares flashback Friday image wearing same garish dress as her mum in 1992 Owning up to her mistakes 'Mother and baby are doing fine': Stephanie Davis gives birth to baby boy after 'going into labour for gruelling 48 HOURS' Former Hollyoaks star, 23, has her first child 'If he's my son I'll step up!' Jeremy McConnell congratulates ex Stephanie Davis following birth of baby... but STILL refuses to confirm he's the father No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram Timeless beauty Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Toned tummy Forgiving Phil's infidelity, sex with a 17 year-old, and putting a baby up for adoption... Sharon, Michelle, and Denise failed the 'strong female character' test in EastEnders 'I'm really very excited!' MIC's Binky Felstead bags a coveted  modelling contract with Select... as the agency celebrates its 40th anniversary Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Kim's Christmas photo to treasure. Zara Phillips' husband Mike Tindall - works the runway in sharp navy suit as he competes in fashion event at Magic Millions race day Best foot forward 'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance Growing and glowing! Pregnant Amanda Seyfried shows off her budding bump while picking up her pooch from doggy day care Scott Disick 'went MIA in Dubai while watching over Kim Kardashian and Kourtney flipped out' before cryptic tweet 'Lord Disick' missing in action? Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all The Kardashian seal of approval! Khloe wears the exact same pair of trousers as Kim stepped out in Dubai (but then they are Kanye's design) Prince and his second wife lived a life of luxury regularly spending $50,000 on parties and having accounts at Gucci, Versace and Valentino boutiques, unsealed divorce file shows Her brother's keeper! Margot Robbie gives her brother Cameron a job at the production company she co-owns with husband Tom Ackerley 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid 'We are so incredibly grateful!' Jesy Nelson leads the celebrations as Little Mix make history with longest reigning girl-group number one album since the Spice Girls Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch Replay: News at Five WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Gift Guide Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 26° High 34° Mon 28° 37° Tue 30° 36° Wed 27° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Central Iowan Wins on ‘Chopped’ Posted 8:58 pm, January 14, 2017, by Reid Chandler Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Adam Kenworthy won a recent episode of the Food Network’s show, ‘Chopped.’ He is originally from Des Moines. Please enable Javascript to watch this video DES MOINES, Iowa - A Central Iowa native is getting national recognition for his culinary creations. Adam Kenworthy, or "Chef Adam," as he is known by his thousands of social media followers, grew up in Des Moines. But his efforts to become a top chef didn't begin until about five years ago. "You know, it started with my passion for athletics, and you know, moved into eating clean and educating myself on nutrition," he said. "And then really, things picked up, and became part of the New York City hustle, where you do whatever you've got to do to survive. So, I knew that I was great at cooking, so I started doing it on the side." But that side-job is now Kenworthy's full-time gig. In fact, it earned him a first place finish in a recent episode of The Food Network's hit show, "Chopped." While most contestants on the show apply, Kenworthy was recruited for it. "Chopped actually reached out to me - so I was a little surprised on that end," he said. It's a full-circle moment for Kenworthy and his dad; just last May, the two were in local news for a plane crash that caused Kenworthy's father, Dave, to sustain critical injuries. Thankfully, a surgery got him back on his feet, and months later, allowed him to see his son compete and win on a national television show. "When he told us that he was going to be a contestant on it, we were just really excited," Dave Kenworthy said. "When I left Des Moines, I drove very early to see my dad, and he was in the hospital bed, prior to his surgery," Adam Kenworthy said. "And I was like, 'Dad look, I'm good. You know, we survived, and not only did we survive, but I'm not injured badly. I'm flying back to New York, I have to go back because of Chopped,' but I said, 'I'm going to win it for you.'" And he did just that; now, his dad just has to figure out how to get him to bring that fine dining back to Central Iowa. "Des Moines has really flourished in a number of ways that, it's very enticing for him to come back," Dave Kenworthy said. While Chef Adam has a busy 2017 lined up in the Big Apple, he admits he has some dreams back in the Heartland, too. "There's a lot of cool, like lofty places - and coming from New York, it's so expensive, and to see these super cool spaces kind of emerging in downtown," he said. "I could definitely see myself trying to open up something eventually." Filed in: News Topics: adam kenworthy, chef adam, chopped, Des Moines, food network, Iowa Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Channel 13 is on Instagram! Join the fun. Share with us! Popular Winter Storm Could Bring Dangerous Conditions Sunday Night Des Moines Man Found in Utah Accused of Missing Woman’s Murder Latest News Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to be Honored by Lawmakers on Monday Dog Saves Owner from Freezing to Death After He Slipped and Broke His Neck Iowans Stock Up to Stay Away from Storm “Park, Eat, Play” Project to Combat Parking Problem in Downtown Des Moines News Bistro Montage Closing After 16 Years Of Serving French Cuisine News Latest Des Moines Homicide Has Victim’s Pastor Calling on Community to Step Up News Artists in Mitchellville Lend Their Talents for Fallen Officers News Video Released From Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting News Winter Weather in Central Iowa has Experts Advising You to Stay Indoors News Community Showing Support for Police in Variety of Ways Politics Interest High on ‘Both Sides’ for Thursday’s Trump Visit News Project for Marking Pioneer Baby Graves at Woodland Cemetery Receives Much-Needed Funds News Man Makes Des Moines Marathon His 99th News Young Men of Color Conference Aims to Inspire, Provide Resources News Law Enforcement Officers Helping Hungry Iowans News Push to Make Community Better Following the Death of Murdered Teen News Des Moines B-Cycles Doubling if City Council Approves Measure Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
