Go Tuesday 24 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 29 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons The military and Nigeria’s security 17 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 26 mins ago  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Samsung says Q4 profits up 50% despite Note7 recall 16 hours ago  Gadgets Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Barca chief relaxed despite Messi speculation 5 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts 'La La Land' grabs record 14 Oscar nominations 4 hours ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Doubt over Everest's true height spurs fresh expedition 5 hours ago  Science More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Breaking News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers Technology  |  Technology   Andy Rubin nears his comeback, complete with an ‘essential’ phone By Bloomberg   |   16 January 2017   |   3:59 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Andy RubinJust over two years after leaving Google, Andy Rubin is preparing to take on the smartphone industry he helped create. Rubin, creator of the Android operating system, is planning to marry his background in software with artificial intelligence in a risky business: consumer hardware. Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter. A platform company designed to tie multiple devices together, Essential is working on a suite of consumer hardware products, including ones for the mobile and smart home markets, one of the people said. The centerpiece of the system is a high-end smartphone with a large edge-to-edge screen that lacks a surrounding bezel. At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in early January, Rubin discussed the smartphone with mobile carrier executives, including some from Sprint Corp., people familiar with the talks said. Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015. In late 2016, the company registered “Essential” with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, listing smartphones, tablets, accessories and “computer operating software for mobile phones” among its goods and services. It’s unclear if the devices will run on software based on Android. While still in the prototyping stage, Rubin’s phone is aimed at the top of the market where Apple Inc.’s iPhone and Alphabet Inc.’s new Pixel reside. It’s expected to include high-end materials and the ability to gain new hardware features over time, the people said. Representatives for Rubin and Sprint declined to comment. Rubin sold Android to Google in 2005. He spent eight years at its helm at Google, turning the operating system from a tiny project into the globe’s most dominant software for running mobile devices. In 2013, he stepped down from Android to form Google’s robotics unit before leaving altogether in 2014. Rubin’s next venture was a startup incubator called Playground Global, which backs artificial intelligence, robotics, and augmented reality projects. Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry. “New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years,” he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June. “What’s the next platform?… It’s about data and people training AI systems to learn.” Playground Global, which occupies a sprawling warehouse in Silicon Valley, has raised at least $300 million from big investors including Hewlett-Packard Co., Google, and Apple supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. The latter, known as Foxconn, is in talks to manufacture Rubin’s new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter. At least one prototype of Rubin’s phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus’s (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said. The startup is experimenting with enabling the phone’s screen to sense different levels of pressure, similar to an iPhone, the person said. Rubin’s team is testing an industrial design with metal edges and a back made of ceramic, which is more difficult to manufacture than typical smartphone materials, two of the people said. Essential’s engineers are developing a proprietary connector that serves double duty for charging the battery and expanding the phone’s functionality over time, one person familiar with the planning said. The magnetic connector would allow Essential or even third parties to create hardware accessories that add features to the smartphone. For instance, Rubin’s engineers are working on a sphere-shaped camera add-on that shoots high-resolution 360 degree photographs, the person said. Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter said, adding that all of the plans are still in flux. Technology news website The Information earlier reported Rubin was working on a phone. Helping run the project are former Google colleagues and Apple managers, including Rebecca Zavin, Joe Tate, Linda Jiang, and Jason Keats. Zavin, a former senior Google software manager, is running software for Rubin. Keats and Tate are helping run hardware engineering, and Jiang is a key designer for Essential, according to a person familiar with the startup. Kelly Liang, a former business executive with the Google X lab, is managing business development and Brian Wallace, a former Samsung and Magic Leap executive, is leading marketing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Andy Rubin You may also like New language of technology, focus at 2017 Social Media Week 16 Jan  Technology Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 16 Jan  Technology Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany 15 Jan  Technology Latest Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 31 mins ago  Aviation French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 35 mins ago  World 2017 Budget: $42 crude oil benchmark will create room for savings in ECA -Commission 1 hour ago 1  Business News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers 1 hour ago  Breaking News Spotlight Osinbajo inaugurates MSMEs clinics, booklet to boost business activities 1 hour ago 1  Nigeria More   Communication FUPRE prepares students for industrial sector jobs 4 days ago 1   NCC begins enforcement of #5m fine over SMS 4 days ago   WTL says VoLTE will improve voice traffic growth 4 days ago   Airtel plans exclusive VVIP for touching lives season three premiere 4 days ago   SWIFT adopts Blockchain as global payment initiative 4 days ago   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1131 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 4 Good Reasons to Use Samsung Pay Cory Gunther11/14/2016 Samsung Pay is available on all carriers in the United States and on recent Samsung smartphones. Like the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. Now that it’s available nearly everywhere, here we’ll be sharing four great reasons why owners should use Samsung Pay. Like triple reward and other incentives. Advertisement Released in late 2015 users will need a Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, or a Galaxy S7 to enjoy all it has to offer. Not to mention the latest Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch and a supported bank. Read: Samsung Pay vs Android Pay: What’s The Difference Between Google Wallet, Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and now Android Pay, not to mention LG working on its own version, wireless mobile payments are here to stay. For those who’ve yet to try it, here are a few reasons why I use Samsung Pay. Furthermore, why it’s worth recommending to those with a Samsung smartphone. Advertisement Advertisement Samsung Pay was first announced during the Galaxy S6 announcement in early 2015, but wasn’t released until September after a short beta. Apple Pay had a one-year lead on Samsung, but it doesn’t work nearly as well. In addition to only being supported at select retail stores or update payment terminals. In fact, we recently wrote an article on why we don’t use Apple Pay, and stated some good reasons to avoid it. That said, Samsung Pay works almost everywhere and has none of those limitations. As a result it’s absolutely worth using. Here’s a list of supported devices, carriers, banks and credit cards. Update: In late 2015 Samsung added support for Chase and Mastercard, two huge partners that will allow millions to enjoy Samsung Pay. Then in December added gift cards, additional features and improved the user interface. Throughout 2016 Samsung has added loyalty cards and support for over 500 banks or Credit Unions. If you have a device, bank and card that works with Samsung Pay, take advantage of all it has to offer. Advertisement Safe & Secure All Samsung smartphones that work with Samsung Pay feature the latest cutting edge technology in terms of security on a smartphone. From fingerprint scanners to the latest monthly security patches. Between users needing a fingerprint to actually use Samsung Pay to make wireless payments with their phone, and all the security measures in place are why it’s safe to use. Here is Samsung’s thoughts on security: “your purchases remain yours alone. Samsung Pay uses several layers of security. It keeps your payment information separate and doesn’t store or share it, so you can pay without worry.” Samsung Pay doesn’t store or share payment or credit card information, making it safe to use. Not to mention multiple layers of security are in place to keep it safe from hackers trying to steal information. Yes part of the technology behind it was hacked last year, but it didn’t compromise S-Pay in any way. In fact, it’s believed the reason behind it was to try and steal the technology used. That brings us to our next point, why this service is so great. Samsung Pay Works Almost Everywhere Unlike Apple Pay or Android Pay, Samsung’s method works almost everywhere. It’s accepted everywhere that works with Apple Pay, in addition to any payment terminal that accepts a credit card. Samsung claims nearly 95% of all retail stores in the United States will work. So yes, almost everywhere. Advertisement The service uses both NFC and MST (magnetic secure transmission) to make wireless payments. All a user needs to do is tap their phone to the payment terminal, touch the fingerprint scanner for authentication, and you’re all done. This is done with NFC, but it’s also backwards compatible with all swipe-based magnetic payment terminals. Meaning anywhere you can swipe a credit card, you can use Samsung Pay. If NFC (Apple Pay style) isn’t accepted, it uses the magnetic signal. Which is sent when swiping a debit/credit card. It’s fast, easy, and secure. Apple and Google both use NFC, which is Near Field Communications. Meaning that select locations around the US like Starbucks, vending machines, retail stores and others need to have updated payment terminals inside their stores for it to actually work. Devices with the “Paypass” or “Apple Pay Accepted Here” signs you’ve probably seen like the one above are required. As a result many places don’t accept Apple or Android Pay, making it useless for those with an iPhone or recent Android devices. Advertisement This is key. Samsung Pay works at all of those locations, as well as the others. Making it extremely convenient unlike any other mobile payment service on the market. I’ve made payments at stores that don’t accept Apple Pay, like Walmart, and the cashiers constantly tell me, “Hey, that doesn’t work here”. Then are shocked to see it works. The responses I’ve received are everything from confusion, amazement, to curious and full of questions. Rewards New to our list is Samsung Pay Rewards, which debuted on November 14th 2016. This reason alone is enough to suggest owners try it. The goal is to get more people to try the service, and to thank the millions that already have. Samsung Rewards works just like a points-based credit card reward program. Every mobile purchase made will earn points. Users can double-dip by earning points from the card and Samsung, not to mention earn rewards on a debit card. Something that typically doesn’t happen from banks. These points can be redeemed for Samsung products, vouchers, gift cards, visa cards and more. The company also has double or triple bonus programs planned. Imagine getting 4x points, points from the card issuer, then getting a gift card. Impressive, right? The more you use Samsung Pay each month, the higher tier users will be. From Silver, Gold and Platinum for better rewards and more double-ups. Additionally, there will be instant winners for random giveaways simply for earning points and making payments with your wireless device. More information can be found here. Easy to Use And finally, Samsung Pay is extremely simple to use. So much in fact that once it’s setup users don’t even have to turn on their phone to make payments. Which is one of the many reasons I use it daily. Setup takes less than a minute and consists of installing the Samsung Pay app if it isn’t already installed. Then using the camera to capture and save your credit or debit card. Users can also enter the information manually. Once done, you’ll never need to use the Samsung Pay app again. Although there are free gift cards and other incentives in the “announcements” part of the Samsung Pay app. Check it to earn free $25 gift cards, Dunkin’ Donut freebies and more. Slide up on the home or lockscreen to instantly launch Samsung Pay Once done simply swiping up from the bottom of the screen (even while the phone is turned off) will initiate Samsung Pay. Users will be instructed to pay with their fingerprint. Now just hold your phone up near the terminal or NFC reader. It takes less than two seconds, and you’re all done. The transmission is secure, and doesn’t go very far so hackers can’t collect the information. Users can swipe up while the phone is off, or turned on, right from the homescreen or even the lockscreen. There’s a persistent little tab on the bottom (shown above) making it quick and easy. This can be removed if users would like, but then you’ll need to open the app before making payments. Samsung’s phones can tell which signal is required, and there’s no difference in the process or timing whether it’s NFC or MST. It just works, and works well. Users can also swipe through a list of cards if more than one has been added, which is also a swipe and fingerprint tap away. There’s no finding a card in your wallet, digging through a full purse, or hoping the location works with Apple Pay. Just pull out your phone, swipe, tap and pay. Samsung plans to add additional banks, cards and more features in the near future. We’ve seen a lot added in 2016 and expect that trend to continue next year. We’re also hearing they could have some big deals and rewards during Black Friday. Hands down Samsung Pay is the best wireless mobile payment method on the market. It’s fast, secure, safe, and more importantly easy to use everywhere. As a reminder, Samsung Pay doesn’t work at gas pumps or ATMs, but that’s about the only limit users will run into. If you have a capable device and a supported bank or card, give it a try today. You’ll be glad you did. It works amazingly well on my Galaxy S7 Edge. 17 Responses 11/14/2015 John Reply Considering the lead time before Samsung Pay release, you’d think they would have gotten more banks on board. Of the five, two are obscure. Samsung really needs to get on the ball with this before a competitor/phone manufacturer gets MST which makes this app work nearly everywhere – which is also the sole reason why one should get Samsung Pay. Once that benefit is gone and Apple puts it into their next phones, Samsung is buried. 11/24/2015 Peter Reply Samsung has the patent for MST. Also, since Samsung’s older phones already have NFC built-in, they can update the Samsung Pay app to support all legacy Samsung devices with NFC included (work only for NFC). That would be great. 11/15/2015 eric coultas (@glimmerman76) Reply John samsung owns all the mst payment patents. 03/26/2016 Abelardo Reply Please sign my petition for capital one to support Samsung Pay. The link to the petition is below https://www.change.org/p/fifth-third-bancorp-fifth-third-bank-to-support-samsung-pay?recruiter=516480854&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=share_email_responsive 04/03/2016 Benu Reply What happens when you are not physically at the POS/cash register, such as in a restaurant where typically you give your card to the server and they return with the slip to sign? Do you give the server your phone? 04/08/2016 Nick V Reply I love Samsung Pay! I accidentally left my card at home one night and had shopping and dinner to do. I explained to the cashiers that I need to pay with my phone as I didn’t have my card. They looked at me all strangely (I do live in Idaho haha!) and said ok … as I’m holding up my phone to their swiper deal, they start saying “Ummm, I don’t think we have that …. OH MY GOD IT WORKED!!” Haha! Three different store cashiers reacted this way … it was awesome! I highly recommend it! 04/08/2016 Lalo Reply Thats the standard reaction at every store I have used it at too. The only store it didnt work at for me was Wal-Mart self check out lanes. The cashier had to suspend the transaction but I was able to pay at a different station that had a different card swiper model. 04/09/2016 Kathryn Reply !!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 05/24/2016 Chris Pearson Reply Yes SamsungPay works just as advertised on most payment card reader systems out there. The reaction is always fun to watch. I found that even in some stores there are card readers that will not play nicely with the app. I just avoid those lines now. It’s probably about time an update to this article because the list of cards and banks that you can add have more than doubled. 06/21/2016 Finn Reply Does it really work when the phone is switched off? On the S7 Edge it doesn’t appear when the phone is off and it takes 30 seconds to activate when the phone is switched on. 12/22/2016 Unplugged Reply On my S7 Edge, the phone switches on immediately. No 30 seconds. You just swipe up from the bottom of the phone. BTW, the Samsung Watch S3 uses MST, so you don’t even have to get out your phone. 10/16/2016 Joe shmoe Reply I have been using it for the better part of 2 weeks and its works awesome it has cut the amount of cards I carry in my wallet by half.I have only had 2 places that it didn’t work gas station swipe and at a very old retailer using the swipe on a cash-register. So much quicker then having to pull the card out of my wallet. 11/18/2016 Max Reply i read some news said MST need to save your signature for reference when you use it? it work when the phone should switched on ? if i choose to use NFC to make the payment i think i want to be faster, if i still need to use POS to connect phone and check the signature, can i be faster ? it is not all the samsung phone can use MST just like Galaxy S6 Edge ? anyone know ? 11/28/2016 cara Reply One MAJOR issue with Samsung pay is it’s propensity to double charge your card. Twice now, Ive had a double charge occur when using Samsung Pay. It hasn’t happened at merchants like Panera who are set up to accept Samsung Pay or tap but, at merchants who have magnetic strip readers. For now, I will not be using the service. I’ll wait until they work out the bugs. If I didn’t check my account regularly I would never had known! 12/04/2016 Joseph Reply http://www.samsung.com/us/samsung-pay/compatible-cards/#bank The above website lists the hundreds of banks which are on-board. 12/18/2016 Joe T. Reply One thing I didn’t see mentioned in the article was Samsung Pay’s support for reward cards. I just ask the cashier at the food store if I can aim the phone at their scanner and it takes. Even my library card works. Samsung pay has emptied my wallet of all these miscellaneous cards. 01/15/2017 Nate Admiraal Reply I would get another Samsung phone purely due to the ease and convenience of Samsung pay. It’s the greatest thing since sliced bread — a bit off topic, but the only thing that gives me pause is the loss of the IR blaster — which was SO useful for TV/AC/garage door opener, etc. etc. Why oh why did Sammy ditch that feature? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News January 16 2017 Save Print SpaceX successfully launches rocket, deploys ten satellites Dana Hull Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies returned to the skies on Saturday with a flawless delivery of communications satellites into orbit, its first flight since a September 1 fireball destroyed a rocket and its payload on a Florida launch pad. A Falcon 9 rocket carrying 10 Iridium Communications satellites rumbled aloft from Vandenberg Air Force Base on California's central coast shortly after 9:54am local time, amid clear skies and a majestic view of the Pacific Ocean. The rocket's first stage touched down upright on an unmanned drone ship miles offshore about 8 minutes later, a feat that SpaceX accomplished four times in 2016 and captured on the company's webcast. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Nintendo makes the big Switch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 More Tech Talk Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:40 SpaceX launches first rocket after ... SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion SpaceX blasted off a rocket for the first time since a launch pad explosion in the fall sidetracked the ambitious flight plans of company founder Elon Musk. Up Next Nintendo makes the big Switch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Nintendo makes the big Switch Nintendo makes the big Switch What you need to know about the Kyoto-based company's new gaming console. Up Next Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest console Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest ... Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest console Launching in March, Nintendo's Switch allows players to use the device as a regular handheld or use detachable remote controls. Up Next Apple iPhone turns ten Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Apple iPhone turns ten Apple iPhone turns ten The device that redefined the mobile phone and helped make Apple the most valuable company in the world has marked its 10th anniversary. Up Next Meet Method-2, the manned robot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:57 Video duration 00:57 Meet Method-2, the manned robot Meet Method-2, the manned robot A South Korean giant robot has taken its first baby steps while shaking the ground beneath its weight. Up Next Drone rules in Australia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Drone rules in Australia Drone rules in Australia Christmas holiday drone flyers are being warned to follow these safety rules at all times while in the skies. (Video courtesy: Civil Aviation Safety Authority) Up Next Amazon ships itself to speed up Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 Amazon ships itself to speed up Amazon ships itself to speed up Amazon's Prime Air cargo planes are flying nearly full, taking business away from FedEx and UPS. More videos SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion SpaceX blasted off a rocket for the first time since a launch pad explosion in the fall sidetracked the ambitious flight plans of company founder Elon Musk. "Mission looks good. Started deploying the 10 Iridium satellites," said Musk, who watched from the control room with Iridium's chief executive officer, in a Twitter post. "Rocket is stable on the droneship." Musk later confirmed that all of the satellites had deployed, marking completion of the company's mission. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Recovered Falcon rocket boosters in a hangar at the Kennedy Space Center. Photo: AP The triple success — launch, drone-ship landing and mission completion — was a relief and welcome start to the new year for the company. SpaceX hopes to launch 20 to 24 rockets this year, an aggressive pace given that eight missions were completed in 2016. Iridium, one of SpaceX's largest commercial satellite customers, has signed on for six more launches, all of them scheduled for Vandenberg. NASA contract Saturday's success was critical because SpaceX has a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to send astronauts to the International Space Station and is targeting November for the first demonstration flight and May 2018 for the first test flight with humans aboard. Advertisement Musk, who's also the CEO of Tesla Motors, founded the company 15 years ago with the express goal of sending humans to Mars. The company makes rockets at its headquarters in Hawthorne, California, and has contracts to launch commercial satellites as well as fly missions for NASA and the US military. The closely-held company has roughly 5000 employees. SpaceX has been awarded NASA contracts valued at $US4.2 billion to resupply the Space Station using its unmanned Dragon spacecraft and ultimately to ferry astronauts to the station from the US with a version of the Dragon that's capable of carrying crews. Iridium's upgrade The satellites deployed on Saturday are part of the Iridium NEXT constellation network, providing new and better communications services such as allowing air-traffic controllers to monitor planes flying over oceans anywhere in the world. Iridium, based in McLean, Virginia, is counting on SpaceX to take 70 new satellites into orbit with seven separate launches over the next 14 to 18 months. The new satellites would let Iridium offer new services and continue servicing existing clients without interruption. Its existing satellites are 19 years old, which is old by industry standards. The satellites were placed in a temporary orbit about 625km above the Earth, where they will be tested in the coming weeks, Iridium said in a statement. The satellites "will then be moved into their 780km operational orbit and begin providing service to Iridium's customers," the company said. "Thanks @elonmusk - a perfect flight! Loved watching sats deploy with you in the control room," Iridium CEO Matthew Desch said in a Twitter post. Bloomberg 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Giant Otters As Big As Wolves Once ... Contains: External link Australians Stumble Upon Treatment For ... Contains: External link Most Popular Princess Leia spurs hologram breakthrough by ANU 'Set the bar higher': Professor's horror at 'feminised' HSC course Smart hairbrush kicks off Nokia's hopeful comeback Apple files $1.3b lawsuit against Qualcomm 'Sonic boom' of light observed for first time Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Smart hairbrush kicks off Nokia's hopeful comeback Princess Leia spurs hologram breakthrough by ANU 'Sonic boom' of light observed for first time Apple files $1.3b lawsuit against Qualcomm 'Set the bar higher': Professor's horror at 'feminised' HSC course The Sydney Morning Herald The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Trump's withdrawal from Asia trade 'a giant gift' to China 'Putt putt's gonna die': Sydney course's execution date set Obama's next job could rake in millions Saturday Night Live suspends writer for "insensitive" Barron Trump tweet The Age Bourke Street hero Lou the cabbie comes forward Bourke Street: Police had 'several chances' to intercept car, but were directed not to, union says 'Nobody helped': Gang attacks and robs teens in toilets at Highpoint The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms Brisbane Times Shot film clip actor was to feature in new Channel Nine show Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms Thief switched Rolex for replica in jewellery store heist 'Drain the billabong': Pauline Hanson echoes Trump The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Canberra Times So you're moving to Canberra: top tips for our newest residents in 2017 Rejected candidate applies to Supreme Court to have ACT election declared invalid Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Braddon's Paleo Cafe relaunches as Tallow and Thyme WA Today Free house up for grabs in Busselton - there's just one hook Vandal poisons mature gum tree on South Perth foreshore Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms New $5.6 billion Pilbara iron ore mine could create thousands of jobs Ballgirl sends heartfelt card to Tsonga apologising for performance Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH US Army's spun-off GPU database gets ready for more matrix operations Spun-out Nexsan now prowling the market for growth and acquisitions IBM: We're not putting XIV on the cart Shocked, I tell you. BT to write off £530m over 'improper' Italian accounts practices Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Solaris 11.next plan brings continuous delivery of OS upgrades Google hardwires its Android app store into new Chromebooks Resistence is futile: HPE must face Oracle over Solaris IP US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Penguins force-fed root: Cruel security flaw found in systemd v228 DDoSing has evolved in the vacuum left by IoT's total absence of security UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary I'll have Fabric, Crashlytics... Google crams Twitter mobile dev tools in trolley Policy The Channel Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news Jinn workers besiege delivery app co-founder to protest wage changes Brexit, schmexit: Christmas sales up 4 per cent at Dixons Carphone 2014: El Reg booze lab proves Bluetooth breathalyzers are crap. 2017: US govt agrees Samsung Galaxy S8 will be a no-show at MWC, exec says Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant DirecTV Now plagued with faults, but uptake not slowing SPB Geek's Guide We've found a ‘vaccine’ for fake news. Wait! No, we really are Cambridge researchers Korean boffins vow 1,000km-an-hour supertrain NASA fires first shot in plan to bring a chunk of asteroid down to Earth Euro space agency's Galileo satellites stricken by mystery clock failures Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Verizon waves its IoT credentials, boasts of adopting US-centric one 'It will go wrong. There's no question of time... on safety or security side' Nuclear power station sensors are literally shouting their readings at each other Yes, just what they need: Curious Dr MISFA injects a healthy dose of curiosity into robots Verity Stob Irish townsfolk besieged by confused smut channel callers Batman v Superman leads Razzie nominations Make America, wait, what again? US Army may need foreign weapons to keep up Annoyingly precocious teen who ruined Trek is now an asteroid More like this Samsung Apple Patent Lawsuit Business Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner It's time to debate damages. To Apple and to common sense 16 Jan 2017 at 01:05, Richard Chirgwin A US appeal court has opened the next round of the long-running Apple versus Samsung patent case, this time to recalculate the damages Sammy owes Cupertino. Apple won US$399 million in damages when courts agreed that various patents were infringed by Samsung, including rounded corners on the case, and the gridded home page design. That was overturned in December 2016, with the Supreme Court deciding the damages should only cover the value of what Samsung copied, not the profit of the entire range of infringing smartmobes. That's what the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit will now rule on: between zero and nearly US$400 million, what's the right quantum of damages to inflict on the embattled Samsung? As Macrumours notes, the world's big names in design (Calvin Klein et all) have filed an amicus brief because they want the court to find that the design elements in question are sufficient to make up the whole value of the copy. Their argument is that since people can identify a Coca-Cola bottle by shape alone, copying the iPhone's shape should qualify Samsung for the maximum damages. On the other hand, Faultline writing for The Register argued in December that the phones behave entirely differently, the copying is trivial, and the damages could reasonably be cut to as little as $50 million. ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 33 Comments More from The Register Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android malware in the wild When mobes and gadgets stop verifying app installations, you're gonna have a bad time 19 Comments Samsung revival hamstrung by 2014 Google deal – analyst Sammy can't stand out from the crowd because of non-compete pact 13 Comments Google's Chrome cloaks Pirate Bay in red screen of malware death Scam ads abound 29 Comments Is Google using YouTube to put one over on Samsung? Let’s hope not. Somebody might notice 50 Comments Google pays $100k to anti-malware crusader Giovanni Vigna Prolific malware murderer bags Mountain View's Security, Privacy and Anti-Abuse award Google password fill effort could kill Android malware's best tricks Small boost to login speed could be a big roadblock for Marshmallow malware 11 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. 4 cloud myths that stand in the way of collaboration For many businesses around the globe, the shift to the cloud is already underway. However, there may be reasons why your organisation hasn’t made the move, including concerns around security, disrupting productivity or the cost of adoption. Machine Learning Delivers Better IT Insights Learn how predictive analytics and machine learning can improve application performance. Most read Cisco's WebEx Chrome plugin will execute evil code, install malware via secret 'magic URL' UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark Government to sling extra £4.7bn at R&D in bid to Brexit-proof Britain Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant Stallman's Free Software Foundation says we need a free phone OS Spotlight Why Theresa May’s hard Brexit might be softer than you think Facebook pimping for politicos despite fake news 'purge' Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation Speaking in Tech: The really HUUUUGE 2017 Predictions Show Has Samsung, er, rounded the corner with Apple court win? Watch your back, Netflix: Viu on track for 10 million subs next year What's in Hammond's box? Autumn fallout for Britain's tech SMBs Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech Games January 16 2017 Save Print License article Hands on with Nintendo Switch: everything you need to know about the versatile new console Tim Biggs Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 10 comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The Nintendo Switch had its official coming out party over the weekend, as the world's press got its first chance to go hands on with the machine and put it through its paces. As we've come to expect from Nintendo, this is a console that does things a bit differently to everything else on the market, but despite some initial misgivings (and the ongoing feeling that this console will not be everyone's cup of tea), I left the preview event convinced of this machine's potential for great things. Since the Game Boy's release 26 years ago, Nintendo has sold both a portable and a home console, but the Switch represents the merging of those two categories into one device. When plugged into a TV the tiny Switch behaves exactly like a regular games console, but it can also be taken on the go and used like a portable. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest console Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 More Tech Talk Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:09 Nintendo makes the big Switch Nintendo makes the big Switch What you need to know about the Kyoto-based company's new gaming console. Up Next Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest console Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest ... Nintendo Switch: hands-on with latest console Launching in March, Nintendo's Switch allows players to use the device as a regular handheld or use detachable remote controls. Up Next SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 SpaceX launches first rocket after ... SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion SpaceX blasted off a rocket for the first time since a launch pad explosion in the fall sidetracked the ambitious flight plans of company founder Elon Musk. Up Next Apple iPhone turns ten Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Apple iPhone turns ten Apple iPhone turns ten The device that redefined the mobile phone and helped make Apple the most valuable company in the world has marked its 10th anniversary. Up Next Meet Method-2, the manned robot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:57 Video duration 00:57 Meet Method-2, the manned robot Meet Method-2, the manned robot A South Korean giant robot has taken its first baby steps while shaking the ground beneath its weight. Up Next Drone rules in Australia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Drone rules in Australia Drone rules in Australia Christmas holiday drone flyers are being warned to follow these safety rules at all times while in the skies. (Video courtesy: Civil Aviation Safety Authority) Up Next Amazon ships itself to speed up Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 Amazon ships itself to speed up Amazon ships itself to speed up Amazon's Prime Air cargo planes are flying nearly full, taking business away from FedEx and UPS. More videos Nintendo makes the big Switch What you need to know about the Kyoto-based company's new gaming console. As impressive and well-executed as this trick is, the console has even more up its sleeve. A pair of innovative new controllers called Joy-Con are the other star of the show, giving the console the potential to be a capable home gaming system, a great portable, and an instant party machine all at the same time. Small packages The console itself is surprisingly little — about the size of a large phone or a tiny tablet — with the front dominated by a 6.2-inch touchscreen. It's unassuming to look at until you combine it with the Joy-Con controllers, which — with advanced motion sensing, a new kind of tactile feedback technology, a bevy of buttons, sticks and triggers and more — are basically the ultimate evolution of the Wii remote. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The Switch in its three main configurations: TV mode, tabletop mode and portable mode.  For traditional games like The Legend of Zelda or Skyrim you'll want to slide the Joy-Con into the Switch to make an all-in-one device, or attach them to the included grip to make a regular controller (you can play this at home or on the go, as the Switch has a handy kickstand so you can set it down anywhere). One of my favourite features is that each Joy-Con can be used on its own as a full controller. This means that you can take it travelling with you to play on your own, but at a moment's notice you can break the controllers off and hand one to a friend for some Street Fighter II. Advertisement As an all-in-one I found the machine to be very comfortable and immediately got the hang of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (an enhanced port of the Wii U game) as though I'd been playing on Switch for years. Nintendo's portables have always been solid — I'd go so far as to say some have been virtually indestructible — and the Switch feels like it follows in that tradition. The Joy-Con snap satisfyingly into the Switch or the grip, and won't budge unless you press a dedicated button to release them. Some of the more interesting games on their way to Switch, however, require you to hold a wireless Joy-Con in each hand. Arms is a one-on-one fighting game where each combatant has springs for arms and flings his or her fists around will jumping, dodging and weaving to avoid being hit. The sensitivity of the Joy-Cons is really on display here, as every slight tilt, flick and thrust is registered as an in-game action. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link At launch, the console will come with either grey Joy-Con controllers or a neon red and blue pair.  Nintendo is so confident in its Joy-Con controllers that another game, 1-2-Switch, encourages you to play without even looking at a screen. A variety of mini-games each show off a function of the Joy-Con by having them stand in for a different object — a box full of marbles, a gun, a sword, a cow's udder, a sandwich or a table tennis paddle — and the result is as impressive as it is ridiculous. As fun as all these very Nintendo games are, I was relieved to see that, when attached to a TV and used with a traditional controller, the Switch was indistinguishable from any other home gaming system. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link When detached from the console, the Joy-Con can be fitted with straps that make them comfier to hold and stop you accidentally flinging them away. Photo: Tim Biggs Making the Switch Moving between handheld mode and TV mode is as easy as placing the console in its dock or taking it out, as the video and sound moves from Switch to TV almost instantly, but behind the scenes there's a little more going on. Like a gaming laptop, the Switch holds back when it's running on battery power but operates at its full potential when plugged in. Obviously performance will differ from game to game, but Mario Kart 8 is a good example of how this will ideally work. On the console's 720p screen, the highly-detailed game looks great and runs at a flawlessly smooth framerate. When plugged into the dock, the machine ratchets up the processing power to display at a full 1080p while maintaining that same level of performance. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Up to eight consoles can connect wirelessly together for multiplayer gaming, although you'll usually do this in handheld mode, not with eight TVs. Photo: Tim Biggs Looking at a game like the new shooter Splatoon 2, the options for how you want to play are significantly broader on Switch than on any other device. You might get competitive online at home on the big screen, get some practice in on the bus, or meet up with some friends to fight it out together. Up to eight Switch consoles can link together wirelessly for local multiplayer. As flexible as they are, the compact form of the Joy-Con won't be ideal for every game — the shallow control sticks and placement of the tiny buttons makes it a bit cramped for shooters, and there is no D-pad which means it felt wrong to me when playing Sonic Mania — but they make for excellent portable controls and a fine standard pad. Serious players have the option of buying the Pro Controller — which is more or less an Xbox-style pad but with the same sensitive motion-sensing found in the Joy-Con — for long sessions of solo gaming. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Games look great in handheld mode, even though they're technically at a lower resolution than on the TV. Photo: Tim Biggs Having a variety of control options isn't anything new for Nintendo, but where the Wii U's hodge-podge of different inputs made things difficult for game developers and players alike, the Switch takes a much smarter approach. There is only ever one screen on at a time, for example, and the different Joy-Con configurations mean you won't need to buy heaps of different controllers to take up space in your cupboards. The price of play Battery life has been one of my primary concerns since the Switch was first revealed and, as you might expect from a machine this small and mighty, the numbers are not great. Nintendo is keen to point out the Switch may last for more than six hours of continuous play on a single charge, but that's absolute best case. Photo gallery 12 games coming to Nintendo Switch If you're playing the demanding Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, the company says you should only expect three hours. The good news is that Switch uses the standard USB-C — so cables and portable chargers made for phones will work to top it up on the go — but it's fair to say Nintendo has compromised on battery life in order to make a machine powerful enough for console gaming. My other primary concern was storage, as a portable this small obviously isn't going to be packing a huge hard drive. Thankfully, although the Switch has a meagre 32GB on-board, you can buy a standard microSDXC card to expand that (Nintendo says theoretically you could use up to a 2TB card, but the largest you'll find in stores right now is 256GB). Unless you buy all your games on cartridges and download nothing from the online store, a decent card will be pretty much mandatory. Which brings me to the price. In Australia the Switch will cost $469.95. This is a lot of money to be sure, but since it includes the console, two Joy-Cons, a grip and the TV dock, I feel it's a fair price. But add a 64GB card ($50) and a Pro controller ($100) and things start to look quite expensive. Down the line you might also need a second pair of Joy-Con ($120) and a charging grip ($40), or another TV dock ($130) so you can move between your lounge and bedroom. These are all optional extras, of course, but it brings the price of the ultimate Switch experience to about the same as a premium smartphone. Can Switch compete? Nintendo wants the Switch to cover all its dedicated gaming bases for at least the next five years. It will be home to the next blockbuster Zelda, Mario, Donkey Kong, Kirby, Pokemon and Metroid games, while also providing plenty of funky inputs for experimental touch and motion games. At the same time, its processing power and ability to mimic a standard console or handheld is a clear attempt to get game-makers outside of Nintendo involved. As is common with hardware launches, many of the slated games not made by Nintendo have either come to other platforms previously or will release simultaneously on Switch and others. Yet exclusives may matter less than usual if Nintendo can sell gamers on the idea of playing anywhere and with anyone. Games like Sonic Mania or Stardew Valley will benefit hugely from the Switch's versatility, as will many multiplayer games, so I could see myself opting for the Switch version of some games (or re-purchasing the game on Switch) instead of playing on PlayStation or Xbox. But the distance from here to March 3 is a long time in the video game business, and Nintendo still has a bit to prove. Talk of social integration and parental controls via dedicated smartphone apps is promising, but solid details on the system's interface and online subscription service are still forthcoming. 10 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Giant Otters As Big As Wolves Once ... Contains: External link Australians Stumble Upon Treatment For ... Contains: External link Most Popular Princess Leia spurs hologram breakthrough by ANU 'Set the bar higher': Professor's horror at 'feminised' HSC course Smart hairbrush kicks off Nokia's hopeful comeback Apple files $1.3b lawsuit against Qualcomm 'Sonic boom' of light observed for first time Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Smart hairbrush kicks off Nokia's hopeful comeback Princess Leia spurs hologram breakthrough by ANU 'Sonic boom' of light observed for first time 'Set the bar higher': Professor's horror at 'feminised' HSC course Apple files $1.3b lawsuit against Qualcomm The Sydney Morning Herald The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world 'Putt putt's gonna die': Sydney course's execution date set Trump's withdrawal from Asia trade 'a giant gift' to China Obama's next job could rake in millions 'What if': How Sydney's Gen Y would solve the housing crisis The Age Bourke Street hero Lou the cabbie comes forward Bourke Street: Police had 'several chances' to intercept car, but were directed not to, union says The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world 'Nobody helped': Gang attacks and robs teens in toilets at Highpoint Obama's next job could rake in millions Brisbane Times Shot film clip actor was to feature in new Channel Nine show The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Thief switched Rolex for replica in jewellery store heist 'Drain the billabong': Pauline Hanson echoes Trump Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms Canberra Times So you're moving to Canberra: top tips for our newest residents in 2017 Rejected candidate applies to Supreme Court to have ACT election declared invalid Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Experts warn Canberrans after woman's close call with snake WA Today Free house up for grabs in Busselton - there's just one hook Vandal poisons mature gum tree on South Perth foreshore Rise in autism blamed on clinicians diagnosing mild symptoms New $5.6 billion Pilbara iron ore mine could create thousands of jobs The photo of Trump that enraged women around the world Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Captain honored during last Apple Valley Town Council meeting as sergeant at arms Sunday Jan 15, 2017 at 4:12 PM Jan 15, 2017 at 4:12 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department Capt. Lana Tomlin was honored for her service Tuesday, during her last meeting as the sergeant at arms here. Both the Town Council and Ross Sevy, representative for 33rd District Assemblyman Jay Obernolte, presented Tomlin with plaques and thanked her for her service. Never one to favor the limelight, Tomlin joked about what Mayor Scott Nassif called an “impromptu ceremony” in her address to the audience. “I got an agenda and there was nothing about any presentation, and that might have been purposeful,” she said. “The reality is I don’t necessarily like the attention on me.” Tomlin went on to thank her colleagues, as well as town staff and the citizenry. “I’m in awe of the hard work and dedication of the Sheriff’s personnel that make up the Apple Valley (Sheriff's Station),” Tomlin said. “But I do want to thank the Council, and I want to thank town management, specifically Frank Robinson, and the citizens of this community for making this one of the best assignments of my career.” A 26-year veteran of the county’s Sheriff’s Department, Tomlin was promoted to deputy chief of all desert region stations in December. She was promoted to lieutenant in 2007, according to a previous Daily Press report. Tomlin transferred to the Apple Valley station on Jan. 1, 2011, and was promoted again, but she remained in the town after being named captain. Nassif previously told the Daily Press crime rates fell in the town during a six-year period under Tomlin’s guidance. On Tuesday, he said the departing captain was instrumental and important to Apple Valley. “We’ve appreciated everything you’ve done for our community,” Nassif told Tomlin. “Hopefully that led to good things for you, and this (plaque) is in appreciation for your commitment and dedication (to) the Town of Apple Valley for providing (for) the lives of our citizens.” Tomlin’s replacement, Capt. Frank Bell previously served as lieutenant in Apple Valley. Most recently, Bell served as captain of the department’s Employees Resources Unit in San Bernardino. Tomlin's transition to headquarters is scheduled for Jan. 21. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum Inauguration 2017 TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Apple Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 12 2017, 9:30 am ET Peter Thiel Agrees: Apple Has Gone Stale by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Has Apple gone stale? Tech rogue Peter Thiel thinks so, telling the New York Times this week that he believes "the age of Apple is over." "We know what a smartphone looks like and does," said the Facebook board member, PayPal co-founder, chess prodigy, and Trump transition team member. "It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation." Loyal fans agree, citing lackluster "improvements," a lack of innovation, and a year that saw sales fall for the first time since 2001. As Apple celebrates the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, the company appears to have gone into "maintenance mode" while everyone waits for its next big thing to emerge — if ever. Ronan Timoney, a 23-year-old economics and finance student in Ireland, has had Apple laptops since 2010, iPhones since 2011 and an iPad since 2012. As a young, avid Apple user, he's exactly the kind of customer the company should be wooing for their long-term success. But his most recent smartphone purchase was an Android. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Apple's iPhone 7 announcement: Will the headphone jack change pay off? 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760365123587" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For him, Apple has lost its luster. "Their products have become fashion accessories rather than high-powered gadgets, and prices now outstrip quality," said Timoney. He "will not be buying any Apple products for the foreseeable future," he said. 2016 was a particularly rotten year for Apple. Annual sales fell for the first time since it launched the iPod in 2001, going from a record $234 billion in 2015 to $216 billion. Its new lineup of MacBook Pros this year failed to impress. The best thing about the iPhone 7 is its camera. It also forced users to invest in $159 wireless AirPods, which had a delayed launch, or use an awkward dongle to use their old headphones. Not very "Appley." Core Products for 2017 And what's in store for 2017? Reportedly three new faster iPad models in different sizes as the company tries to fend off other touch-screen phones and computers, but iPad units have declined in 10 of the last 11 quarters. Instead of "thinking different" the company is "thinking slightly better." To be sure, "Apple is a great American success story," but, "a lot of that innovation came from the Steve Jobs era," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners known for his bearish views on the company. CEO Tim Cook is an efficient caretaker but doesn't necessarily have the late Steve Jobs' "founder's fire" that can propel a company past the threshold of what was thought to be possible, said Gillis. "Amazon, Google, Tesla, Netflix, Facebook, what do they have in common? They're all still driven by their founders. They're still able to make big bets and change directions. Is Apple positioned for the next thing?" asked Gillis. Related: Apple's Poor Performance Takes a Bite out of Tim Cook's Salary That's the big question as longtime users and investors wait to see where the company's $2 billion annual increase in research and development has been going and on what acronym it might it plant a flag next. AR? IOT? VR? AI? "What you're seeing is a point where Apple is making a slower transition away from being a company that historically came out with whizzbang products every couple of years to a company that makes great products we all need," said Gene Munster, the co-founder of Loup Ventures, who previously covered Apple as a Piper Jaffray analyst for over a decade and remains bullish. "As they shift resources, you get what happened in 2016: Not that exciting of a product year." Who's Driving Innovation? He thinks the next big things for Apple will be whatever it decides to do in the car space, artificial intelligence, and, according to the kind of Apple rumors that used to capture fanboys' and pundits' imaginations, a foldable phone with bendable glass. But it won't be Apple making the device, countered Gillis. "They're not driving the innovation... Samsung will be the ones who make it." Even hardcore Apple users say they've noticed a change. Apple is becoming more like Microsoft, a former wunderkind that became large, profitable, boring, and angered pro users. Is Microsoft the New Apple? As a Mac user, I.T. manager Dan Fox is used to standing out at his PC-filled office at an Orlando-based engineering firm. "Apple made these gorgeous, sleek, shiny devices that looked like they were from the future," he told NBC News. "They were cooler than anything else on the market and, more importantly, they actually worked better," said the 45-year-old Fox. His family members are all Apple fans too, and their house is full of MacBooks, Apple Watches, iPads, iPhones, Apple TVs, and he even sprang for the AirPods. As of late though, the "cutting edge" upgrades to the Surface and Office 365 have him considering that Microsoft might be becoming the new Apple, with well-built and innovative products, he says, that show an attention to details. He still loves Apple, but says he feels "Improvements are iterative, and it's almost as though Apple is now relying on its brand more than its tech. It feels like they are stalling on innovation to squeeze one more model out with a tiny upgrade. Rinse. Repeat. Things are starting to feel… stale." Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Apple First Published Jan 11 2017, 9:51 am ET Next Story Happy 10th Birthday, iPhone! What's Next? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Stadiums Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Stadiums Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects Stadiums FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Stadium Journey Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. Sniper's Hide The #1 source of information for the world of long-range shooting and precision marksmanship. Deadliest Blogger Military history from ancient battles to modern warfare. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Stadium Journey The authority for stadium reviews, rankings, and ratings. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Basketball BK Recruiting Shop Tickets Gift Join USA Today DePaul vs. St. John’s Preview Dan Stack 01/15/2017 The Blue Demons travel to the Big Apple to meet St. John’s on Martin Luther King Day. We preview the game in this report.  Key Information  DePaul Blue Demons (8-10, 1-4) vs. St. John’s Red Storm (8-11, 2-4) – Monday, January 16th, 3:30 p.m. Central – Carnesecca Arena, Queens, New York    Television – Fox Sports 1  Radio – WSCR AM 670 Follow WeAreDePaul on Twitter Gametracker BlueTube Audio Streaming Video St. John’s Basketball Game Preview DePaul is on the road again, and this time head coach Dave Leitao and the Blue Demons will be looking for revenge After getting crushed at Marquette, 83-58, Saturday, DePaul now heads to Queens to take on the same St. John's Red Storm team that beat them, 79-73, almost two weeks ago at Allstate Arena. The game will be part of the Big East's annual marathon, which will also celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. St. John's, who also played on Saturday and lost to Villanova, 70-57, will at least have the comfort of playing at home. After beating DePaul on New Year's Day, St. John's has now dropped four conference games in a row, so they will be viewing this game as a way to get back on track. St. John's is undoubtedly led by its freshman backcourt of Marcus LoVett and Shamorie Ponds. Both guards, who were recruited by DePaul, possess a scintillating set of skills. LoVett leads the team (actually, tied with Ponds) in scoring (17.3) and assists (3.6). He also shoots a nifty 42.7 percent from three-point range. If you recall, it was LoVett who did most of the damage in the second half of the win over the Blue Demons when they first played. In that game, LoVett went for 22 points (7-13 from the field), while dishing out six assists. Ponds, who is one of the early candidates for Big East Freshman of the Year, is also living up to his early press clippings. He averages 17.3 points, 5.2 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game, the latter two statistics rank second on the team. This lefty duo is hard to stop from getting into the lane. So DePaul will have to come prepared to stop these players from getting in their comfort zone. Junior college transfer Bashir Ahmed is St. John's third double-digit scorer. The versatile wing averages 12.2 points, while chipping in 5.5 rebounds per game. Figuring out St. John's is difficult, because it can be a different team depending on when you play them. This is a team that has beaten Butler, and Syracuse, yet have also lost to Delaware State and LIU-Brooklyn. With St. John's now on the aforementioned four-game losing streak, and DePaul only possessing one Big East win, each team will try to use this as game to get back on the winning track. The Blue Demons will draw the short stick in this matchup, though, as they will have had to go from Milwaukee back to Chicago on Saturday and then shortly after that head to New York City for the quick turnaround on Monday. Meanwhile, St. John's will have had been at home for nearly a week. Anyway, when you measure in revenge and the need to compile some wins to gain some confidence, adrenaline can carry you a long way. That said, DePaul has to be careful with shot selection, as the Blue Demons have shot less than 40 percent in two of their last three games. Plus, the Demons need their stars Billy Garrett Jr. and Eli Cain to step up, as they combined for just 19 points on 4-18 shooting from the field on Saturday.  Whoever plays smarter basketball will have the edge in this one. The Last Time  On January 1st, 2017, the Blue Demons started off the new year with a competitive battle with the Red Storm, but didn’t have quite enough to keep up with the St. John’s offensive onslaught in the second half in a 79-73 loss in Rosemont.  After leading by seven points at the half, DePaul gradually saw St. John’s chip away at the lead. Second half turnovers were also costly for the Blue Demons. DePaul turned the ball over 11 times in the second half. After shooting 40.6 percent overall in the first half, the Red Storm shot at a 56 percent clip in the second stanza. The Blue Demons also contended with foul trouble in the second half.  Joe Hanel fouled out of the game while Levi Cook and Tre McCallum were hampered with foul fouls apiece. DePaul had four players finish in double-figures.   Eli Cain led the way for the Blue Demons with 18 points, but was hampered by a calf strain in the game’s final minutes. Junior college transfer Tre’Darius McCallum recorded a near double-double of 14 points and nine rebounds. Garrett contributed 13 points and Chris Harrison-Docks came off the bench to chip in with 12 points including three 3-pointers. The backcourt duo of Marcus Lovett and Shamorie Ponds combined for 37 points.  LoVett led all scorers with 22 points on seven of 13 shooting.  Ponds scored 15 points and was five of 12 from the field.   Darien Williams came off the bench for the Red Storm to add 12 points.   St. John’s Roster No. Name Yr. Pos. Ht. Wt. Hometown/High School/Previous School 0 Malik Ellison SO Guard 6-6 215 Voorhees, N.J./Life Center Academy (N.J.) 1 Bashir Ahmed JR Guard/Forward 6-7 210 Bronx, N.Y.//Hutchinson Community College (Kan.) 2 Shamorie Ponds FR Guard 6-1 170 Brooklyn, N.Y./Thomas Jefferson 3 Amar Alibegovic JR Forward 6-9 240 Rome, Italy/Istituto Tecnico Minerva 4 Federico Mussini SO Guard 6-2 170 Reggio Emilia, Italy/Liceo Scientifico Aldo Moro 5 Justin Simon SO Guard 6-5 205 Temecula, Calif.//Arizona 10 Marvin Clark Jr. JR Forward 6-7 225 Kansas City, Mo.//Michigan State 11 Tariq Owens RS SO Forward 6-11 200 Odenton, Md.//Tennessee 12 Elijah Holifield SO Guard 6-3 185 Atlanta, Ga./Pace Academy 14 Kassoum Yakwe SO Forward 6-7 210 Bamako, Mali/Our Savior New American (N.Y.) 15 Marcus LoVett RS FR Guard 6-0 175 Fort Wayne, Ind./Morgan Park (Ill.) 20 Richard Freudenberg FR Forward 6-9 210 Munich, Germany/Luitpold-Gymnasium Munchen 23 Justin Cole FR Guard 6-2 190 Rockville Centre, N.Y./Archbishop Molloy 24 Brandon Lawrence FR Guard 6-2 175 Union City, Calif./Moreau Catholic 45 Darien Williams SR Forward 6-8 235 San Francisco, Calif.//City College of San Francisco   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Syracuse's 2017 Football Schedule Announced The 2017 Schedule Podcast: Blame Thompson, Not Capers The Porcupine Bear How Will UGA, Kirby Close 2017? Share & Embed Highlights: Jaylen Butz Full Story We Are DePaul Top Stories No. 19 DePaul Women Upset in OvertimeCHICAGO -  For two teams that average 160 points per game between them, 203 points was more expected than unexpected.    by Jim Niendorff We Are DePaulSaturday at 9:09 PM DePaul loses heartbreaker in overtime It was heartbreak city for the Blue Demons in a 70-69 overtime loss to 13th ranked Butler at Allstate Arena on Saturday afternoon. by Steve Newhouse We Are DePaulSaturday at 2:32 PM St. John's storms past DePaul DePaul once again did not bring a full 40-minute effort and the end result was a 78-68 loss to St. John's Monday afternoon at Carnesecca Arena during the Big East's annual marathon… by Dan Stack We Are DePaul01/17/2017 Schulte, DePaul Zap XavierCHICAGO - One of the few things DePaul’s Brooke Schulte did wrong Sunday afternoon was shoot 0-2 from three-point range. The rest of her game was on target. by Jim Niendorff We Are DePaul01/15/2017 Coleman, DePaul Buzz ButlerCHICAGO- DePaul's Amarah Coleman scored a career-high 20 points Friday night versus Butler, but it was one of her single digit statistics that meant the most to her and to her… by Jim Niendorff We Are DePaul01/14/2017 Q&A with Laurence HolmesIn this report, WSCR 670 The Score Radio’s Laurence Holmes, who has called many DePaul basketball games for the station, delivers his impression of the program through its first 17… by Eli Hershkovich We Are DePaul01/12/2017 Garrett displays moxie in comeback winIn his three-plus seasons in a Blue Demons’ uniform, Billy Garrett Jr. has wrestled with a sufficient amount of disappointment, enduring a 41-72 mark over that span.  by Eli Hershkovich We Are DePaul01/11/2017 Late Charge Fuels Blue Demon Win  In a 40 minute game where DePaul trailed for about 39 minutes, the Blue Demons came up big when it mattered most with a late charge to give them a 64-63 win over the Providence… by Steve Newhouse We Are DePaul01/11/2017 Catching Up with Max Strus  The addition of 6-6 shooting guard Max Strus will make the DePaul Blue Demons a whole lot better.  The only negative is that DePaul fans will have to wait until November 2017 to… by Steve Newhouse We Are DePaul01/03/2017 DePaul vs. No. 13 Butler PreviewThe Blue Demons return home to Allstate Arena to face the 13th ranked Butler Bulldogs on Saturday afternoon. We preview the game in this report.   by Steve Newhouse We Are DePaulFriday at 4:30 PM DePaul vs. Marquette PreviewThe Blue Demons go on the road to Milwaukee to face the Marquette Golden Eagles on Saturday afternoon. We preview the game in this report.   by Steve Newhouse We Are DePaul01/13/2017Load More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Wednesday 25 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 00:46 / GMT - 21:16 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Sun Jan 15, 2017 1:36 Latest iPhone 8 Leak Confirms 'Essential' Feature Upgrade Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- You’ve heard the news, the ‘iPhone 8’ is meant to be revolutionary: an ‘All glass’ OLED display, a forged steel chassis and it is getting bigger. But Apple is also addressing an important practical shortcoming of the iPhone 7. According to a report from the usually reliable Korea Herald, “multiple sources” can “confirm” the 2017 iPhones (currently both iPhone 7S and iPhone 8 models are expected) will have upgraded IP68 water and dust resistance ratings. This means the phones could withstand full submersion in up to 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes. This is a step up from the current IP67 rating on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus which can survive for the same time but only in one metre of water. This change sounds useful, but I’d argue it is actually essential. Why? Because Apple’s big justification for removing the headphone jack is it freed up space for a larger battery and was “essential” to make the phones IP67 water resistant. Except this doesn’t (if you’ll pardon the pun) wash. As it turned out, the iPhone 7 has a battery barely bigger than the iPhone 6 and the Galaxy S7 already has IP68 water resistance despite keeping the headphone jack. So no, this won’t stop me calling out Apple on what the “courageous” removal of the headphone jack really was “essential” for (self serving at best, deliberately misinformative at worst), but at least there is tangible progress now. Furthermore, given all the headline upgrades the iPhone 8 is expected to have (and it will need them with Samsung’s leaked Galaxy S8 reinvention) that’s a win.         LATEST STORIES (3) Syrian Army Troops Pounding Terrorists' Positions with Rocket Fire, Southeast of Aleppo Iraq's Military Troops Complete Control over Eastern Mosul Iraq's 99 Days of Battle for Eastern Mosul Nukes Without Conscience: America Told Britain to Keep Trident Test Failure a Secret Iran, Russia, Turkey Agree on Devising Mechanism to Ensure Syria Ceasefire Muqtada al-Sadr: US Embassy Move Means Declaring War on Muslims EXCLUSIVE: Several ISIL Military Training Camps Destroyed in Western Anbar Province Political Activist: US Distrustful of Saudi Arabia Jordanian Parties Warn US against Plan to Move Embassy to Occupied Jerusalem Iraq: Army Wins Back More Regions in Northern Mosul Syrian Army Inches Closer to Turkish Troops near Al-Bab Analyst: Syrian Army May Enter Militant-Held Idlib without Military Operation Kadyrov Confirms Chechens Serving as Russian Military Police in Aleppo Damascus: Syrian Army Recapturing Own Territories, Not on Offensive Asqar Farhadi's "The Salesman" Nominated for 2017 Oscar Syrian Army Troops Pounding Terrorists' Positions with Rocket Fire, Southeast of Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army soldiers continued their operations to cut off ISIL's lines of supply from Raqqa to Aleppo, capturing several villages Southeast of Aleppo province. [VIDEO] Iraq's Military Troops Complete Control over Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi government forces have liberated the entire Eastern Mosul territories, pushing the ISIL terrorists out of the last district they held East of the Tigris River. [VIDEO] Iraq's 99 Days of Battle for Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi officials said on Monday government forces had taken complete control of Eastern Mosul, nearly 100 days after the start of their campaign to dislodge ISIL terrorists from the city. [PHOTOS] Nukes Without Conscience: America Told Britain to Keep Trident Test Failure a Secret TEHRAN (FNA)- The United States government has trust issues. It refuses to look in the mirror and meet the one that will betray it the most: The United States government itself. Iran, Russia, Turkey Agree on Devising Mechanism to Ensure Syria Ceasefire TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian peace talks ended in the Kazakh capital city of Astana after Iran, Russia and Turkey adopted a final joint statement and agreed to devise a trilateral mechanism to support the ceasefire in the country to monitor any violation. Muqtada al-Sadr: US Embassy Move Means Declaring War on Muslims TEHRAN (FNA)- Powerful Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr underlined that US President Donald Trump's pledge to move Washington's embassy from Tel Aviv to al-Qods means declaring war against the Muslim world. EXCLUSIVE: Several ISIL Military Training Camps Destroyed in Western Anbar Province TEHRAN (FNA)- A group of Iraqi security forces pounded and destroyed several ISIL military training camps in the Western part of Anbar province as their comrades engaged in fierce clashes with the terrorists in Nineveh province. Political Activist: US Distrustful of Saudi Arabia TEHRAN (FNA)- The repeated defeats and failures of Riyadh in the regional wars, including in Syria and Yemen, have ruined the US confidence in the Saudi officials, a political activist said. Jordanian Parties Warn US against Plan to Move Embassy to Occupied Jerusalem TEHRAN (FNA)- Different political parties in Jordan warned new US President Donald Trump of the catastrophic consequences of honoring his campaign pledge to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to the occupied Jerusalem al-Quds. Iraq: Army Wins Back More Regions in Northern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi military forces continued to advance in Nineveh province and won back more lands North of the city of Mosul. Syrian Army Inches Closer to Turkish Troops near Al-Bab TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL terrorists in Eastern Aleppo and approached the positions of the Turkish soldiers and Ankara-backed militants that are fighting the ISIL in the town of al-Bab. Analyst: Syrian Army May Enter Militant-Held Idlib without Military Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Arab analyst Dr. Jamil Shaheen said the Syrian Army's smart plan to relocate the terrorists that are driven by different types of ideology to Idlib might eventually end up in the surrender of the Northwestern province to the government forces without shooting even a bullet. Kadyrov Confirms Chechens Serving as Russian Military Police in Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The head of Russia's Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov confirmed that troops from the Caucasus region were serving as Russian military police in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo. Damascus: Syrian Army Recapturing Own Territories, Not on Offensive TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian government delegation head at the Astana talks Bashar Jafari said Tuesday that the government forces are recapturing own territories, are not at war with any foreign state and noted that it means that the army liberates areas from terrorists' control. Asqar Farhadi's "The Salesman" Nominated for 2017 Oscar TEHRAN (FNA)- The Salesman (titled Forushandeh in Persian) by well-known filmmaker Asqar Farhadi has been shortlisted for an Academy Award in the category of Best Foreign Language Film, as the Iranian cinema has a good chance of grabbing another Oscar after "A Separation". ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Gadgets  »  Audio  »  Feature Hands-on Preview: Bragi Headphone by Elissa Loi  |  Monday 16 January 2017  | Comment Now Are the entry-level Bragis any good? They didn't get their debut at this year's CES, but we still managed to get some listening time with Bragi's imaginatively-named Headphones. You'll know Bragi of Dash fame. Those truly wireless buds were only half-aimed at music lovers - the other half had a real fitness focus. Not everyone leads an active lifestyle, though; that's where the Headphone come in. By ditching the activity-tracking smarts of the Dash, the headphone is aimed at everyone gearing up for a headphone jack-free future. Here's how we got on with a pre-release pair. HOW DO THEY FIT AND SOUND? I had serious doubts I would actually get a pair of Headphones into my ears, but despite how big they look, they actually sat in my ears quite snugly. They feel comfortable and light enough, but I'd need to use them for a lot longer than my short demo session to see if they'll leave you with aching ears. You get three different ear tips in the box - small and medium rubber ones, and large foam ones. You're bound to find the right size in a few tries (unless you have abnormally-sized lugholes). The foam tips give a bit of passive noise cancellation, sealing out any outside distractions as soon as you pop them in your ears. They sounded more balanced and robust than the Apple AirPods I've been using, but we'll have to wait for a full review to see how well they hold up outside of a quiet hotel suite.  Even without the Dash's focus on training, the Headphones are still water-resistant, so you don't have to let the train stop you from taking them out on a run. They don't have any onboard storage, though, so you'll have to take your phone along with you. From what I heard, there weren't any dropouts or disconnects, either between the Headphone and paired smartphone, or between the two earbuds. Hopefully that will be true of the final retail version - dropouts and disconnects are the one thing most truly wireless in-ears have yet to conquer. HOW DO THEY WORK? Unlike Apple’s AirPods, the Headphones have tiny physical controls on the right bud - you won’t have to reach for your phone to change up the volume or worse, speak to yourself in public.  Just remember, when we say tiny, we really mean pinhead tiny. You have to feel for the right control with your fingertip then press it using your fingernail. When you have the right angle, they click quite effortlessly. They’ll definitely take some getting used to, but once you do, it’s really quite easy. The “+” and “-” controls do the usual double duties of volume adjustment and track changing with a double or triple press. A third button plays and pauses your music. Holding in the volume button turns on audio transparency, letting you tune into the outside world without having to pull the buds from your ears. Perfect for when people start talking to you, oblivious to the fact that you're avoiding them. It was surreal when they first switched on, and I could hear Bragi's PR guy snapping his fingers around my head. It's like you don't even have headphones in at all. HOW LONG DO THEY LAST? The Headphone has a carry case, so you don't lose your buds when they're not in your ears, but unlike the Dash, it doesn't have a built-in battery. When you snap them magnetically back in the case, they won’t automatically be juiced up - you’ll have to plug in over micro-USB to get the power flowing. On a single charge, they should last about six hours, which is longer than most other truly wireless in-ears, but once you're out, you're out. It's a pity Bragi weren't able to include in-case charging. It's nice to have that battery security. READ NEXT: Sennheiser’s Ambeo headphones put directional surround sound in your ears At least is means the case is that little bit more compact and portable than the Dash, but other companies have managed to do both - why not Bragi? HOW DO I GET ONE? The good news is you can sign up for a pair of Headphones right now on Bragi’s site, and they’ll start shipping soon. Price is a real advantage for the Headphone: at US$149, they’re cheaper than most other truly wireless Bluetooth earbuds; a steal if you don’t mind the lack of charging within the case. If you're in the market for a no-frills pair of cable-free earbuds, the Bragi Headphone sounds like a worthy contender for your ears with its fiercely focused features.  Related Articles One Minute Review: Corsair's Wireless Void may fill yours Review: BenQ Zowie Vital boosts your PC's headphones Review: Sennheiser's PC 373D 7.1 headphones deliver amazing sound Review: Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless Review: AKG K92 headphones get the job done and don't cost the earth Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  audio  |  bragi  |  bragi headphone  |  headphones  |  review   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in Audio (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE Buyers' Guide: Get the right headphones for you << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Drag your guitar into the digital age with iRig Acoustic Stage and Pro I/O << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (3 of 10 articles) NEWS BeoPlay M5 is a big, beautiful cylinder of bass << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (4 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Bragi Headphone << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Roland's on-the-go mixer gives your smartphone videos stereo sound << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Sennheiser’s Ambeo headphones put directional surround sound in your ears << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE Which 2017 smartphones will ditch the headphone jack for good? << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Vinci headphones listen to you as you listen to them << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (9 of 10 articles) NEWS On-ear and up there: SoundMagic scales new heights << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The Beoplay H9 headphones cancel out all the bad noises << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Audio News Drag your guitar into the digital age with iRig Acoustic Stage and Pro I/O Review Review: Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless Feature Buyers' Guide: Get the right headphones for you Group Test Labs: MP3 Player Roundup: Introduction Gallery Gallery: BitFenix Flo headphones From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Everything we think we know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 5.6k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A concept rendering of what the Samsung Galaxy S8 could look like. Image: Steel drake/behance By Raymond Wong2017-01-16 04:09:10 UTC Samsung's next flagship phone, the Galaxy S8, will be arriving very soon. The pressure is on for the Korean electronics giant to deliver a flagship phone that not only improves on the specs of last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, but also kicks the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' butt. SEE ALSO: Samsung's foldable phone could transform into a 7-inch tablet Adding more features has always been Samsung's approach with new flagships, but as the company is no doubt aware after the Galaxy Note7 literally burned out, everyone will be watching closely to see what new safety measures it includes on the S8. What exactly can we expect from the S8? Here's what we're hearing from the rumor mill. 4K upgrade? The Samsung Galaxy S7 has a Quad HD screen. Will the S8 be Samsung's first phone with a 4K display? Image: Keith hopkin/mashable Samsung's gone with Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) displays for a while now and has yet to launch a phone with a 4K screen. While rumors suggest the Galaxy S8 will finally make the leap to a larger (5.7-inch) and higher resolution 4K Super AMOLED display (3,840 x 2,160) — if only because the increased resolution and pixel density will make mobile VR look crisper — it's by no means a lock-in. Another possibility is Samsung will release two S8 phones, a "regular" model and an "Edge" model with Quad HD and 4K resolutions, respectively. According to unverifiable case schematics leaked to GSMArena, Samsung might even drop the "Edge" model and release a "Plus" model with a 6.3-inch display instead. Conversely, another report claims Samsung might ditch flat displays altogether and only launch the S8 with curved edges. (Not a terrible idea since the whole dual curved screen look has become a signature Samsung aesthetic.) It also wouldn't be a stretch if the S8's screen is HDR-ready, like the Note7 was. No home button A concept rendering of the Galaxy S8 without a home button. Image: steel drake Speaking of the display, Samsung is reportedly planning to embed the fingerprint sensor underneath it as opposed to putting it inside the home button. By doing this, Samsung will be able to either increase the screen size and keep the S8's phone dimensions the same (or roughly the same) as the S7, or shrink the device's dimensions (specifically, the height, for better pocketing and one-handed use). A recent Samsung Display TV ad showed off a mock-up for a phone with no home button. It's unlikely Samsung leaked the S8 and was just showing a reference design, but even if the phone shown in the ad isn't the S8, it at least shows Samsung is thinking of getting rid of the home button. These renders from case makers also seem to support the curved screen and no home button design. More performance Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is based on a 10-nanometer process and will be in most flagship phones in 2017. Image: qualcomm If history is any indication, Samsung might release the S8 with two different processors — one powered by its own Exynos chip and another by a Qualcomm Snapdragon chip. Last we heard, Samsung might go with an Exynos 8895 chip and a Mali-G71 graphics chip that is said to provide up to 1.8x more graphics performance than the S7.  The other model is expected to come with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 processor, which will — surprise, surprise — be produced by Samsung using its 10-nanonmeter process for greater power efficiency. With the 835 chip, the S8 would gain a 27 percent boost in performance over the S7. As for how much RAM, we're hearing some sources say 6GB of RAM and others claim 8GB. Either way, it'll be more than the S7's 4GB. Goodbye headphone jack? Will the S8 have a headphone jack or join the iPhone 7 and remove it? Image: Brittany herbert/mashable Apple caused quite a ruckus when it removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7/7 Plus. And this year, Android phone makers appear to be ready to join the #noheadphonejack club. There are conflicting reports saying Samsung will and won't ditch the headphone jack. If the S8 has a headphone jack, Samsung will be able to rub it in Apple's face. But if it doesn't — then it's time to accept it and go wireless. 'Bixby' AI assistant The iPhone has Siri, Microsoft's Windows 10 Mobile phones have Cortana and Google's Pixel phones have the Assistant. Now Samsung is said to be launching its own AI digital assistant. Rumor has it that the S8 will come with its own assistant, possibly called "Bixby" and powered by Viv, the artificial intelligence assistant Samsung acquired in October. Interestingly, the creators of Viv are the same people who created Siri before selling it to Apple.  Assuming Samsung doesn't dumb Viv down, it could stomp all over Siri. Weatherproof The Galaxy S7 is IP68-rated water and dust-resistant. Image: Brittany Herbert/Mashable Samsung's been waterproofing its phones for years. With the S7 and S7 Edge, the company stepped up its Ingress Protection rating to IP68, meaning the phones can be submerged in up to 4.9 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. Additionally, the IP68 rating means they're dust, dirt and sand resistant without needing any caps or covers. With that level of protection, it seems unlikely Samsung would take a step back with the S8 and nix the weatherproofing. According to The Investor, the S8 will sport the same IP68 rating, making it just as weatherproof as its predecessor. One or two cameras? Will the S8 have one or two rear cameras? That is the question. Image: Brittany Herbert/Mashable So far, we've heard almost nothing about what kind of improvements will be made to the S8's cameras.  The logical thing would be for the company to copy Apple's iPhone 7 Plus dual-camera setup. After all, any phone that uses Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 835 chip will be able to support dual cameras without any complex wizardry. The closest clue to Samsung pursuing dual cameras for the S8 is a patent Samsung filed previously. But like all patents, it may never end up in any real product. As for the front-facing camera, Pocketnow claims Samsung will give the S8 and 8-megapixel camera with autofocus (up from 5 megapixels on the S7/S7 Edge). Sharper selfies than the iPhone 7 (7 megapixels)? Yes, please! Release date Traditionally, Samsung has used the annual Mobile World Congress as the stage to announce its new flagship phones. However, this year might be different. Word on the street is the company might skip MWC this year and hold its own own "Unpacked" event in April. It'll be later than usual, but given the disastrous Note7 launch, Samsung probably isn't taking any chances. Everything else As much as we think we know about the S8, there's still a lot that we don't know. For example, how big will the battery be, and what will the software will look like? Will the front-facing camera get an upgrade? Will the S8 include the Note7's iris scanner? Will there be wireless charging? How about expandable storage? Heck, we don't even know if Samsung will continue with the "glass sandwich" design it has used for the last two years. Rumors can only tell you so much, and while most of them usually end up being true, there's still plenty of room for Samsung to surprise us. BONUS: 5 awesome Android phones to replace your Galaxy Note7 Topics: Android, Gadgets, galaxy tab, galaxy s8, rumors, s8, samsung, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
null
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Workers dismayed by President Trump's federal hiring freeze The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Naver’s Line ranks No. 2 in global app sales   Published : 2017-01-16 12:20 Updated : 2017-01-16 22:44 Line, the mobile messenger established by South Korean internet giant Naver, was the second-most profitable app in the world in 2016, a new year-end report from Sensor Tower showed Monday. According to the mobile app marketing intelligence firm, global music streaming app Spotify generated the highest revenue in the nongame app category for the Apple App Store and the Google Play app store combined. Line came in second, followed by US-based movie and television show streaming service Netflix, online dating app Tinder and internet radio app Pandora, Sensor Tower said. (123RF) On the Apple App Store, Spotify ranked first in terms of revenue, followed by Netflix and Line. On Google Play, however, Line ranked first thanks to the “sales of its stickers and other purchasable items,” followed by Tinder and Pandora. The US market research company also highlighted the rise of Line Manga, the online comic reader and sales platform operated by Line, which ranked No. 7 in overall revenue for both app stores combined. “The real standout we saw across all three rankings (overall, Apple App Store and Google Play), however, was Line Manga, the eponymous chat platform’s comic reader/storefront, which launched in late 2015 and has been a growing source of revenue for the company ever since,” Sensor Tower said. The most-downloaded app of 2016 overall on both Apple and Google’s app stores was Facebook, followed by Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Instagram and Snapchat. With the exception of Snapchat, all of the top five apps are owned by US social networking giant Facebook. By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) (Sensor Tower) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Workers dismayed by Presiden... 2. Germany sends second batch o... 3. Park meets lawyers over impe... 4. Soprano Sumi Jo's performanc... 5. 750,000 still living under m... 6. 'Court ruling will not chang... 7. Cutting-edge technologies to... 8. SK’s takeover welcomed by m... 9. Tale of time travel romance ... 10. Trump’s TPP abandonment fa... 1. Trump’s TPP abandonment fa... 2. Ex-Ewha Univ. chief faces ar... 3. ‘Pokemon Go’ officially la... 4. Workers dismayed by Presiden... 5. G-Dragon holds exhibition in... 6. Park meets lawyers over impe... 7. Germany sends second batch o... 8. Tale of time travel romance ... 9. Soprano Sumi Jo's performanc... 10. G-Dragon's 'Crooked' music v... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her 2-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering alone around indoor playground Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip, rub whipped cream on each other and ‘other things’ in a Detroit hotel Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is detrimental to your mind and it's time to resign FAST  How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes every morning  Previous Next Alec Baldwin takes relaxing stroll with wife Hilaria and their sons hours after another biting impression of Donald Trump on SNL By Stephanie Haney At Dailymail.com Published: 21:57 EST, 15 January 2017 | Updated: 02:28 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 53 shares 112 View comments On Saturday night Alec Baldwin made headlines once again with another biting impersonation of president-elect Donald Trump on SNL. But hours later he was back to being just a family man as he enjoyed a Sunday stroll with wife Hilaria and two of their three young children.  The couple sipped on coffee from matching tumblers as they walked with Alec, 58, pushing son Rafael in a stroller while Hilaria, 33, cradled youngest son Leonardo in a sling. Family time: Alec and Hilaria Baldwin took a stroll with their two young sons on Sunday near their Manhattan, New York, home All four were bundled up from head to toe to keep out the Big Apple chill. Rafael, 19 months, was cocooned in what looked like a sleeping bag with his head peaking out and topped with a grey, marbled snow cap.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in... White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing... Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah... What a handful! Hilaria Baldwin juggles son Rafael and both... Share this article Share 53 shares Baby Leonardo, four months, wore a knitted gray hat and his mom kept her  wide red and black check scarf wrapped around him. The couple's eldest child - daughter Carmen, three, - wasn't with them for the outing. Sunday stroll: Alec, 58, and Hilaria, 33, were bundled up against the Big Apple chill while their boys were wrapped up warm, too, to protect them from the cold Snuggled up: Rafael, 19 months, was cocooned in what looked like a sleeping bag with his head peaking out and topped with a grey, marbled snow cap Hilaria bent at the neck to nuzzle baby Leonard as the group crossed the street into the wind. Alec, without a scarf, gloves or hat to guard against the chilly weather, braved the cold as they went along their way. The health and wellness buff seemed a bit more prepared for the cold, wearing a red and black checked scarf and fur-lined boots.  Sunday funday: Just hours earlier, Alec had made headlines again with another biting impression of president-elect Donald Trump on SNL Chilly weather: Alec, without a scarf, gloves or hat to guard against the chilly weather, braved the cold as Hilaria seemed a more prepared, wearing a red and black checked scarf and boots Not with the celebrity couple was their eldest child, daughter Carmen, three  Alec and Hilaria both had late nights on Saturday, as the author joined her actor husband on set for his latest appearance on NBC's Saturday Night Live. Alec took to the stage yet again at 30 Rockefeller Center to portray US President-elect Donald Trump. The comedian mocked Trump's performance at his Wednesday press conference, the first he's held since July, shortly after he won the Republican nomination. Biting: Alec gave another headline-making impression of Trump on Saturday Night Live, taking aim at his first press conference in six months that took place last Wednesday Read more: Donald Trump Press Conference Cold Open - SNL - YouTube Share or comment on this article e-mail 53 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (112) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her two-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering... Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake,... Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white,... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Use Your Credit Card Bill As A Wake-Up Call To Evaluate Your Spending Call And Ask To Have The Interest Rate Reduced On Your Credit Cards If You Haven't Yet Ordered Valentine's Day Flowers, Now Is The Time What 'Buy For Quality' Purchases Do You Regret? Home Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day 10 Things To Consider Before Building A Granny Flat Clean Paint Brushes With The Right Solvents For The Paint You Use A Foolproof 5-Ingredient Ice Cream, No Cooking Required Entertainment Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About This Video Is A Quick Primer On How To Read Sheet Music Australian Open 2017: Today's Schedule Travel These DIY Stacked Containers Keep Snacks Organised And Easy To Reach These Tips Help You Cram Three Child Seats Into Your Car Improve Your Travel Photos By Creating A Shot List Before You Go Use Warm Soapy Water To Force A Stubborn Bike Tyre Onto The Rim Health Lull Yourself To Sleep By Counting Backwards From 300 In Threes Why We're So Attached To Our Stuff Here Are All The Ways Your Body Changes As It Ages How To Pick The Right Veterinarian For Your Pet Design You Can Customise Your Chromecast's Background With More Than Stock Photos The Highway At Night Desktop ASUS Launches Raspberry Pi-Esque 'Tinker Board' With 4K Support This Mod Transforms Your iPhone 5s Chassis Into An iPhone 7 'Mini' Work Productivity Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone The First Builds Of Lineage OS, CyanogenMod's Successor, Are Now Live Make Your Own Tool Roll With Built-In Solar Charging Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software Communicate Writefull Analyses The Context Of Phrases You Use To Improve Your Writing Google Voice Gets Group Texts, MMS And A New Look After Years Of Stagnation An Inside Look At Samsung's Explosive Galaxy Note7 Batteries [Infographic] Samsung Explains Why The Note7 Kept Exploding Organise Briefly: PS4 Download Hack, Aussie Gin, Baywatch Is Back Deals: Charge Your Devices The Easy Way With This Reversible Micro USB Cable Briefly: Dashcam Disasters, EB Games Sale, 2017's Best Movies This Week's Top Downloads Career 7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid During Your Next Job Interview [Infographic] Three Ways To Make Sure You Pick A Good Tailor Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure Business Travel Dealhacker: Get A 500ml Tub Of Messina Ice Cream Delivered For $1 Australia To Replace Passports With Biometric Tech How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Security Ask LH: How Can I Get Rid Of All This Spam? RansomFree Proactively Protects Your Computer Against Ransomware Attacks Build Your Own Smartphone-Connected Door Lock With A Raspberry Pi Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Small Business & Startups Elevator Pitch: HealthEngine You Don't Need To Appeal To Everyone As Long As You Find Your Niche What To Avoid When Choosing A Name For Your Small Business How I Succeeded: OBT's Shane Muller IT Pro Cloud Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud IT Career Why It's Still Okay To Include An Objective Statement On Your Resume Killer Interview Question: How Did You Prepare For This Interview? What Employees Value More Than Salary, According To Glassdoor These Scripts Help You Start And Nail A Salary Negotiation Talk With Your Boss IT Security The Most Important iOS and macOS Security Bugs Apple Patched Today 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Deals: Pay What You Want To Become A Hacker Should You Be Worried About Meitu App Security And Privacy Fears? Developer Five Tools For Beginners That Power Up The Command Line Microsoft Releases 3D Debugging Tool For DirectX 12 Deals: Get A Complete Coding Education With This Training Bundle Wire A Raspberry Pi Zero Directly Into A Power Supply For A Low-Profile Computer Deployment 10 Most Popular Enterprise Apps In Australia Here Are The PC Parts That Are Fine To Buy Used (And Parts You Should Buy Brand New) Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? Windows 10 Will Soon Be Able To Help You Free Up Disk Space Automatically Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Ask LH: How Can I Get Rid Of All This Spam? Australian Open 2017: Today's Schedule 10 Most Popular Enterprise Apps In Australia What To Avoid When Choosing A Name For Your Small Business Everything You Need To Know About HDR Alex Cranz Jan 16, 2017, 3:45pm ⋅ Filed to:  4k tvs Australian Stories feature hdr hdr tv streaming television Share Image: Gizmodo If you followed the news out of CES closely this year, you probably heard the word HDR tossed around a lot. In 2017 we'll see TVs for under $700 with the feature, and fancy monitors for over $1300. But what does HDR even mean? HDR stands for 'high dynamic range'. Originally the term was applied exclusively to a style of still photography that greatly diminished shadows and highlights in photos. It made it useful for architects and real estate agents, people who would want to represent the insides of their buildings without all the nasty glare of sun and the darkness of shadowy corners. Yet HDR also found fans amongst really bad photographers with access to Photoshop, and consequently an unattractive HDR aesthetic emerged in still photography. " align="center" size="xlarge" nocrop="true"] That aesthetic, thankfully, can't translate to moving pictures. But HDR in movies and TVs is still about revealing details in areas of extreme brightness and darkness. A display accomplishes the feat by having a truly exceptional contrast ratio. The UHD Alliance, a consortium of TV makers, content creators and distributors, actually defines the peak brightness and darkness a TV needs to produce to be HDR-compliant. Specifically, the UHD Alliance says a TV has to be able to put out 1000 nits (twice as bright as Samsung Galaxy S7 phone in sunlight) and get as dark as .05 nits — something a lot of LED TVs can do. Or it has to get as bright as 540 nits and as dark as 0.0005 — something only an OLED display is really capable of. It also must be able to display content at a minimum 4K resolution and produce wider colour gamut than that the one used for the last 30 years, Rec. 709. The new LG OLED W7 plays all three HDR formats as well as a new unreleased one from Technicolor. Rec. 709, or sRGB, is a colour gamut that was used to master nearly every show, movie and video game until only recently. Your TVs, phones and even your computers were all calibrated to that specific set of colours, but Rec. 709 can only replicate about 34 per cent of what the human eye can see. Which is why the movie mode on your TV or laptop always makes things look sort of brown and washed out. Newer TVs and monitors are capable of replicating a lot more colours. Most high-end TV sets can reproduce the colour gamut found in the digital movie projectors at your local theatre: DCI P3. That's about 46 per cent of what the human eye can see. It's an extremely popular gamut of colours — including being the gamut of choice for all 2016 and newer Apple products and, as announced recently, Instagram. But being able to display less than half of all colours a pristine human eye can see still feels like a waste. That is why, in 2012, a new, even wider colour gamut was introduced: Rec. 2020. Rec. 2020 gamut represents a whopping 67 per cent of what the human eye can see. So everything on your TV would be brighter and more vibrant than anything you'd seen on a TV before. Unfortunately, not a single consumer display is yet capable of Rec. 2020. So only a handful of HDR formats actually require it over the less impressive DCI P3. Which brings us to the actual methods for distributing HDR content. Currently, the most popular HDR format, because there are many, is HDR10. Its popularity stems from the fact that it's cheap to use. There are no nasty licensing fees associated with HDR10 so any TV maker or content producer can use it. Right now every TV maker with an HDR set can play HDR10 content, and it's the format used by the Xbox One S and PlayStation 4 Pro as well. Content from Netflix and Amazon can also be played back on HDR10 sets. But its affordability also creates limitations. Specifically, HDR10 is... sort of dumb. Other formats adjust depending on the quality of the TV in the hopes of providing the best possible picture on a set. HDR10 doesn't do that. If your TV can perfectly match the colours and brightness and darkness posited by the HDR10 content than it will look exactly as the director intended. If your TV cannot, than you may find instances where light sources are blown out, or scenes appear too dark, or colours too vivid. Also, HDR10 doesn't scale well. In fact, HDR10 content on future TVs will look worse as those TV sets improve and peak brightness and darkness levels get better and and colour reproduction improves — sort of like trying to watch standard definition content on a 4K set. This scaling problem is dealt with in some of the other HDR formats. Dolby Vision is especially popular at the moment. Introduced last year, Dolby Vision has quickly gained a following amongst content creators because of its dynamic metadata. Theoretically, a filmmaker can master their movie in Dolby Vision and never have to master it again for Dolby Vision sets. It's also mastered to reproduce more colours and better contrast — specifically, it can replicate up to Rec. 2020 and a theoretical 10,000 nits peak brightness. HDR10 just goes up to DCI P3 and 4000 nits peak brightness. Samsung's Q9 is the rare non-OLED that's optimised handle all of the new HDR formats. But Dolby Vision requires expensive monitors to master content on, and it has pricey licensing fees, too. So while it's the most futureproof HDR format and potentially produces the highest quality content, it hasn't seen wide adoption. Still, more and more films are being mastered in Dolby Vision, and nearly every major TV maker announced support for the format in their flagship TVs at CES this year. Crucially, both Netflix and Amazon Video opted to support the format halfway through last year. The problem keeping Dolby Vision from being the one HDR format to rule them all is that its dynamic metadata means it takes up a lot of space. So while its fine for people already streaming gigabytes worth of data over the internet, it's terrible for broadcasting content over airwaves — something necessary if broadcast TV ever plans to adopt HDR. This is where Hybrid-Log Gamma (HLG) comes in. It's the newest HDR format on the block. Developed in tandem by the BBC and NHK, HLG was created specifically with broadcast television in mind and ignores metadata completely, instead relying on the TV to know precisely what its capable of reproducing from the signal it receives. This also allows it to be completely backwards compatible with standard dynamic range (SDR) television sets — something HDR10 and Dolby Vision content isn't. HLG is the newest HDR format, but its support from BBC and NHK (the largest broadcasters in the UK and Japan respectively), its open source nature and the lost cost of implementation into sets has improved adoption in sets. Samsung, LG and Panasonic all announced support at CES. Sony's Bravia XBR-A1E OLED can also play all three new formats. And others could follow suit. The beauty of HDR is that implementation of new formats can in some cases be as simple as a software update. So future formats like the Technicolor backed SL-HDR1 could be added to your $6000 set with the press of a button But HDR does have one major hardware limitation that will leave you frustrated when setting up your home theatre. It requires an HDMI 2.0 port with HDCP 2.2. HDMI 2.0 looks identical to the more common HDMI 1.4, but the ports are more expensive to produce and the cables much pricier, so most TVs have a mix of 1.4 and 2.0 HDMI ports, and none of them actually label the damn things or the provided HDMI cables. Which means getting HDR content on your TV can be a nightmare of testing ports, fiddling with the television's settings app and haunting home theatre enthusiast forums. In fact, double check. Did you get an Xbox One S or PlayStation 4 Pro for Christmas? There's a good chance it isn't actually displaying the HDR content promised. Confusing formats and struggles of port labelling aside, when HDR is working it's a stunning improvement to the films and TV shows you've been watching. Shows steeped in shadows no longer seem too dark to watch, explosions appear more realistic and cars and the shine of a football player's helmet are almost extraordinary in how real to life they appear. As the technical challenges to broadly implementing HDR are overcome, we're quickly finding out that the bright future was worth the wait. This story originally appeared on Gizmodo Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software Alan Henry 23 Jan 2017 12:15 PM Unless you have a company buying licenses for you, tools like Photoshop, Pro Tools, Maya, or even Windows can be a serious bite out of your wallet. Here are some more affordable options to those normally pricey apps that will help you stop fretting and get more done. 7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid During Your Next Job Interview [Infographic] Alan Henry 24 Jan 2017 2:30 PM A job interview is your best chance to make a good impression on a future boss and team, and while it's also a time for them to impress you, you want to make sure you send the right message with your non-verbals. This graphic outlines seven different body language mistakes you won't want to make, and how to avoid them. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Lifehacker's Static Podcast: The Interviews Lifehacker's Static Podcast: Is It Legal To Carry A Knife? Lifehacker's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software 2 7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid During Your Next Job Interview [Infographic] 3 The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About 4 10 Things To Consider Before Building A Granny Flat 5 What To Avoid When Choosing A Name For Your Small Business The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone You should never wash your jeans -- here's how to clean them TONY ROBBINS: How to pull yourself out of a funk STOCKS HIT ALL-TIME HIGHS: Here's what you need to know Here's how long you should keep your tax filings, pay stubs, and other important financial records © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims A vulnerability in the popular messaging service could allow Facebook to intercept supposedly encrypted messages. Michael Simon 14 January, 2017 02:08 - - - - print email Comments When Facebook’s WhatsApp turned on end-end-end encryption in its messaging service last year, it was a big deal. As all eyes were glued on Apple’s fight with the FBI over unlocking the San Bernardino shooter’s iPhone, WhatsApp took a huge step toward protecting its users’ privacy by moving to encrypt all messages and calls being sent between its apps. But a new report suggests it might not be as secure as users think. According to The Guardian, a serious vulnerability in WhatApp’s encryption could allow Facebook to intercept and read messages unbeknownst to the recipient, and only aware of by the sender if they have previously opted in to receive encryption warnings. The security flaw, which was discovered by Tobias Boelter, a cryptography and security researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, can “effectively grant access (to users’ messages)” by changing the security keys and resending messages. “WhatsApp’s end-to-end encryption relies on the generation of unique security keys, using the acclaimed Signal protocol … to guarantee communications are secure and cannot be intercepted by a middleman,” the paper wrote. “However, WhatsApp has the ability to force the generation of new encryption keys for offline users … and to make the sender re-encrypt messages with new keys and send them again for any messages that have not been marked as delivered.” While there is no evidence to suggest WhatsApp has used the flaw to surreptitiously intercept messages, Boelter says he reported the vulnerability to Facebook back in April 2016 but was informed that it was “expected behavior.” According to The Guardian the security flaw, which still exists in the latest version of the service’s encryption, is exasperated by WhatsApp’s habit of automatically resending undelivered messages without authorization by the user. According the Whatsapp its website, end-to-end encryption is always activated when using the service, and there is no way to turn it off. Additionally, each conversation has its own optional verification process that can be used to verify that calls and messages are end-to-end encrypted. The impact on you at home: Hopefully, there is none. While the flaw in WhatsApp certainly has the appearance of being nefarious, there is nothing to suggest that users’ messages are actively being compromised. That being said, the possibility that messages can be intercepted should be enough for Facebook to respond and act on it, and we hope they do in a timely fashion. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleFacebookFBI Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD Web Developer SA Dynamics CRM Technical Delivery Manager VIC Project Services Opportunities SA Devops Engineer VIC Business Project Manager Integration NSW Junior Project Manager QLD Data Analyst VIC Program Manager NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​WA government finalises contracts for IT overhaul ​ME exploring artificial intelligence The week in security: Hackers plunder online databases as Trump nominee flags ... CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case ​Android HummingBad malware returns to Google Play Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Techworld LinkedIn pumps water down to its server racks, uses an interesting spine and leaf network fabric Lenovo tunes N23 Yoga Chromebook for Android apps with ARM processor Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall CMO Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Personal Finance Small Business Global innovations in 2016: Canadian smart coat, Swedish air drum, Japanese floating bonsai and more By Evie Liu Published: Jan 15, 2017 1:11 p.m. ET Share The most-funded Kickstarter projects in these countries may surprise you By EvieLiu iBand Plus, Arenar iBand+ has pledged about $671,000 from 3,958 backers through its 2016 Kickstarter campaign. Since the launch in 2009, Kickstarter has successfully funded more than 117,000 projects with $2.8 billion globally. According to data from 2014, the top nine countries with most pledged funds accounted for almost 85% of Kickstarter’s total pledge. Here is our roundup of some of the most funded Kickstarter projects from these countries in 2016: United States: Pebble 2, Time 2 + All-New Pebble Core Pledged $12.7 million from 66,673 backers, 13 times more than original goal. Pebble Technology For any smart wearable lovers, Pebble is not an unfamiliar name. It’s arguably the first notable smart wearable device on market and started the whole revolution followed by most big consumer tech manufacturers like Apple, Google, LG, Microsoft, among others. When the Pebble smartwatches went on sale at Best Buy in 2013, they were sold out within five days. In May 2016, the company returned to Kickstarter for the third time with its latest products, after its 2012 and 2015 campaigns generated more than $32 million and ended up the most funded projects for each respective year. The latest campaign led to another big success on the crowdfunding platform, reaping another $12 million from 66,673 backers. The company just confirmed its acquisition by Fitbit FIT, +1.83%   in early December and will no longer manufacture any new products or provide warranty support for current products. Any Kickstarter backers that haven’t received their rewards yet were promised a full refund. Sweden: Freedrum — The Drumkit That Fits in Your Pocket Pledged $622,877 from 4,054 backers, four times more than original goal. Freedrum Air drumming is coming to a whole new level with this gadget, which allows you to create actual beats anytime from anywhere you want. You don’t need an actual set of drums, but only a pair of sticks equipped with the motion-sensitive sensors. After pairing them with your smartphone via Bluetooth, you can start producing sounds through the mobile app by simply hitting the air, where the imaginary virtual drumkit should sit. The best part? You can put on a pair of earbuds and never worry about bothering others around you. It’s also more financially friendly for aspiring young musicians who can’t afford a real set of drums. The “First Bird” price for a Freedrum kit on Kickstarter is only $69, much cheaper than the conventional drums that usually cost hundreds or thousands of dollars. United Kingdom: Dark Souls — The Board Game Pledged $4.6 million from 31,178 backers, 75 times more than original goal. Steamforged Games A board game based on a popular video game series has almost assured its fan base and success already. When the British company Steamforged Games announced its crowdfunding plan for a miniature-based exploration of the action role-playing video game, it received £3.7 million — roughly $4.6 million — in pledges within 27 days. That’s 75 times more than what the company originally asked. The extra cash went right to the backers, who will now get a lot more additional player characters and items through the campaign’s stretch goals. The product is expected for delivery by April 2017. Games are the most popular category on Kickstarter, outstripping Design and Technology with 20% of the platform’s total pledged funds. Board games, particularly, seem to be doing well in recent years. Tabletop game projects have raised twice as much money on Kickstarter in the first six months of 2016 as they did two years ago, according to data from ICO Partners, an online games consulting firm. That’s six times more than the video game sector. France: Dual Universe : Civilization Building Sci-Fi MMORPG Pledged about $590,000 from 8,166 backers, 1.1 times more than original goal. Novaquark One seamless and persistent universe shared and built by all players at the same time, with no instances, no zones and no transitions. That sounds like the ultimate dream for many video gamers. Novaquark, the indie game studio based in the center of Paris, is bringing that dream to reality. “Dual Universe is going very far in trying to answer this dream, and create a playground in which the players will be able to recreate entire civilizations,” said J.C. Baillie, founder of Novaquark. Dual Universe has been the third biggest video game Kickstarter campaign worldwide in 2016, and the biggest ever in France. “We have been working very hard since the last E3 to build up our community and have tens of thousands of people interested in Dual Universe before we even launched the Kickstarter,” Baillie wrote in an email to MarketWatch. “Kickstartershould be the culmination of your marketing efforts, not the starting point.” The video game industry as a whole, however, has seen a tougher year in crowdfunding than 2015, according to Baillie. The total amount of money raised for video games in the first half of 2016 — a meagre $8.2 million — has shrunk more than half compared to more than $20 million in the previous period, according to data from ICO Partners. What’s missing are the larger projects in the upper tier. Although some of the big players like Chronicles of Elyria, System Shock and Dual Universe still received great success, fewer video game projects were able to drive more than $500,000 of investment this past year. Australia: Nura: Headphones that learn and adapt to your unique hearing Pledged $1.8 million from 7,730 backers, 1.8 times more than original goal. Nura In the endless pursuit for better sound quality, the Australian company Nura provides a whole new solution — personalized sounds tailored to your ears. It is a rarely known fact that not only do human ears capture outside sound, they also produce their own — the so-called “otoacoustic emissions” from the vibration of our cochlea hair cells in response to auditory stimulation. Scientists have been using them to detect hearing problems in newborns, but Nura decided to capture them for a different use. The microphone embedded in the earbuds of Nura headphones would register and analyze these emissions to work out which frequencies you heard well and which ones you don’t. The headphone would then modify the sound coming out of it to best fit your “hearing profile”. The team traveled to U.K., Berlin, U.S. and Australia to showcase their products to journalists and presented at festivals such as the Berlin Music Tech Fest. “This helped us to overcome the credibility barrier and also appeal to those outside Australia,” said Sonia Miles-Khan, direct marketing manager at Nura. The team has grown to more than three times the size it was during our campaign and is now split between three offices in Melbourne, San Francisco and Shenzhen, China. T he Netherlands: iBand+: EEG headband that helps you Sleep and Dream! Pledged about $671,000 from 3,958 backers, 13 times more than original goal. iBand Plus, Arenar Never heard of lucid dream? It’s like the real-life “Inception” when you are aware of your own dream and could possibly even control it. It’s not a new concept in the human history, but technology has finally brought us to the point that it’s possible for everyone, or at least as claimed by iBand+, the Dutch team with its so-called “dream-inducing headband”. iBand+ uses EEG technology to monitor users’ brainwaves and other body vitals to monitor their sleep phases. Once it determines someone has entered Rapid Eye Movement (REM), the stage of sleep when people dream, it would play some audio-visual cues—either through light patterns on the headband LEDs or sound from the pillow speakers (included in the kit). These cues would alert the user that he or she is in a dream without waking them up. EEG is not a new technology. But while a classic EEG session might involve as many as 30 electrodes around your scalp, iBand+ managed to compress it into one small piece of wearable with only three electrodes over the forehead. The products are due to be delivered to backers next May. Germany: Mr Beam II - The Desktop Laser Cutter and Engraver Pledged about $982,000 from 791 backers, 12 times more than original goal. Mr Beam Lasers At the 2016 World Maker Faire in NYC earlier this October, Kickstarter presented The Future Fablab — a collection of machines that “translate processes typically found on factory floors to your desktop, automating everything from circuit-board assembly to metal cutting”. Mr Beam was one of the inventions featured in The Future Fablab. It’s a small group of consumers compared to other Kickstarter projects — only 791 backers, but they are very devoted. On average, each backer pledged to Mr Beam as much as $1,242, generally six times more than any other projects on our list. “They just love to use their engineering skills on mini fabrication machines of all kinds at home,” said Teja Philipp, CEO and co-founder of the company. It’s Mr Beam’s second campaign on Kickstarter. The company rolled out a simpler portable laser cutter in 2014 and raised around $180,000. Canada: Smart Parka - The World’s First Complete Winter Coat Pledged $2.4 million from 8,805 backers, 109 times more than original goal. North Aware The average temperature of Toronto’s winter could drop below 10 degrees Celsius (14 Fahrenheit). Considering that, there is no surprise that Smart Parka, a multifunctional winter coat, ended up the 2016 Kickstarter champion in Canada. The product comes with built-in gloves, sewn-in scarf, length extension, detachable hood, removable lining and pockets for tech devices. Seriously, what else to expect? The company behind Smart Parka, North Aware, has now received 11,000 online orders from all over the world and raised more than $2.4 million, according to CNN Money. That’s over 100 times more than what it had asked for. These numbers are especially impressive considering fashion has been one of the least successful categories on Kickstarter. Japan: Air Bonsai | Create your ‘little star’ Air Bonsai has pledged $843,743 from 3,784 backers through its 2016 Kickstarter campaign. Creative Common Bonsai is the traditional Japanese art form by growing trees in containers or pots. But if being pretty isn’t enough for you, check out this bonsai that also floats and rotates in the air. The Air Bonsai uses the power of magnets to repel itself away from the base and levitates in air. There are several plant designs you can choose from. But don’t bother ordering one. This elegant-looking product has completely sold out. More from MarketWatch: Consumers’ No. 1 complaint: Errors on their credit reports Is the Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value? The No. 1 job in America is... Quote References FIT +0.13 +1.83% Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 4.06% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.14% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.25% 5/1 ARM 3.31% 5/1 ARM refi 3.43% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.59% $50K HELOC 4.65% $75K HELOC 4.65% $100K HELOC 4.36% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.56% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.09% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.28% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.27% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.18% 48 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.39% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.61% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Fitbit Inc. U.S.: NYSE: FIT $7.23 +0.13 (+1.83%) Volume 11.3M Open $7.07 High $7.29 Low $7.07 P/E Ratio 16.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B LatestNews
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! China tightens grip on app stores – CNET Posted on January 15, 2017 by CNET China is the world’s biggest tech market, but it also may be the most regulated. The state will be tightening its grip on industry from Monday, when app stores will be made to officially register with the government. Around 75 percent of the 550 … Apple Accused Of Monopolistic Behavior With Its iOS App StoreUbergizmo China tells app stores to register with the governmentEngadget A Chinese regulator is ordering app stores to register with the governmentThe Verge New York Times -SlashGear -The Next Web -Top Tech News all 20 news articles …read more wrote 25434 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Pokémon Duel is a slick digital board game for your phone – The Verge Apple’s iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, ‘Find My AirPods’ – CNET Apple just revealed a big way Siri is going to take on Amazon Alexa – Business Insider The Huawei Watch 2 is reportedly coming next month – The Verge Google releases final Android Wear 2.0 preview before launch next month – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Industry China tightens grip on app stores China tightens grip on app stores There's no Google Play Store in China, but there are plenty of imitators. And now, they all have to register with the government. Tech Industry by Daniel Van Boom January 15, 2017 8:39 PM PST @dvanboom Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Enlarge Image Getty Images China is the world's biggest tech market and may also be the most regulated. The country will be tightening its grip on industry from Monday, when app stores will be required to officially register with the government. Around 75 percent of the 550 million smartphones used in China run Android, but the Google Play Store is banned in the country. There are many companies, like Baidu and Tencent, that have built app stores to fill that gap. Now, they'll all be officially regulated, the Cyberspace Administration of China said Friday. The Cyberspace Administration's notice asserted that app stores aren't managed properly and that this new measure will both make the stores safer and more profitable. The Chinese government, which works hard to control all aspects of the tech and internet worlds inside its borders, has always had a hand in how app stores are managed in the country. Apple earlier this month was made to pull the New York Times app from its store and last year had to shutter its iTunes Movies and iBooks services. This follows new regulations for app developers announced in July, when the Cyberspace Administration told app developers they had to keep a record of user activity for 60 days, establish the identity of users with real-name registration, monitor and report banned content, and seek user consent before collecting personal information and location data. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Digital Media Google Related Stories 'Deceptive' phone-breathalyzer maker must refund $5.1 million SEC said to be investigating Yahoo over data breaches Hugo Barra says bye to Xiaomi, hello again to Silicon Valley ​Former Google search chief now rides with Uber Close   Discuss: China tightens grip on app stores Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Singapore AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Business AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Malaysia AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Asia AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' World AsiaOne USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour The Korea Herald/ANN 'Running Man' will keep running AFP UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister AFP The rape case that shadowed Polanski AFP Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Forum 1. Chinese are playing Trump like a drum: Economist 5. China just made VPNs illegal 2. What is the market rate for 2017 CNY angpows? 6. National Library has become a haven for vagabonds 3. 8 Chinese New Year superstitions you may not know 7. Who's in the wrong? Old lady and young man argue on SBS bus 4. SG pools must disclose 'Expected Value' of lottery ticket to be fair to its victims 8. Make electronic payments by maids' bosses 'mandatory' Services Horoscope Stock Market COE RESULTS Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury USS surprises 25 millionth visitor with red carpet, VIP tour 'Running Man' will keep running UK govt to present draft law 'within days' to begin Brexit: Minister The rape case that shadowed Polanski Dubai disabled centre 'penalised for hosting Kardashian' Firebrand Iraq cleric warns US on Israel embassy move HSBC to close 62 branches in Britain, resulting in 180 job losses China's Alibaba quarterly revenue surges 54% to $11 billion Hong Kong to return 9 SAF Terrex vehicles to Singapore: MFA China says it will not back down on South China Sea Elder Bush out of intensive care, wife Barbara released Giant wolf-size otters once roamed China Singapore Ravi Velloor Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Barack Obama Singapore Envoy who swung White House dinner says goodbye The Straits Times | Ravi Velloor | Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 Ravi Velloor The Straits Times Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 How do you take a great relationship and make it "fantastic-er"? That was the challenge that departing United States Ambassador Kirk Wagar faced during his 3 1/2 years in Singapore. The 47-year-old lawyer by training cannot be faulted for not trying. Blessed with boundless energy, a hail-fellow-well-met demeanour, boyishly cropped hair and a penchant for clothes that tend to need volume control, his enthusiasm to build ties has often been infectious to his circle of friends and associates here. In some ways, the work could not have been too difficult. Few Asian states, not even treaty allies of the US, like Thailand and the Philippines or even Japan, are as welcoming of America as Singapore has consistently been. Security coordination between the two is intense. Much military weaponry, particularly in the Singapore Air Force, is bought from the US. The fireworks at the American community's Fourth of July celebrations here (Mr Wagar held one Independence Day anniversary on Sentosa Beach) often seem as noisy as those on Singapore's National Day. Little surprise there. American companies are some of the largest employers on the island - by Mr Wagar's calculation, the top 10 US companies here, including Citibank, Seagate, Hewlett Packard and ExxonMobil - employ as many as half the people on the rolls of the Singapore Government. Still, there is always the danger of taking a relationship for granted. Outgoing United States Ambassador Kirk Wagar, a lawyer by training who was born in Canada, says his 31/2-year tour of duty in Singapore was like doing an MBA or a doctoral thesis on one of the most important regions of the world, expertise that he wants to put to use in the next stage of his career. ST PHOTO: SEAH KWANG PENG How, then, do you make it "fantastic-er" - to borrow Mr Wagar's own phrase? Perhaps, as the advertisement for Old Parr whisky goes, with more of the same. And then some. Last year, US President Barack Obama did precisely that by putting on a state dinner for Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the White House. That it was only the 12th such event he had hosted in the eight years he occupied the place - by some calculations, Mr Obama had 300 rounds of golf in the same period - underscores the value he places on the relationship with Singapore. The last time a Singapore leader had been thus honoured was more than three decades ago, when founding prime minister Lee Kuan Yew paid a visit. How does one swing such a prestigious event for the leader of your host nation? A lot depends on your relationship with the boss. America has two types of ambassadors - the career diplomat and the political appointee. Typically, an American president sends trusted confidants to critical posts. In Asia, they include the US envoys to China, Japan, India and Singapore. Mr Wagar, like Mrs Caroline Kennedy in Tokyo, is a political appointee. It helps the relationship, therefore, that Mr Wagar is chummy with Mr Obama, has his mobile number and helped him win Florida, one of America's most vote-rich states, during his successful runs for the presidency. Mr Wagar acknowledges that he "knows the President" but says he is given too much credit for the state dinner, adding that Singapore ambassador to Washington Ashok Mirpuri worked equally hard to make it happen. In any case, the austere Mr Obama would not have consented if he had not wanted to. "The reality is that President Obama has a genuinely (close) relationship with Mr Lee and he wanted to make a statement about him and Singapore," says Mr Wagar. "You see that closeness at international summits. The two are often in a corner, talking, sometimes laughing. There is genuine affection and respect between them." Born in Canada, Mr Wagar arrived in the US as a student at age 18. He stayed on because he enjoyed "the hustle and bustle of the United States as a teenager involved in anti-apartheid activity and stuff like that. It stuck with me how things moved when America took it up as an issue. America was in every conversation". Most of his years since have been spent in the Miami area and he was running a successful law practice when he got the "opportunity to serve", as he calls it. That meant giving up his law practice. His wife Crystal, a lawyer with her own practice in Miami, tried to run her firm from Singapore but gave it up eventually. Mr Wagar takes satisfaction in seeing the bilateral relationship during his term widening into regional projects, cyber and port security and combating extremism. This week, for instance, a group of Singaporean law enforcement officers is in the US for training in handling an active shooter rampaging in a mall or school. In turn, the US instructors gain perspective on the challenges in this part of the world. The private sectors are jointly reaching out to new parts of the world, including Latin America, offering expertise on smart cities, financial technology and other things. Meanwhile, Singapore was the seventh country to gain access to the US Global Entry Programme, easing travel into the US for Singaporeans. US INFLUENCE IN THE REGION Mr Wagar's term has coincided with some remarkable geopolitical shifts but he bristles at the suggestion that US influence in the region is waning, saying there is no evidence to support that thesis. Politically, economically and militarily, America is more deeply engaged in Asia than ever before. It had signed Asean's Treaty of Amity and Cooperation, appointed its first ambassador to Asean and was invested more in the region than any other nation. Ties with Vietnam have been normalised. Neither is America in decline, he insists. "Somebody said America has had a good run but the next Microsoft will come out of China. I do not believe that will be the case. If you walk into Apple today, maybe only half are American passport holders, let alone born in the US. But the other 50 of the best and the brightest are attracted to America because of our institutes of higher learning, our freedom and our fun. We are a long way from being perfect but show me another country that is as attractive." Perhaps it was ordained that Mr Wagar, whose wife is African-American, should have been appointed to Singapore, a multiracial nation of immigrants, much like his own adopted country. While he did not specifically request to be posted here, it was at the top of the list of options the White House put on the table, and the Wagars happily accepted. His education about Singapore began even before he got here, thanks to his friendship with Mr Steven Green, the former boss of Samsonite Corp, who served as US ambassador here between 1997 and 2001 and built up a close relationship with the senior Mr Lee and his son. Mr Wagar says the stint here was like doing an MBA or a doctoral thesis on one of the most important regions of the world, expertise he wants to put to use in the next stage of his career. And he endorses the words of Mr Philip Green, his peer at the Australian High Commission, who completed his tour of duty a few weeks ago. "There are many important cities around the world but my belief is, Singapore is the place where the greatest conversations are taking place right now," he says. The last few weeks have been a period of reflection. It is hard to explain to people at home what it was like to be here for the celebration of Mr Lee Kuan Yew's life, bookended by the celebration of the remarkable journey of President S R Nathan, envoy to Washington during the tense time when Singapore caned American teenage vandal Michael Fay. (Mr Lee died in March 2015; Mr Nathan in August last year). Mr Wagar's first meeting with the senior Mr Lee was the one time he lost his natural jauntiness, making him feel he was going for an "oral examination for a job I was not sure I was qualified for". Already close to 90, Mr Lee was frail in body but, while he often paused for breath, his mind was perfectly alert. "We all have our hour and our season, but the hour I spent with Lee Kuan Yew was one of the most stressful of my professional life. I felt I was being tested a bit, prodded and also directed and taught - about Singapore, the region and America's role in what had been and what could be. I didn't want to embarrass myself, lest the word get out that he thought this guy was a waste of time." Mr Nathan, on the other hand, was exceptionally kind to him and Mrs Wagar. He adds: "To think I am the last US ambassador to have a personal relationship with Mr Lee and Mr Nathan is really humbling." Orderly, focused Singapore, of course, has its way of influencing anyone who has lived here for a while. Take the din about needing more babies, for instance. Two of the Wagar children, Rhys and Avery, were born during his stint here. Mr Wagar's friends are relieved that his shoes are better matched with his suits these days, although he won't concede that his sartorial style was ever loud. "It's just that I don't have boring socks." When he went to make his farewell call on Mr Lee Hsien Loong this month, he wore a suit that raised eyebrows in the PM's private office - for a different reason. "Very conservative today, eh?," remarked a top aide to Mr Lee, smiling at Mr Wagar's sober navy blue jacket and trousers.   Local seafood dishes are 'mind-blowing' As he leaves Singapore, Mr Kirk Wagar is a little cross with his Singaporean friends. After taking him to fancy dining places through most of his time here, it was only in the last months that they felt comfortable treating him to local restaurants such as New Ubin Seafood and Chin Huat Live Seafood. "It blew my mind. This was some of the best food I had eaten and I said, 'Why am I learning about this in my last 30 days here'," he complains, adding he also loves the food centre at East Coast Parkway, even if that is a bit touristy. His wife enjoyed taking their two children to Gardens by the Bay and they were grateful for the air-conditioning inside. The family also loved browsing in Arab Street and Little India, reminders of an earlier era that shaped Singapore's evolution. Mr Wagar and an older son, who frequently visits Singapore from the United States, are often at the water park when he is here. Father and son also go to Pulau Ubin to explore the place on bicycles. One notable friendship he developed during his stint here was with the Imam of the mosque near Botanic Gardens, Masjid Ba'alwi, which he visited about four times a year. "I didn't realise that many friends of mine attended that mosque, including the Pakistan ambassador Nasrullah Khan. It was one of the most enjoyable things I got to do when I was here." 339985 2015-05-25 13:33:13 Photo Gallery Teochew seafood stall Ah Orh calls it a day Source: This article was first published on Jan 15, 2017. Get a copy of The Straits Times or go to straitstimes.com for more stories. Sign up and stand a chance to win a stay at an exclusive Genting Highlands resort for V-Day! Contest details in our newsletter! Name Email Address Sign up I have read and accept the Privacy Policy No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Big savings on 13.3" Xiaomi Notebook Air! Shop Qoo10 now! Emperor Brand concentrated bird nest 1+1 offer! Limited quantity only! Register a new account on Qoo10 & win $1 exclusive deals! Super Auction Q is now on!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-01-16 / Region Tweet Print Fraud Watch Computer fraud part 1 By ELLIOTT GREENBLOTT The IRS sent me an email asking me to verify my identity and data! Oh, no!  Somebody’s trying to access my American Express account from an unknown computer and the company wants me to verify my information by completing the online form. Either of these sound familiar?  As different as they may seem, actually both are the same; criminal attempts to steal money using a computer.  Online con artist approaches range from the promise of wealth and opportunity to threat and intimidation.   In this first of a two-part series, we’ll examine impersonation and phishing.  Part two will address tech support, lottery, job offer, sweetheart, and travel offer fraud.  While the common thread is online fraud, most of these scams can be attempted by phone, in the mail, or even face-to-face. Impersonations and phishing expeditions account for nearly two-thirds of fraud reported to the Vermont Attorney General in 2015.  Impersonations take many forms but most frequently appear as messages from financial institutions or the Internal Revenue Service.  Growing in sophistication, these “phishing expeditions” often use visual deception to extract personal data used to commit financial and identity theft.  The intended victim receives an email containing an alert, request for verification, or even a threat of legal action.  The email displays government or corporate logos and insignias conveying a sense of legitimacy or authority and directs the recipient to “click” on a link to a website.  The website is often a copy of the institution’s legitimate website but links to the criminal’s computer.  Information requested includes name, address, birth date, place of birth, account numbers, passwords, Social Security Numbers, mother’s maiden name, mother’s birthplace, and more. In other words, information establishing and confirming the intended victim’s identity. In most situations, the government and financial institutions do not communicate via email.  Nonetheless, source confirmation is possible.  So, what should you do?  First, confirm the origin of the email.  (Many email client programs allow pre-screening, viewing without opening an email)  Look at the sender’s address to see if it is actually sent by the organization.  If it comes from a government agency the sending address would have the “.gov” designation such as notice@irs.gov.  The US Government, American Express, Apple Computer and Microsoft do not use Hotmail, Yahoo, or Gmail accounts to communicate.  Contact the organization that allegedly sent the email to inquire about any issue or problem but do not use a phone number or email address included in the message; use an email address or phone number you can verify as authentic such as the one on the back of a credit card or printed on legitimate mail you have received in the past.  DO NOT OPEN ANY ATTACHMENTS OR ACTIVATE ANY LINKS.  Opening an attachment or a link can allow for a “Trojan Horse” virus to be installed on your computer which may carry a virus or extract information.  If curiosity or foolhardiness compels you to proceed, examine the URL in the address line of the browser window.  It should display the letters “HTTPS” and the official site location as mentioned concerning the eMail address.   Even so, verify the communication by making verifiable contact with the supposed source. Individual scam attempts frequently have very short lives.  Con artists use specific web addresses for a particular scam and close the address often within a day in order to hinder detection. Also, legitimate businesses and web server managers work to disable fraudulent sites as quickly as they can.  Still, it is important to report attempts.  Contact the Federal Trade Commission at  https://www.ftc.gov  to report cyber crime, the Vermont Attorney General’s Consumer Assistance Program, consumer@uvm.edu or call 800-649-2424, or the New Hampshire Department of Justice, doj.nh.gov/consumer.  For personal information and assistance, call the AARP Fraud Watch Network call center at 877-908-3360. (AARP Fraud Watch Network is looking for fraud watchers of all ages to spread the word. You can volunteer by contacting Vermont AARP, vt@aarp.org, 877-434-7598, or by eMailing me directly, egreenblott@aarp.org) Elliott Greenblott is a retired educator who serves as the Vermont AARP Fraud Watch Network Coordinator. Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Developers beat early adopters to new technology 15:54 January 16, 2017PressReleaseComments Off on Developers beat early adopters to new technology Press Release – Company-X Leading edge know-how was developed in Hamilton ahead of a new programming platforms final release to the world.January 16, 2017 Developers beat early adopters to new technology Leading edge know-how was developed in Hamilton ahead of a new programming platform’s final release to the world. A Waikato software specialist maintained its leading edge when it beat early adopters to new technology nearly six months before the final version was released generally to the world. Analyst developers at software specialist Company-X, based at Wintec House in Hamilton, were working with the Angular 2 web and desktop development platform, originally built by Google, for about half a year before many other developers were using it in major development projects. “At the time we decided to begin using the early, Alpha, version of Angular 2, Google did not even have a release date,” said Company-X analyst developer Justin Taylor. “But we knew it would be fully released to the world in six months or so.” Company-X analyst developers design and build custom software for clients which range from large, multinational, businesses with their head offices overseas, to small, one person, businesses. In the time since the Company-X team began using Angular 2 the software went through many iterations. They became familiar with its alpha release which soon changed to a developer preview of the software. They then used the beta release, release candidate, and are now working with the final version. Any trepidation from the Company-X team around the new Angular 2 technology, a completely reimagined version of the web and desktop development platform that had come before from Google, was quickly dispelled. Justin, and his Company-X colleagues, quickly realised the benefits. Angular 2’s modularity, delivering a lighter and faster core of functionality, makes the platform easier to work on, delivering efficiencies to the client. It’s a far cry from the bad old days, of many years ago, when the norm was what became known as spaghetti code. Spaghetti code is a derogatory term for computer code with complex control structure, conceptually like a twisted and tangled bowl of spaghetti. “We have found that it is more productive because it is less prone to error, and it has got testing and error checking built in,” he said. “It really speeds up development, enabling you to do a lot more in the time and budget allowed.” Desktop development is much easier in Angular 2 when mobile performance issues are handled first. It only works with modern versions of web browsing applications such as Apple Safari, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer, doing away with the need for browser compatibility workarounds. “We are using Angular 2 in the front end, the part of the application directly accessed by the user. For me it’s been the most exciting project that I have been involved in because this is all new and exciting – the latest stuff.” The apps worked on by analyst developers at Company-X, owned by directors David Hallett and Jeremy Hughes, work on either mobile or desktop computing devices. Meaning Company-X developers are writing applications that work on Apple or Google Android mobile devices or desktop computers running Apple’s iOS X operating system or Microsoft’s Windows operating system. David said Company-X was committed to working at the leading edge. “By the time most people have heard of a new technology my Company-X team and I have most likely discovered it, researched it, experienced it, written about it, and replaced it with something new and exciting,” David said. ENDS Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Coastguard urges boaties to look after their safety 2017 Music Managers Awards Work on Christchurch – Picton line gathering pace Case for Regional Trade Deals like TPP Remains Strong HiFX Morning Update – January 25 2017 While you were sleeping: DuPont bolsters Wall St Hellaby execs sell down holdings to Bapcor Blue Sky Meats seeks 30 cents/share lift from Binxi Food industry holds sway over public policy NZ dollar pushes higher on US dollar profit taking TPP survival tactics dominate PM’s first press conference MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares mixed, Comvita and Z gain Govt hikes minimum wage 3.3% to $15.75/hour Minimum wage needs to be two-thirds of the average wage New Zealand’s economy firing on all cylinders, HSBC says Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Recommended NZ | Guide to Money | Gimme: Competitions - Giveaways [ login or create an account ]   Blogs Politics Business National Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Health Tech iPhone|Android|Google|Broadband|Mobile|Open Source|Hot Topics Index Developers beat early adopters to new technology Home › Technology Contributor: Fuseworks Media Monday, 16 January, 2017 - 15:13 Leading edge know-how was developed in Hamilton ahead of a new programming platform’s final release to the world. A Waikato software specialist maintained its leading edge when it beat early adopters to new technology nearly six months before the final version was released generally to the world. Analyst developers at software specialist Company-X, based at Wintec House in Hamilton, were working with the Angular 2 web and desktop development platform, originally built by Google, for about half a year before many other developers were using it in major development projects. "At the time we decided to begin using the early, Alpha, version of Angular 2, Google did not even have a release date," said Company-X analyst developer Justin Taylor. "But we knew it would be fully released to the world in six months or so." Company-X analyst developers design and build custom software for clients which range from large, multinational, businesses with their head offices overseas, to small, one person, businesses. In the time since the Company-X team began using Angular 2 the software went through many iterations. They became familiar with its alpha release which soon changed to a developer preview of the software. They then used the beta release, release candidate, and are now working with the final version. Any trepidation from the Company-X team around the new Angular 2 technology, a completely reimagined version of the web and desktop development platform that had come before from Google, was quickly dispelled. Justin, and his Company-X colleagues, quickly realised the benefits. Angular 2’s modularity, delivering a lighter and faster core of functionality, makes the platform easier to work on, delivering efficiencies to the client. It’s a far cry from the bad old days, of many years ago, when the norm was what became known as spaghetti code. Spaghetti code is a derogatory term for computer code with complex control structure, conceptually like a twisted and tangled bowl of spaghetti. "We have found that it is more productive because it is less prone to error, and it has got testing and error checking built in," he said. "It really speeds up development, enabling you to do a lot more in the time and budget allowed." Desktop development is much easier in Angular 2 when mobile performance issues are handled first. It only works with modern versions of web browsing applications such as Apple Safari, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer, doing away with the need for browser compatibility workarounds. "We are using Angular 2 in the front end, the part of the application directly accessed by the user. For me it’s been the most exciting project that I have been involved in because this is all new and exciting - the latest stuff." The apps worked on by analyst developers at Company-X, owned by directors David Hallett and Jeremy Hughes, work on either mobile or desktop computing devices. Meaning Company-X developers are writing applications that work on Apple or Google Android mobile devices or desktop computers running Apple’s iOS X operating system or Microsoft’s Windows operating system. David said Company-X was committed to working at the leading edge. "By the time most people have heard of a new technology my Company-X team and I have most likely discovered it, researched it, experienced it, written about it, and replaced it with something new and exciting," David said. Tweet All articles and comments on Voxy.co.nz have been submitted by our community of users. Please notify us through our contact form if you believe an item on this site breaches our community guidelines.   Voxy: Your Voice About Voxy and how to Submit News Join Voxy on Twitter, Facebook or Google+ Latest Technology News RSS Parents worry children are more likely to be bullied in the online world Cyber security conference coming to New Zealand Free wifi proving popular and going well OPPO signals upcoming launch In NZ Opito Bay takes out top spot for most connected holiday spot Most Popular Today RSS Wanaka family achieves home ownership with community housing trust Parents worry children are more likely to be bullied in the online world Taking the long way to the Kathmandu Coast to Coast Queenstown-Glenorchy Road blocked at Bob's Cove Time to wave the white flag on TISA secrecy - Kelsey Connect with Voxy        Join Voxy on Google+.   Blogs Politics Business National Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Health Tech   Copyright 2008-2017 Digital Advance Limited About Voxy, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday January 25, 2017 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode Capturing the better way 16 Jan 2017, 12:48 p.m. Any CEO that does not recognise the need for innovation and the new systematic method of “Opportunity Capture” is really failing to embrace one of today’s major business drivers. Why Innovate? Any CEO that does not recognise the need for innovation and the new systematic method of “Opportunity Capture” is really failing to embrace one of today’s major business drivers. Some years ago I was a Group Director of a very large company where we implemented 15% free time in an endeavour to achieve innovation outcomes. It was a complete failure. Why? Because the production people or people whose output was quantitatively measured just never had such freedom of time available. As for the type of job functions where metrics are somewhat less quantitative, the problem is no different. In these days of excessive time demands courtesy of e-mails, mobile phones and the like, busy executives are already working 60 or more hours per week just managing their jobs. Would I now expect them to put their feet up on the desk to think innovatively for an extra 15% to 20% of their day? Of course not, this can never work. Many ideas occur spontaneously - but you shouldn’t rely on serendipity. The real fact is that innovation and “opportunity capture” often occur at the most random of times whilst “on the job” and at the most unexpected times. People just need to know what to look for and how to see things with some simple opportunity capture tools and the mindset that realises that nothing we do or sell today will be the same in even five years’ time. Indeed, no Apple product is even two years old, much less five. Lightbulb moments: Greg Hunt, Minister Industry, Innovation and Science is given a tour of 3D printing company Anatomics by the company's founder Paul D'Urso. Picture: JESSE MARLOW KISS Furthermore, this is simple. It’s not high tech rocket science but as simple as even listening for a curse, understanding the reason for that curse then assessing whether a means to remove that curse represents a realisable opportunity. I have used this approach successfully in many industries and even primary schools. There is always a better way. We just need to inspire people to be always looking for better ways with an open mind, the right tools and most of all to “Keep it Simple”. Roger La Salle, trains people in innovation, marketing and the emerging art of Opportunity Capture,  www.matrixthinking.com The real fact is that innovation and 'opportunity capture' often occurs at the most random of times. People just need to know what to look for. Latest News Ballarat breakfast report | Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Border breakfast wrap | Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Bomb response unit declares Footscray Hospital safe after suspicious item found nearby Man attacked with dogs, set on fire in Wollongong attack, police say Sydney has the second least affordable housing in the world: study Editor's Picks End of year will be a scorcher Monster trucks revved up and ready | video Comboyne helps ex-soldier Get #homesafe this Christmas Popular Leo Sayer: The vines, the wines and all that jazz . . . one last time Bruce Beresford: Some film stars don’t live in the real world Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Fairfax Front Pages | Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Today's Fairfax Front Pages from across the nation. On this day in Ballarat | January 25 Heading into Australia Day, what were we doing from 2002 to 2015? The best of Tamworth Country Music Festival | DAY 5, PHOTOS You don't know country music until you've been here. Thief steals Haddon saddles | Pictures A smash and grab at a Haddon riding club room over the weekend has robbed a new mum ... Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Bendable and foldable phones are coming. Are you ready? CNET Jessica Dolcourt 16/01/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found Schoolboy stabbed to death outside flagship London academy © Provided by CNET Samsung debuted its Youm flexible-display technology at CES' closing keynote today, and the tech is nothing short of eye-popping. The screens, which were shown off here as just a concept, promise to change what kind of form factors are possible for companies that make smartphones and tablets. Read our early report on the display and watch it in action here. She pushed down hard on the rectangular phone and, like a slap bracelet, it cinched around her wrist. The audience gasped; the internet went wild. This articulated wraparound phone -- known as the CPlus -- was a concept device Lenovo used to wow the crowd as part of a larger launch last June that included the modular Moto Z and Phab 2 Pro (the first phone using Google's Tango software for augmented reality). The CPlus may have only been a prototype, but it might as well have been a fireworks show for the imagination it ignited about the future of truly flexible phones that can bend and even fold. As powerful as today's phones are, their rectangular reliability has become a boring necessity that we hardly see at all. And that's why handsets that bend, twist, snap and fold will electrify and energize the industry, even if these newfangled future devices limp and lag at first.  Why would we want a bendable or foldable phone? Flexing, folding handsets are visually and intellectually cool because rigid electronic pieces usually don't bend, at least not without a hinge. But is there an actual use for them beyond pushing the boundaries of what designers and scientists can do? Actually, there are a few. Folding a device gives you a smaller, more portable package to carry around -- it can essentially double the size of your screen. In addition, devices like these "will be able to be produced like newsprint," said Roel Vertegaal, who directs the Human Media Lab at Canada's Queens University and works on prototype models. Producing some phone parts this way could eventually make the phones cheaper to build, he added. Shapely devices that give you more of a shifting 3D work surface (rather than a constantly flat screen) also have the power to change how people carry and even use them, like navigating in new ways while playing a game, or using the way you bend a device to trigger an action, like during gameplay or for creating sound (see video above). Few, far between and potentially flawed Lenovo's pill-bug phone isn't the only one to stretch the boundaries of flexible devices. In fact, twistable phone prototypes are something we were seeing as far back as 2011. Samsung will reportedly release a phone that folds open into a tablet later in 2017, which would take the curved-screen (but static) Edge handsets to the next level, and LG Electronics is rumored to be supplying Apple, Google and Microsoft with flexible phone displays in 2018. Lenovo, too, is working on a tablet prototype that folds down to make a smaller overall package. The company briefly flashed it to journalists at the same time it showed off the wraparound CPlus. But while research on flexible and foldable phones is heating up in corporate and private labs, don't expect to see them everywhere at once. Companies tend to go slowly and cautiously with radical new designs. Take Samsung's first curved-screen phone, for example. The Galaxy Round was essentially a concept phone that never left South Korea, but its design morphed through several iterations to arrive at today's S7 Edge with its two curving sides. Xiaomi's nearly bezel-less Mi Mix is also another concept device whose technology will show up in other handsets down the line. It's likely that the first of these futuristic, flexible phones will: - Cost a lot to make (and be therefore expensive to buy) - Sell in small numbers - Sell in one or two test markets to see how early buyers react There's also wear and tear to consider on phones you repeatedly fold and bend. "[I] don't see why I'd like my phone to bend and in fact, have put it in an OtterBox to protect it from the daily abuse it has to endure," said Chris Schmandt, who directs the Living Mobile Group at MIT's Media Lab. It's possible, too, that a new, more flexible design could affect the kind of hardware you can put into a device, say, a smaller battery than you can stick in a large, flat rectangle. It's also likely that rigid parts, like circuit boards, will have to use a different internal configuration, or be made to slightly bend as well. The drive to get there first So if bendable and flexible phones aren't guaranteed to be a smash hit, why would companies pour cash into R&D for phones that may not go mainstream for years, or even ever? The truth is, we can't always accurately predict which trends will catch on and which will go thud. But there is a certain glory in innovating first, and there's a distinct market advantage for companies that have the most experience if and when flexible and bendable gadgets take off. (Samsung in particular might benefit here if it's first to release its foldable electronics. "Samsung will likely take the 'disruptive' road back to the market," said Wayne Lam, an analyst with IHS Markit, "And hopefully put the Note 7 fiasco behind them.") What excites me most, though, is that this type of innovation helps phone makers everywhere build on past discoveries to propel new ones. It is, after all, only through trial and error that the industry collectively figures out what works and what doesn't. It's the kind of development that will give us the next tech we can't live without, the same way that the passion to miniaturize a desktop computer brought about the smartphone tucked into your pocket right now. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Holiday Gift Guide CNET Snap makes a Spectacle of itself CNET Netflix finally lets you download to binge offline CNET CNET View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion Hannah Montana occupies the mouse that feeds her Rick Robinson Author, Writ of Mandamus 4:39 PM 12/01/2011      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 2953425 Finally, Occupy Wall Street has a voice. After months of irrelevant banter and confusing rhetoric, someone is ready to lead. Different organizations have attempted to gain control of OWS, but now the destiny of the movement is clear. A voice for Occupy Wall Street has stepped up. It’s time is now. Ladies and gentlemen … Miley Cyrus. Yes, Miley Cyrus has offered her support for Occupy Wall Street. This week on her website, the social conscience of a generation released a video “dedicated to the thousands of people who are standing up for what they believe in.” The video posted by Cyrus edits Occupy Wall Street video clips over her song “Liberty Walk” from the CD “Can’t be Tamed” — available at Best Buy (NYSE-BBY) for $9.99. Someone needs to take Miley aside and explain to her that the only reason she is relevant is because she made a shitload of Wall Street dough off the “Hannah Montana” franchise, a fictitious corporate nom de plume created for her by Disney (NYSE-DIS). Without The Mouse’s creation of Hannah Montana — movie available at Target (AMEX-TDTF) for $8.19 — Miley Cyrus would be covering “Achy Breaky Heart” in the lobby of the Hampton Inn (NYSE-HIL) in Ashland, Kentucky. I have no particular animosity towards Miss Cyrus. Last week at her nineteenth birthday party she admitted to being a “stoner.” This was following an earlier video of her smoking “legal” pot from a glass bong. For those of us who went to college in the ’70s — a generation one toke away from being an entire graduating class of Lindsay Lohans — her smoking habit is almost endearing. Miley Cyrus’s support for Occupy Wall Street points out the absurdity of the entire protest. Back in June, M Magazine declared Miley Cyrus to be the richest teen in the world and placed her personal wealth at $120,000,000.00. That’s a lot of zeros for someone who wants to show support for people who hate greed. Don’t blame Miley Cyrus for the hypocrisy of OWS. Just peruse the pictures from the various OWS locations. Participants in the Wall Street bash-a-thon are drinking Starbucks (NASDAQ-SBUX) coffee, talking on their Apple (NASDAQ-AAPL) iPhones and browsing the Internet on their Hewlett Packard (NYSE-HPQ) laptops. The fact of the matter is the Occupiers — just like Miley Cyrus — are addicted to corporate America. The irony of people protesting greed while drinking $5.00 cups of coffee is priceless. The great philosopher, Pogo, once said, “We have met the enemy and he is us.” Of course, after he said that, Pogo was fired and is now living in a tent in Zuccotti Park. The thought that protesters support the very system they despise must send a chill right through their North Face (NYSE-VFC) jackets and Ugg boots (NASDAQ-GS). Somewhere in Seattle, Howard Schultz, the CEO of Starbucks, is looking at a picture of a protester drinking a cup of his coffee and laughing his ass off. Tags: Miley Cyrus, Occupy Wall Street, Rick Robinson Next Page Continued on Page 2 >> 1 2 Hide Comments   Show 1261 comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 Our Children Are Watching (Except When Democrats Misbehave) 2:07 PM 01/24/2017 The Woman Who Set A Trump Supporter’s Hair On Fire Is Still Unidentified 11:03 AM 01/24/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 10 °C Tuesday 24 January, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Davos Oxfam sharing the wealth world economic form See other tags Tags Monday 16 Jan, 2017 http://jrnl.ie/3188533 Eight men hold as much wealth as half the planet combined Some of the world’s richest people are meeting in Davos this week. Jan 16th 2017, 12:01 AM 43,465 Views 66 Comments Share354 Tweet Email4 Image: Shutterstock/Rastislav Sedlak SK EIGHT MEN OWN the same amount of wealth as the combined wealth of the poorest half of the planet. Ahead of the World Economic Forum in Davos this week, research from Oxfam has put the vast global income inequality into focus. The charity also found that, since 2015, the richest 1% has owned more wealth than the rest of the planet. It’s also been estimated that over the next 20 years, 500 people will hand over $2.1 trillion to their heirs – a sum larger than the GDP of India. Other stark comparisons show that a FTSE-100 CEO earns as much in a year as 10,000 people working in garment factories in Bangladesh. Oxfam says that such inequalities “threaten to pull our societies apart” with Oxfam Ireland’s CEO Jim Clarken saying that political consequences are already being felt. “Public anger is already creating political shockwaves across the globe with inequality cited as a significant factor in the election of Donald Trump in the US and Brexit in the UK,” he argues. People are tired of a system which seems rigged against them, where big business and the super-rich use their money and connections to ensure government policy works for them. Corporate tax avoidance Oxfam has also sought to address the causes of inequality and has said that tax avoidance by major corporations is having a major effect on developing economies. The report points to the case of Apple which it says paid a tax rate on its European profits of just 0.005% in 2014. On a national basis, Oxfam pointed to the case of Kenya. The report claims that Kenya, for example,  is losing $1.1 billion every year in tax exemptions for corporations, nearly twice its budget for health. Oxfam Ireland says politicians here must continue to do their part. “The Irish government has made efforts to reform the tax system especially in relation to tax dodging by wealthy individuals. We need to tackle aggressive tax planning by corporations,” Clarken argues. “Ireland needs to continue supporting international tax transparency and should back a proposal to create a global tax body to oversee necessary reform.” Read: One in 40 people living in Dublin is a millionaire, according to a new survey > Read: ‘You’ll never work in this town again’: Mila Kunis reveals producer’s threat after refusing to pose semi-naked > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Rónán Duffy @ronanduffy_ ronan@thejournal.ie See more articles by Rónán Duffy Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/wealth-oxfam-3188533-Jan2017/?embedpost=3188533&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/wealth-oxfam-3188533-Jan2017/?embedpost=3188533&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/wealth-oxfam-3188533-Jan2017/?embedpost=3188533&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Eight men hold as much wealth as half the planet combined”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Eight men hold as much wealth as half the planet combined”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (66 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions America First: 'If President Trump stays “on message,” he may just unite, not further divide, the US' Larry Donnelly In electing Donald Trump, the people of the US have, at least in part, signalled to the world that they want to recalibrate their relationship with it, writes Larry Donnelly. U-47700 death: 'As we pretend that policing drugs deters users, we can expect more harm, more deaths' Dr Garrett McGovern Our drug policy isn’t working and it’s time to embrace a more rational and open approach, writes Dr Garrett McGovern. Debate Room: 'It's only fair that Catholic children are prioritised in Catholic schools' Various Minister for Education, Richard Bruton, plans to legislate on the controversial school admissions system soon. But what about the right of minority faiths to prioritise pupils of their faith? Most Popular Today 1 Backlash after Ryanair mocks Aer Lingus link to illegal immigrants 70,282  106 2 'I intend to say well done to our social media team and give them a raise' - Michael O'Leary 36,987  44 3 Boy seriously injured in crash which took mother's life dies in hospital 36,655  16 1 Noonan says new EU tax rules would deliver a 'significant' hit to Ireland's haul 607  0 2 'There was a culture here that people didn't like paying for stuff. Thankfully, it's mostly gone' 539  0 3 Michael O'Leary blames Dublin Airport for his airline's dwindling Irish passenger numbers 301  0 1 JJ's back! Munster confirm Hanrahan, Farrell and Hart signings 21,277  66 2 Leinster head down the road to Aviva Stadium for Champions Cup quarter with Wasps 16,276  14 3 We'll Leave It There So: Schmidt unveils squad, Kerry legend retires and today's sport 13,324  1 1 Ewan McGregor refused to appear on Good Morning Britain after realising Piers Morgan hosts it 28,897  27 2 This tweet tried to compare Melania Trump to Jackie Kennedy, and failed spectacularly 12,247  13 3 Ruth Negga leads Irish interest in this year's Oscar nominations, while La La Land scores 14 nods 10,593  22 Trending Tags PLANNING Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Broker loses €60k case against Dicey's nightclub after judge said he tried to headbutt bouncer Two Aer Lingus employees and Chinese national in court over alleged illegal immigration operation Man to be sentenced for sexually abusing his eight-year-old nephew DUBLIN Up to 70 people renting in 'dangerous, unhealthy and cramped' Dublin house, court hears Two Aer Lingus staff among three arrested at Dublin Airport over alleged people smuggling 'A serious accident waiting to happen' - cyclists not happy with Luas lines on single lane O'Connell Street DUBLIN AIRPORT 'I intend to say well done to our social media team and give them a raise' - Michael O'Leary People smuggling in Ireland: 'We need to ask, why are they taking this route?' 14 flights between Dublin and London cancelled due to freezing fog COURT Court hears father would leave £50 on his daughter's bedside locker after sexually abusing her Man filmed himself sexually assaulting heavily pregnant girlfriend while she slept Former Anglo Irish Bank director jailed for two-and-a-half years for fraud ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Eight men hold as much wealth as half the planet combined Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture Verizon's network is ancient, says T-Mobile Verizon's network is ancient, says T-Mobile Commentary: In a new, biting ad, T-Mobile suggests Verizon is a bit of an old dog. Tech Culture by Chris Matyszczyk January 15, 2017 4:49 PM PST @ChrisMatyszczyk Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. Enlarge Image Can you teach an old dog new tricks? T-Mobile/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET It's a new year, so you might expect cellphone carriers to wish each other well. You might also expect Carrot Top to be the new secretary-general of the United Nations. No sooner has 2017 seen pharma bro Martin Shkreli have dog poop tossed at him than T-Mobile comes out to lob dirt at Verizon. In a new ad, the self-styled Uncarrier accuses Verizon of being dog-eared. Here we see a dog watching soft dog porn on a phone. Suddenly, his Verizon data runs out. "Why doesn't Verizon offer unlimited data like T-Mobile?" he gruffs. "Is it because their LTE network was built six years ago?" wonders another pooch. Six years, explains a third dog, is like 100 in phone years. T-Mobile explains that Verizon's network is slow as well as old, whereas T-Mobile's is apparently shiny and sharp. This is merely the latest chapter in what is now a years-long saga of carriers insisting they are better than their rivals, by denigrating those rivals as much as their lawyers will let them. Verizon hasn't been immune from this sniping. More Technically Incorrect Twitter-verse grapples with Trump's tweets on civil rights icon On SNL, Trump gets trumped on Russian hacking Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out What, though, does Verizon think about this latest mudslinging? "The word for the day is 'logic," a Verizon spokesman told me. "No matter how you spin it, our six-year lead in providing 4G LTE is a huge advantage to consumers, and strengthening our network with LTE-Advanced in 450 cities pulled Verizon further ahead." He wasn't done: "You remain a discount network by investing in cute ads rather than improving your spotty network." T-Mobile has already begun the year by insisting that having AT&T is like having fleas crawling in your hair. Meanwhile consumers just wander about the world hoping their phones will show the movie, the big game or the music video that they're so desperate to enjoy right this second. I fear they may skip any ads thrust at them. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. Take a look here. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Technically Incorrect Tech Culture Mobile T-Mobile Verizon Related Stories Useless salad-tosser robot joyfully harasses your lettuce Has Sean Spicer's war with Dippin' Dots reached a sweet end? Apple's AirPods dancer shills, oh, for Lexus This guy rode a jet ski up his flooded California street Close   Discuss: Verizon's network is ancient, says T-Mobile Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Oregon’s largest apple grower sold to Washington business SUNDAY, JAN. 15, 2017, 4:44 P.M. Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS MILTON-FREEWATER, Ore. – A family-owned fruit company in Washington has purchased Oregon’s largest grower and packer of fresh apples. Wenatchee-based Foreman Fruit Co. has acquired Earl Brown and Sons of Milton-Freewater, Oregon, the Capital Press reported. The deal allows the Browns to remain and manage local operations involving more than 1,000 acres of apples and 115 acres of wine grapes. Ron Brown, whose father started the company 40 years ago, said the families worked out a partnership that allows his business to keep its name and its employees. It gives the Browns access to more money for continued growth; the company is already planting another 60 acres of apples and 10 more acres of grapes. “Nobody lost their jobs. We’re moving along just like we did before,” Brown said. Financial terms of the sale were not disclosed. Earl Brown and Sons has also spun off several other businesses, including Blue Mountain Cider and Watermill Winery in Milton-Freewater, though Blue Mountain Cider was not included as part of the sale. Earl Brown and Sons employs about 160 people. Foreman Fruit Co. was founded in the early 1980s by Dale Foreman, a Wenatchee attorney and former chairman of the Washington Apple Commission. The business started out primarily growing pears before branching into apples, cherries and grapes. Alan Groff, president and CEO of Foreman Fruit Co., said they first heard Earl Brown and Sons was up for sale in April 2016. Though Wenatchee is 200 miles away from Milton-Freewater, Groff said they drove down for a meeting, and the two families immediately hit it off. “They’ve created a number of businesses, and a number of very excellent orchards and vineyards,” Groff said. “There’s a nice intersection of our capabilities.” Earl Brown & Sons is Foreman’s first Oregon acquisition. “We share a common set of values and purpose in business,” he said. Published: Jan. 15, 2017, 4:44 p.m.  Tags: Apple, business, Earl Brown and Sons, Foreman Fruit, Milton-Freewater, oregon, sale, wenatchee Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Blogs Baby Blog Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her 2-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering alone around indoor playground Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip, rub whipped cream on each other and ‘other things’ in a Detroit hotel Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is detrimental to your mind and it's time to resign FAST  How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes every morning  Previous Next 'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Instagram fitspo star Kayla Itsines has appeared in Vogue Australia She said that being a good person is more important than Instagram followers The 25-year-old revealed she doesn't drink, do drugs, or go out partying Ms Itsines and partner Tobias Pierce made the 2016 Young Rich List By Lauren Ingram For Daily Mail Australia Published: 19:27 EST, 15 January 2017 | Updated: 18:39 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 13 shares 29 View comments She's one of the most famous 'fitspo' girls in the world, and now the Australian personal trainer, Kayla Itsines, has opened up about the benefits of her clean-living lifestyle in an interview with Vogue. The 25-year-old has more than six million fans on Instagram and a number of celebrity followers thanks to her Bikini Body Guide exercise and nutrition plan.  She was one of the first fitness stars to harness the power of social media, and it has paid off, with Ms Itsines and her partner Tobias Pierce making it on to the BRW Young Rich List in 2016. Work it: Kayla Itsines (pictured) has appeared in Australian Vogue, talking about her success Smiling in the sun: Ms Itsines is known for her exercise and nutrition plan the Bikini Body Guide, and more recently her Sweat with Kayla app RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Everyday I'm sparkling! Meet the women travelling around the... 'It's empowering to see women go toe to toe with a man':... I'll 'avo bit of that: Introducing the new restaurant that... Potato chips, salted caramel and edible GLITTER: Five new... Share this article Share 13 shares But despite this, the young woman from Adelaide told Vogue that she doesn't lead an extravagant lifestyle. 'I don’t drink alcohol, I don’t take drugs or go out. It is not like I do that for show; I guess that is my lifestyle,' the personal trainer said.  Her down-to-earth approach translates to her presence online, where the 25-year-old posts more than just selfies in the gym. 'Worth $26 million': The 25-year-old appears in the February issue of Vogue Australia (pictured) Sweat with Kayla: She told the magazine that that she cares more about being a good person than the number of Instagram followers she has 'I share everything: when I’m not working out, when I’m eating dessert, when I have my period, and as a community we share,' she explained. 'I want to be able to share my experiences with them. I have literally nothing to hide.' Ms Itsines' approach has attracted a number of brands, with the 25-year-old working with everyone from Adidas to Apple, but she said being a 'good person' mattered more to her than followers.  'Some people are like: "If I lose my Instagram and Facebook followers, who am I?"' Ms Itsines said. 'You need to be humble and treat everybody with respect. 'I want people to think: "She was a good person" rather than: "She had a lot of followers."' 'I share everything': Ms Itsines says that she is real online, sharing photos of when she's eating dessert or relaxing, not just working out Bronzed brunette: The personal trainer does, however, share a lot of photos of her activewear and gym workouts 'I don't drink, I don't take drugs': The 25-year-old doesn't go out partying, unlike many other women her age Community: Ms Itsines says that the most important thing to her is the community she has created Ultimately she said that the thing that matters the most to her is the women who have become part of the Kayla 'community' - which offers a supportive environment. This community of women has catapulted the personal trainer to stardom, with Ms Itsines being named one of Time's 30 most influential people on the internet, beating out Beyonce. What's next? Only time will tell. Read more: Vogue - The only source for fashion, style and beauty - Vogue Australia Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (28) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read 'I can't imagine what you've been through': Caring Kate puts a comforting arm around a father whose son, five, died from a brain tumour as she visits a children's hospice How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes every morning  Can YOU spot the rooster among the hens? Chinese New Year-themed brainteaser sweeping the web will test your powers of perception  Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Lifestyle guru and founder of Get The Gloss, Susannah Taylor reveals her favourite healthy breakfasts for 2017  Obese woman who told her boyfriend NOT to propose because she was too heavy will walk down the aisle after shedding nine stone and being named Miss Slinky 2017  MORE HEADLINES It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Her cynical manipulation of JFK's legacy. Rumoured affairs with his BROTHERS - and comic Peter Cook. As a blockbuster brings her back to life, truth about the sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! 'I can't imagine what you've been through': Caring Kate puts a comforting arm around a father whose son, five, died from a brain tumour as she visits a children's hospice Man takes revenge on his cheating wife by fooling her into thinking he has deliberately lost the family cat in a bizarre - and VERY hostile - text exchange  Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Octa-core iberry Auxus Note 5.5 launched for Rs 13,999 By tech2 News Staff 62   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 16   Comments GoDaddy aims to get small businesses online with new marketing campaign for India By tech2 News Staff 12   Comments Low Pixel sales are yet another indicator of Google’s continuing struggle with hardware products By Nimish Sawant 8   Comments Huawei Honor 6X smartphone to be exclusively sold on Amazon India 1   Comments more from #Nokia Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement MWC 2017: The Snapdragon 835-powered Nokia P1 tipped as this year's Nokia flagship Foldable phones are coming, but I don't think we really need them Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Qualcomm rubbishes rumours that it leaked the Snapdragon 835-powered Nokia 8 at CES 2017 #Nokia Image: Reuters 0 By tech2 News Staff /  16 Jan 2017 , 09:47 A YouTube channel had recently published videos claiming to have had a hands-on experience with the Nokia 8 at CES 2017 this year. Qualcomm has now issued a statement insisting that the video was a fake. The video, uploaded by a YouTube channel called Total Tech, showed off a blue phone with a pretty massive camera bunk on the back. Another video that the channel published shows off two phones on a vibrating rig, demoing the capabilities of the in-built image stabilisation on the cameras. Total Tech claims that a Qualcomm staff member at CES told them that the devices were reference hardware manufactured by Nokia and Qualcomm to showcase the EIS 3.0, which will be introduced in the Snapdragon 835 chipset. Given that this information was gleaned from a Qualcomm booth, it’s understandable that Qualcomm is the one issuing a statement. In the statement sent to NokiaMob, Qualcomm says, “We do not disclose details of our reference design. We’ve seen a few stories rumouring what we demonstrated in our CES booth to be a Nokia device, those reports are not accurate, our 835 demos were on our own reference design devices which we use to demo our Snapdragon SoC’s every year.” Just because the phone is a reference design doesn’t necessarily mean that we’re looking at the final product. However, if the device in question was indeed made by Nokia, we’ve at least seen a hint of what is to come at Nokia’s event at MWC event next month. Unlike the recently released Nokia 6, the Nokia 8 is expected to be a flagship device that will compete neck-and-neck with the likes of Samsung and Apple. The phone is expected to feature a Snapdragon 835 SoC, 6GB of RAM and 24MP rear camera. If the popularity of the Nokia 6 is anything to go by, the Nokia 8 is sure to be a winner at MWC. Tags: CES, CES 2017, MWC 2017, Nokia, Nokia 8, Nokia 8 features, Nokia 8 price, Nokia 8 specifications, Qualcomm Also read Nokia 8 leak: This looks like Nokia’s 2017 flagship device Pre-orders for the Nokia 6 cross the 250,000 mark on Chinese retail site JD.com X Recommended For You Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement MWC 2017: The Snapdragon 835-powered Nokia P1 tipped as this year’s Nokia flagship Foldable phones are coming, but I don’t think we really need them Nokia granted patent for folding smartphone design, but don’t expect a foldable smartphone soon Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Xiaomi Jan 24, 2017 This is Xiang Wang, the man who will replace Hugo Barra as CEO of Xiaomi #Nasa Jan 24, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini captures Saturn’s moon Daphnis creating ripples in the ring system #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #IIT Bombay Jan 24, 2017 IIT Bombay students develop autonomous submersible with potential military applications #Android Jan 24, 2017 Android instant apps are here for Buzzfeed, Periscope, Wish and Viki #Samsung Jan 24, 2017 Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
