Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 12 April 2017 | MYT 11:43 AM Don’t be so sure about an Apple iPhone ‘super cycle’: opinion by shira ovide There are some signs that shoppers in China – Apple’s second-largest market – are eager for new iPhones. — Reuters This year will be a test of Americans' appetite for even more costly smartphones. That makes it tough to be confident in predictions of a smartphone rebound.   The US starting price for high-end smartphones such as Samsung's Galaxy line and Apple's iPhones had settled around US$650 (RM2,880). Not anymore.  Samsung on March 29 released the latest lineup of its Galaxy smartphones, which start at US$750 (RM3,299 in Malaysia) – about US$100 (RM443) more than comparable models in prior years. Apple, too, has subtly dialled up iPhone prices by introducing features to push people toward higher-cost models.  The average revenue Apple generates from each iPhone reached a record of US$695 (RM3,080) in the December quarter. The 2017 iPhone lineup is expected to add a new model at perhaps US$1,000 (RM4,433) or more.   Smartphone sticker price inflation has implications beyond household budgets. Higher prices, combined with Americans' changing smartphone-buying behaviour, make it difficult to predict phone sales by relying on patterns from even two or three years ago. The smartphone market has unmistakably changed – with the biggest implications for Apple Inc.   After the first iPhone sales decline in history, Apple's stock price has recovered from 2016 lows, mostly on expectations of a sales “super cycle” spurred by the next versions of the device.   Naturally, Apple has not discussed its plans, but reports have said Apple might shift from two to three iPhone models in 2017. Two will be refreshed versions of the iPhone 7 and the larger-screen iPhone 7 Plus. A new model may have a more vibrant type of screen with extra real estate thanks to skinnier frames around the phone's edges. Analysts have forecast this new iPhone may cost roughly US$1,000 (RM4,433).   Wall Street in recent months has grown increasingly confident that a significantly overhauled 2017 iPhone will significantly jolt sales, just as the 2014 introduction of the first larger-screen iPhone did. Sales of iPhones jumped 37% in Apple's 2015 fiscal year, the first full year with the iPhone 6. It's been downhill for iPhone sales ever since. (Samsung's smartphone sales also fell last year.)  But analysts are expecting the tide to turn. On average, analysts who follow Apple expect the company to sell 239 million iPhones in its fiscal year ending in September 2018, or 13% more than the 212 million iPhones sold in fiscal 2016. Some analysts have recently become much more bullish, based in part on expectations that people would start buying new or replacement iPhones at a rate closer to 2014 patterns than to 2016 ones.  Here's a big wrinkle, however. In the US, smartphone buying has changed completely since 2014. People are now paying full freight for their phones – either US$650 (RM2,880) or more up front or in monthly instalments.  Back then, US phone carriers subsidised smartphone prices so many people were lulled into believing a high-end smartphone like the iPhone cost just US$200 (RM886). Those phone subsidies are essentially gone in the US.   Whether it's because phones don't “cost” US$200 (RM886) anymore, or because the improvements in phone models are more subtle than wow, Americans aren't buying new smartphones as often. The average length of time between people replacing their smartphones was about 31 months in 2016, up from nearly 25 months in 2014, according to telecom industry consultant Chetan Sharma. If sticker prices for smartphones go up, that may give people one more reason to hold onto their old iPhones for a little longer.  Predictions of a “super cycle” could still pan out even if Americans don’t revert back to 2014 buying patterns. The number of iPhone owners is 79% higher than it was in 2014, according to Bernstein Research estimates, which makes a sales lift more likely even if a relatively small percentage of iPhone owners buy a new, pricier model. There are some signs that shoppers in China – Apple’s second-largest market – are eager for new iPhones.  But Apple has misjudged iPhone buying behaviour before, and it could again. The combination of rising smartphone prices and longer stretches between upgrades means Apple will have a hard time turning the calendar back to 2014. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Don’t be so sure about an Apple iPhone ‘super cycle’: opinion Toshiba files earnings without auditor endorsement, delisting risk rises Activity trackers not always great for monitoring exercise heart rate Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil IGP: Missing activist Peter Chong spotted in Thailand US-based Osprey Packs confirms severed ties with Terry Yee over dog attack Others Also Read Umpires can eject players, tethered bails approved Abundant opportunities await in oil palm sector Judge: British baby can be allowed to die against parents' wishes advertisement Latest News Lack of clarity on Toshiba earnings audit is a problem: Japan finance minister SWIFT to introduce tool to spot fraudulent inter-bank messages Yahoo accused of mismanaging funds meant for Chinese dissidents Canada judge denies bail for man US wants over Yahoo hack Facebook's EU regulator says close to deal on sharing of WhatsApp data Most Viewed in Tech Internet trolls United Airlines with creative memes in response to forceful flier removal Swift to start suspicious-payment alerts to help defend banks Two new price-crunching handsets from Honor, including top-end Honor 8 Pro Apple-Qualcomm billions put at risk as phone alliance frays Facebook's EU regulator says close to deal on sharing of WhatsApp data Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Amazon said to mull Whole Foods bid before Jana stepped in SWIFT to introduce tool to spot fraudulent inter-bank messages Uber offers free rides on Turkish referendum day TripAdvisor users vote Emirates the world's best airline 2017 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers iMac 2017 Updates: Configuration, Storage, VR & More; Here’s What We Know So Far By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 12, 2017 12:26 PM PHOTOGRAPH: Kiko Antonio | Last week, an Apple executive did a roundtable meeting with a number of tech journalists to discuss about its products. Apart from admitting the fact that the company dropped the ball on the Mac Pro, the group went on an said that the company still has great plans for the Mac. In fact, it seems like Apple will be starting with the supposed great plan this year with the release of the iMac 2017. Many Mac fans were a bit distraught last year when Apple failed to release an update to the famous all-in-one computer. At the time, Microsoft just released the Surface Studio and everyone was amazed at the capabilities of the desktop computer, albeit still limited. Somehow, Apple aficionados imagined that the company will be releasing something akin to the Surface Studio. The reality is, it would be very much far from it. iMac 2017 design Anyone expecting to see something excitingly different from the iMac 2017 design should just go ahead and stop right now. Since the release of the tapered-edge iMac back in 2012, nothing much has changed in terms of aesthetics. Sure, Apple managed to redesign the Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse and made them rechargeable but apart from that, it is still the same design. 2015 iMac Retina (via apple.com) Not that there is nothing good about it, but the only possible design change for now is the removal of the thick bezel at the bottom part of the display. Apart from that, Apple might also reduce the size of the bezels; something akin to the rumored micro-bezeled iPad Pro 2. Since Apple is not a big fan of touch or pen-enabled displays on desktops nor laptops, there is a high chance that the current display stand will not change at all. There is absolutely no reason for Apple to redesign the aluminum stand if it will not feature pen support on the display. One obscure possibility is for Apple to introduce a new color for the iMac 2017. Perhaps  a Space Gray variant will get everyone to notice the desktop once again and make it seem more interesting. Performance and hardware configuration According to the Daring Fireball article, Apple is currently working on the iMac 2017 right now. Furthermore, the company has envisioned the new desktop to cater for mostly pro users as a response to its demographics. Unfortunately, nothing much was given in terms of how much of an improvement will be given to the iMac 2017. A recent blog post from Pike’s Universum claims that the iMac 2017 will finally have a server-grade processor. In fact, the post went on and said the Apple is considering the Intel Xeon E5 1200 V6 family of processors. While this may sound very exciting, it should be noted that not all server-grade processors are better than a consumer-grade processor. In some cases, a quad-core overclocked desktop processor can go head-to-head or even perform better than a server processor. Of course, this will depend on what kind of application one is running on a system. iMac vs Surface Studio (via actualapple.com) Let us say, for the sake of argument, that the the server-grade processor on an iMac 2017 is for the best, it also means that the desktop will finally support ECC-type RAM modules. ECC-type RAMs are far superior than regular desktop RAMs due to in-built error correction protocol. Apart from switching to ECC-type RAM, the iMac 2017 is also said to have a minimum of 16GB of RAM. New NVMe storage Another major selling point for any Mac is the storage. Instead of using common off-the-shelf solid-state drives of SSDs, Apple uses a proprietary NVMe storage. In comparison to a standard SSD, NVMes, especially the ones from Apple, are extremely fast. Apple has invested a lot of time and effort in developing its own storage for the Mac. That being said, the iMac 2017 would feature the latest NVMe storage from Apple. And rumour has it that the biggest storage configuration has been pushed to 2TB. New graphics and VR support As for graphics, since virtual reality or VR is becoming bigger and bigger every year, Apple will also take a slice of that cake. According to the same blog post mentioned earlier, the iMac 2017 will finally support VR with the use of AMD Radeon GPUs. Now, since this is Apple we are talking about, there is actually no point at all to dream really big in terms of graphics. This is mainly because Apple is quite strict in keeping its power target in check. There is absolutely no point in hoping for a Vega 10 GPU on the iMac 2017. The best Apple could probably do is an AMD Radeon R9 395X which has a TDP similar to the M version of the same GPU line. An AMD Radeon RX 480 will be totally out of the question since in TDP alone, the graphics cards runs at 150W. On a good note, the graphics card mentioned earlier is capable of VR gaming as well as gaming on high settings. iMac 2017 accessories Although not entirely what one can call news, but it is possible that the iMac 2017 could feature a revamped Magic Keyboard. The said piece of hardware is rumoured to be almost the same as the current MacBook Pro. It will also have support for Touch Bar and Touch ID. Since the Touch Bar and Touch ID were first introduced on the MacBook Pro, many Mac fans started to fantasize the Magic Keyboard having the same functionality. Rendered images of the keyboard even surfaced on the Internet mere weeks after the MacBook Pro came out. Touch Bar Magic Keyboard render by Bas van der Ploeg (via twitter.com) The one thing that made it more of a possibility is the fact that Apple was already granted a patent for the Touch Bar and Touch ID features on the Magic Keyboard. So, it could be that Apple will turn the patent into reality much sooner than expected. Or course, the iMac 2017 will not be complete without new ports. While Apple is already pushing for the USB Type-C interface, it is still possible that the desktop will retain at least a few older USB interfaces. However, the current Thunderbolt 2 will eventually be replaced by Thunderbolt 3. Target release date and price As for the release date, since Apple already said that the iMac 2017 will be released later this year, there is a high likelihood that it will be between September and October. Apple could choose to go all out and launch the new iMac on the same event that it announces the new iPhones. Or it could make a meal out of it and have a separate one weeks after the iPhone launch, which is probably around October. In terms of price, consumers can expect the iMac 2017 to be a bit pricier, especially the top-tier models. A server-grade processor does not come cheap especially if it is coming from Apple. For the entry level, there is a fair chance that it may still start from $1,500 and work its way up for the high-end versions. For more updates on the iMac 2017, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Mac Pro 2018 Update: What to Expect on the High-End Mac Workstation iMac 2017 Updates: Configuration, Storage, VR & More; Here’s What We Know So Far April 12th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Apple iMac 2017, release date, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mac Pro 2018 Update: What to Expect on the High-End Mac Workstation Nokia 9 Rumored For Q3 2017 Release; Priced Cheaper Than Most Premium Phones New Galaxy Note 8 Claims Bigger Display; Embedded Fingerprint Scanner Also Rumored About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Update 1.1.2 Fixes Arrow Farming Exploit Deus Ex Voice Actor Possibly Teases Wolverine Role For The Avengers Project Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi Characters Are Pre-Order Bonus Heroes In Star Wars Battlefront 2 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Zelda Breath Of The Wild Update 1.1.2 Fixes Arrow Farming Exploit Nintendo has released Zelda: Breath of the Wild update 1.1.2 for the Switch and... Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi Characters Are Pre-Order Bonus Heroes In Star Wars Battlefront 2 Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi will be coming out in December, but we... Injustice 2 Next Character Reveal On April 28 Could Be The Joker Injustice 2 is having another character reveal soon and it seems like we will... Overwatch Update 2.09: Patch Highlights Aside From Insurrection PvE Blizzard recently launched a huge update for Overwatch and it adds a great deal... Overwatch Insurrection Guide: How To Defeat All Omnic Types Blizzard has finally unveiled the latest event in Overwatch and it’s an amazing new... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Overwatch Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Business Apple Reported To Be Working On In-House Battery Management For Future iDevices By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 12, 2017 12:57 PM To stay ahead, one must always strive for greatness. This is not exactly a new mantra for Apple, but it seems like the company is doing just that. In an effort to be self-sufficient, Apple is putting much effort into securing its own intellectual properties. A few days ago, it was reported that the Cupertino company has already decided to stop paying royalties to its GPU architecture provider for its ARM SoCs. This sparked a rumor that Apple will be designing its own GPU after a few years. Now, a new rumor seems to suggest that the company is also planning on looking at power management chips for its line of mobile devices. According to Reuters, Apple has been poaching engineers from Dialog, its power management chip provider, for the iPhone and iPad. To date, Apple has already hired around 80 engineers for its PMIC research labs in California and Munich. iPhone battery (via ifixit.com) Although it may seem a bit mundane, a power management IC or PMIC is a very important part of a mobile device. It controls and monitors the battery operation and how it is being charged. Also, a PMIC helps in prolonging the life of the battery cells by optimizing the voltage and charging currents that are supplied to it. At the moment, the number of employees that Dialog has still far outnumber Apple’s engineers. In addition to this, Apple’s supplier still holds much of the intellectual property rights on the power components used on its devices. It will take a few more years before Apple could stand on its own in terms of new designs. This is basically the same story as the GPU architecture for its ARM processor. Just like the PMIC systems on the iPhone and iPad, the IPs of these technologies are not owned by Apple. Nevertheless, the company is confident that it will be able to circumvent all the IPs in the next couple of years. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Nokia 9 Rumored For Q3 2017 Release; Priced Cheaper Than Most Premium Phones Apple Reported To Be Working On In-House Battery Management For Future iDevices April 12th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Apple, Dialog, iphone battery Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mac Pro 2018 Concept, Rumors: What To Expect From The Revamped Model iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Update: TaiG, Pangu Secretly Working on Tool For Surprise Release? Here’s What We Know So Far Apple Rumors: iPod Touch 2017, 7th Generation Gadget Could Have iPhone Upgrades About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Update 1.1.2 Fixes Arrow Farming Exploit Deus Ex Voice Actor Possibly Teases Wolverine Role For The Avengers Project Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi Characters Are Pre-Order Bonus Heroes In Star Wars Battlefront 2 Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Zelda Breath Of The Wild Update 1.1.2 Fixes Arrow Farming Exploit Nintendo has released Zelda: Breath of the Wild update 1.1.2 for the Switch and... Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi Characters Are Pre-Order Bonus Heroes In Star Wars Battlefront 2 Star Wars 8 The Last Jedi will be coming out in December, but we... Injustice 2 Next Character Reveal On April 28 Could Be The Joker Injustice 2 is having another character reveal soon and it seems like we will... Overwatch Update 2.09: Patch Highlights Aside From Insurrection PvE Blizzard recently launched a huge update for Overwatch and it adds a great deal... Overwatch Insurrection Guide: How To Defeat All Omnic Types Blizzard has finally unveiled the latest event in Overwatch and it’s an amazing new... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Overwatch Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] What’s New in iOS 10.3 & iOS 10.3.1 Josh Smith04/04/2017 This is what’s new in iOS 10.3 for the iPhone and iPad and what’s new in iOS 10.3.1. There are loads of new iOS 10.3 features that you can use to add more to your iPhone and iPad. There are no new iOS 10.3 emojis, but there are exciting iOS 10.3 features and important security upgrades. This is not just a holdover for iOS 11, it’s an update that brings features you will use to your iPhone. The iOS 10.3 update will arrive as a free over the air update for the iPhone and iPad. This is also available in iTunes if you prefer to plug in. The iOS 10.3 update is available for any iPhone or iPad running iOS 9 or iOS 10, but some features may only come to newer phones or tablets. Apple released iOS 10.3 in late March as a free upgrade to users alongside new versions of watchOS, tvOS and macOS. In early April Apple released iOS 10.3.1 and is currently testing an iOS 10.3.2 beta. Apple makes a major change behind the scenes in iOS 10.3, adding Apple File System to the iPhone and iPad. This is not a change you will see, but it could speed up your iPhone and iPad if you have an older device. Learn what’s new in iOS 10.3 for iPhone and iPad. After adding the new TV app in iOS 10.2, Apple continues to add to the entertainment with a new feature that allows you to rent a movie on one device and then continue watching it on another iOS device or on your computer. Here’s a look at what’s new in iOS 10.3; Apple ID Settings Profile iTunes Rentals Across All Your Devices Apple Clips Apple File System Find My AirPods iCloud Storage Breakdown New Apple CarPlay Features New Siri Features Exciting iOS 10.3 Features Security Upgrades Apple also delivers security upgrades in iOS 10.3, which will help keep your device secure. This is especially important, as Apple strives to fix iPhone exploits to stop organizations and individuals from hacking your iPhone or iPad before the processes and details are made public. In addition to iOS 10.3, Apple is also working on watchOS 3.2 with movie theater mode, tvOS 10.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4. You will need to upgrade all of your devices to get every feature listed here. Apple ID Settings Profile   1 / 10  When you need to change your Apple ID settings and make changes on your iPhone it is now easier with a central location for your iCloud account in settings.  Tap on your name and photo at the top of the iPhone Settings and you can quickly change all the important settings related to your iCloud account and Apple ID. You'll find your name, phone numbers and email as well as options to setup your passwords and security. You can even change Payment and Shipping information for when you use the Apple Store app. Other options include iCloud, iTunes, and even fast access to Family Sharing settings.  Further down on this screen, you can see your device and access information about them. This includes a shortcut to Find My iPhone, if Find My iPhone is on, the last known Cloud backup, phone number, serial number, IMEI, and Apple Pay card.  This is a very handy way to access all the important iPhone and iPad settings that link up to iCloud, Apple Pay and other services that Apple provides.    1 / 10 2 Responses 04/08/2017 Jj Reply Why didn’t the fix the problem with iPad Pro where the Bluetooth needs to be shut off to get full speed from wifi? 04/11/2017 Pat Reply Great article, very inclusive and informative. Time to give it go on the first of my 5 devices. Sounds like a good one, time will tell. Thanks! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Wednesday April 12 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Dialog ‘at risk of losing Apple contract’ Alex Ralph April 12 2017, 12:01am, The Times Dialog Semiconductor, which designs and makes battery-saving chips for Apple, could lose lucrative contracts with the internet giantMichaela Rehle/Reuters Fears that Apple could be poised to ditch another British-based supplier gripped the market again yesterday after a German private bank suggested that the Silicon Valley giant could be developing its own technology. Analysts at Bankhaus Lampe raised the prospect that Dialog Semiconductor, which designs and makes battery-saving chips for Apple, could lose lucrative contracts as it believed Apple was setting up power management design centres in Munich and California. “We hear from the industry that about 80 engineers at Apple are already working on power management integrated circuits (PMIC) with specific plans to employ it in the iPhone by as early as 2019,” the bank said. The warning came a week after Imagination Technologies, the Hertfordshire-based chip designer, shocked investors and employees by revealing… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 12/04/2017 13:04:02 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 09:00 | 12/04/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter BUSINESS IN BRIEF 12/4 HCMC backs household business upgrades to firms Authorities of HCMC will streamline procedures for household businesses to upgrade themselves to companies as part of a broader plan to have 500,000 enterprises registered citywide in 2020. The city will cover all fees for enterprise registration and conditional business licenses, help household businesses with tax code registration procedures, provide advice on trademark registration, create favorable conditions for enterprises to borrow from banks at low interest rates and support their sales on the domestic market. The city encourages household businesses with annual revenue of more than VND5 billion and more than 10 staff to be registered as enterprises. The effort began at three wholesale markets in the city from March. VCCI plans to add environment as PCI criterion The Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) is mulling adding the environment as a new criterion for the Provincial Competitiveness Index (PCI) 2017. It is important to improve the PCI criteria, Dau Anh Tuan, head of the legal department at VCCI, told the Daily on the sidelines of a seminar held in Vinh Long City on Wednesday on the PCI rankings of the Mekong Delta provinces last year and lessons learned. Tuan, who is also director of the provincial competitiveness improvement project, underscored the importance of retaining what constitutes the PCI and at the same time reflecting the fast-changing provincial business environment. Therefore, VCCI  reviews the PCI criteria in a period of 4-5 years, and 2017 is the time. VCCI has sought comment from experts on each of the PCI criteria. VCCI is processing their suggestions for the PCI concerning safety, security and asset protection for investors, solutions to corporate disputes, environmental pollution and sustainable development. Presenting the 2016 PCI in the Mekong Delta, Tuan said the average index score of the region increased in terms of regional comparison but the change was insignificant. A number of Mekong Delta provinces were still at the bottom of the PCI rankings. However, Tuan pointed out six positive indicators in the delta. The region led the country in terms of access to land while having better administrative procedures, a fairer business environment for the private sector, and an active governance mechanism and ensuring a safer legal environment for business operations than other parts of the nation. Local firms paid fewer informal fees than their peers in other parts.  Tuan however said the quality of labor training was the lowest in the country last year and employers had to struggle with staff recruitments.  Tuan said 81% of businesses active in the delta said they were grappling with more difficulties than their counterparts elsewhere in the country when it came to finding managing directors and managers in the delta. Tuan urged the Mekong Delta to improve the provision of information for businesses as transparency in this field in the region was not highly appreciated. The smaller firms are, the harder they can look for the information they need. Tuan called for the provinces in the delta to further streamline administrative procedures and step up dialogues with firms as businesses participating in the PCI survey showed they were pleased with the governments willing to talk with them.   Tuan noted the Mekong Delta provinces should pay more attention to the problems local enterprises are coping with and offer them timely support. The PCI 2016 survey indicated 62% of businesses in the region said they had difficulty searching for customers while 43% found it hard to gain access to loans. Vo Hung Dung, director of VCCI in Can Tho City, shared Tuan's view, saying that outstanding loans in the Mekong Delta accounted for a mere 9% of the country’s total. Dung said investment in infrastructure in the delta remains low. He gave an example that the My Thuan Bridge was opened to traffic in 2000 and it took 10 years for the delta to have a second major bridge - Can Tho. New animal feed mills unlikely The Department of Livestock Production has proposed the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (MARD) stop approving new animal feed factory projects in the country. The department argued the domestic livestock industry is struggling with an oversupply which has sent prices of livestock, especially pigs, dipping. At a press conference in Hanoi early this week, the ministry said meat imports had declined sharply. In the first two months of the year, the nation imported nearly 1,700 tons of pork, down 25% over the same period last year, and 15,000 tons of chicken, down 30% year-on-year. “Meat imports have steadily edged down in the past three years. This is a clear indication that the country's livestock sector is able to meet the domestic demand,” said Hoang Thanh Van, director of the Department of Livestock Production under MARD. But prices of meats, especially pork, have dropped since last year, delivering a blow to many livestock farming households. This is partly because pig exports to China via border trade have plunged. A Vietnamese delegation headed by Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development Tran Thanh Nam has met the Chinese side to discuss ways to export Vietnamese farm produce to the neighboring country, especially pork and milk, said Tong Xuan Chinh, deputy director of the Department of Livestock Production. Forum looks into fourth industrial revolution’s impacts on Vietnam The Ministry of Industry and Trade held a forum in Hanoi on April 11 to evaluate the impacts of the fourth industrial revolution (4IR) on Vietnam’s socio-economic affairs as well as organizations and businesses. Deputy Minister Ho Thi Kim Thoa said the 4IR is forecast to change the entire system of production and administration around the globe. The 4IR is at the starting period, so it is necessary for Vietnam to promptly grab the opportunity to speed up industrialisation and modernisation towards the goal of becoming a modern industrialised country, she added. However, the country will be under great pressure if it fails to define clear targets and suitable approach via economic reshuffle, education reform, and science-technology development, she noted. Head of Vietnam Institute of Economics Tran Dinh Thien said the 4IR is creating challenges relevant to adjustment costs in the short and medium run due to its uneven impacts on separate sectors. The rapid growth of many businesses would generate new technologies but also eliminate those who cannot catch up with the trend, he added. So far Vietnam has geo-economic advantages along with an abundant and young workforce, but the 4IR will eliminate those advantages, he said, noting that the country needs a different and feasible approach to optimise opportunities from the 4IR. Apart from improving education-training, human resources, and infrastructure, Vietnam should stimulate and promote innovation among businesses, he recommended. Country Director of the UN Development Programme (UNDP) in Vietnam Louise Chamberlain said the 4IR is one of the most useful and quickest ways to help Vietnamese enterprises increase productivity and competitiveness. The UN in Vietnam is willing to cooperate with the country to seize opportunities from the 4IR. Vietnam, Cambodia strive for 5 billion USD in trade turnover Vietnam and Cambodia have recorded encouraging outcomes in bilateral trade since diplomatic ties were set up five decades ago, and they are on the way to turnover of five billion USD in the near future. Vietnam is the third biggest trade partner and the fifth largest foreign investor in Cambodia. In late October 2016, Vietnamese Minister of Industry and Trade Tran Tuan Anh and Cambodian Minister of Commerce Pan Sorasak signed an agreement on trade promotion to raise bilateral trade to five billion USD. Statistics show that trade soared from 184 million USD in 2001 to 3.05 billion USD in 2015. It hit 2.4 billion USD from January to October last year, including nearly 1.8 billion USD of Vietnam’s exports.  Vietnam’s main exports to Cambodia include steel products, fertilisers, textile-garments, machinery, spare parts and plastics. Shortly after signing the cooperation deal, the two sides provided tax incentives for each other’s commodities. In particular, 29 Vietnamese goods will benefit from zero-percent import tariffs when they are shipped to Cambodia, including milk and cream, cassava starch, meat and rice products, confectionary, paint, plastic products, paper, ceramics and steel products. This is special treatment for Vietnam and better than Cambodia’s promised incentives for other ASEAN nations. Meanwhile, Vietnam offered a zero-percent import tariff on 39 commodities from Cambodia, mostly agricultural products, plastic products, books and notebooks, fabric and bicycles. This incentive is believed to help Vietnamese businesses increase raw material supply for production. Although Cambodia is a Southeast Asian trade partner that has won the interest of many Vietnamese investors, its legal system remains inconsistent between central and local levels. That fact has impacted Vietnam’s investment in Cambodia. To step up trade relations, the two countries agreed to remove obstacles for businesses, effectively implement licensed projects and soon ink new cooperation agreements to raise trade to five billion USD. Many experts said the two countries should issue support policies for enterprises which invest in or trade with Cambodia. Vietnam needs optimal mechanisms for import-export activities, customs procedures, tourism and labour cooperation. According to Vietnamese and Cambodian leaders, the countries will enhance the implementation of the agreement on investment promotion and protection and soon sign an agreement on double taxation avoidance and a cross-border trade agreement which will replace the existing deal on goods and services buying, selling and exchange in border areas. They will also sign a labour cooperation agreement and a memorandum of understanding on transport cooperation strategy for 2017-2025. Hoa Phat Group posts growth in steel output, market share Hoa Phat Group, a major industrial production group in Vietnam, manufactured more than 505,000 tonnes of steel in the first quarter of 2017, up 27.9 percent year on year, while its market share expanded to 24.2 percent. The group partly attributed the growth to the thriving property market and a surge in purchasing power. It exported more than 52,000 tonnes of steel, mostly to the US, Canada, Australia and ASEAN countries in Q1 – equivalent to the export volume of all of 2016. In March alone, the firm sold more than 183,000 tonnes of steel, increasing by two percent from the same period last year but dropping from 242,000 tonnes in February. As a result, Hoa Phat’s steel market share went up by two percentage points from the end of 2016. In 2016, it held a 22.2-percent market share with 1.8 million tonnes of steel sold. The group made up about 25 percent of total steel pipe sales in Vietnam, retaining the top spot in the domestic steel pipe market. It earned 33.88 trillion VND (1.49 billion USD) in revenue and 6.6 trillion VND (291.3 million USD) in post-tax profit last year, respectively soaring by 34 percent and 89 percent from a year earlier. Can Tho city seeks French investment in agriculture      Officials of the Mekong Delta city of Can Tho introduced the local potential and advantages to French companies and called for investment, especially in agriculture, during a meeting on Monday. They highlighted Can Tho’s potential of agricultural production such as rice, fisheries and fruit, along with hi-tech agricultural projects that need investment. They expressed their hope that French businesses would come to seek investment opportunities here. Chairman of the Can Tho municipal People’s Committee Vo Thanh Thong said agriculture was a strength of his city as well as other Mekong Delta localities. Many products made in Can Tho such as agricultural and aquatic products, apparel and handicrafts had been imported by France and other European countries. French firms should come to the city to invest in those areas in order to increase trade between Viet Nam and France, he noted. There are six French-invested projects worth nearly US$6 million in Can Tho. Meanwhile, bilateral trade has been on an upward trend. The city earned about $31 million from exports, mostly aquatic products, garments and handicrafts, to France in 2016. Its imports from the EU nations include pharmaceuticals, fertilisers, and agricultural medicine, Thong added. Can Tho had also carried out numerous co-operation activities in culture, education and healthcare with France. It expected bilateral relations to be intensified in the future, the official said. Martine Fumey, vice chairwoman of the World’s No 1 Club, said the club gathered exporting companies in various industries of France, and they wanted to bolster the partnership with Vietnamese businesses. Their visit to Can Tho this time was aimed at enhancing connections with local firms and seek investment opportunities, thereby gradually turning French enterprises into a key trade partner of the city, said Fumey, chairwoman of the Ares company, which specialises in security device production. Jacques Aurin, secretary general of the club and president of the Baron de Madaillan AE company, said they were also interested in educational co-operation with Can Tho-based universities since education was the basis for economic development. After the working session, the French delegation visited some rice, fishery and fruit processing companies in Can Tho. Bao Viet Group’s revenue up 24% in 2016      Bao Viet Group (HOSE: BVH) recorded a revenue of around VND25.7 trillion (US$1.13 billion) in 2016, a 24 per cent surge over 2015, and 14 per cent higher than the target set. According to the group’s audited financial results released on Monday, revenue from life insurance touched VND13.48 trillion, making up 52.4 per cent of the company’s total revenue. Non-life insurance revenue reached VND7.19 trillion or 28 per cent, while revenue from financial services and other areas totalled around VND5 trillion or 19.6 per cent. The group’s total assets last year was VND14.5 trillion, a significant 25 per cent increase compared to the same period in 2015, data revealed. Privatised in 2007, Bao Viet Group aims to become a leader in both life and non-life insurance markets by 2020, as well as in fund management. The group now has 170 branches nationwide.  Prime Minister approves golf course project The Prime Minister has given the green light to a plan on developing the Kim Bảng golf project on a total area of 198.24ha in Kim Bảng District, Hà Nam Province. The project’s total investment is VNĐ1 trillion (US$43.9 million). He has also asked the People’s Committee of Hà Nam to complete procedures on adjusting the provincial land use plan by 2020. Subsequently, the province will submit plans to authorised agencies for approval and supervise investors’ implementation of regulations on investment, construction, business and land use, as well as environment and related commitments, Voice of Vietnam (VOV) reported. The Kim Bảng golf project will be undertaken in two phases -- developing a golf course and a resort in Hà Nam Province. The project is expected to be in operation in the first quarter of 2018. The Prime Minister has also agreed to reduce the scale of the GS Củ Chi golf course from 36 holes on 200ha to 18 holes on 90ha. The People’s Committee of HCM City has decided to take back the remaining 110ha from the GS Củ Chi golf project and use the land for other targets according to existing regulations.  RoK to be honorary guest at Vietnam Expo 2017 The Republic of Korea (RoK) will be the honorary guest and the largest exhibitor with 136 booths at the International Trade Fair – Vietnam Expo 2017 slated in Hanoi from April 19-22.   The event will offer opportunities for businesses of Vietnam and the Republic of Korea (RoK) to exchange information and study market’s demand, Nguyen Khac Luan, Director of the Vietnam National Trade Fair and Advertising Company (Vinexad) said at a press conference on April 11.  This year will mark the 19th consecutive time the RoK has participated in the Vietnam Expo in the event’s 27-year history. Director of the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) Park Chul Ho said besides the Vietnam Expo 2017, the KOTRA will organize seven trade events this year, in the context of the 25th anniversary of the Vietnam-RoK diplomatic relations and the third year since the Vietnam-Korea Free Trade Agreement (VKFTA) took effect.  The 27th Vietnam Expo is expected to attract 500 enterprises from 23 countries and territories, including Belarus, Uganda, Singapore, the Czech Republic, Japan, Malaysia, India, the RoK, China and Vietnam, covering 600 booths. Besides the RoK, the event will feature the national displays of Algeria, Cuba, China and host Vietnam.  With the aim of promoting exports and the domestic market, the Vietnam Expo will feature a wide range of products of local companies, particularly those winning the Vietnam Value Awards, such as machinery-equipment-electronic goods; industrial and household appliances; food and beverage; beauty care, among others. A forum on export promotion will also be held during the trade fair to share experience and provide updated information on Vietnam’s investment environment. Australia, WB partner to support Vietnam’s development agenda The Australian Ambassador, Craig Chittick, and the World Bank Country Director, Ousmane Dione, signed on April 11 a new five year partnership to continue joint support to Vietnam’s sustainable and inclusive economic reform agenda. Key achievements of the first phase of this partnership have included: Improved national connectivity and access to markets for businesses, famers and the poor by constructing over 200km of rural roads, upgrading national highways and building 87 bridges; Increased sustainable access to clean water and sanitation through the introduction of innovative mobile phone technologies to monitor water use; and improved poverty reduction strategies for rural communities in the Northern Mountains through providing policy advice to a new Law on Ethnic Minorities. “One of the great achievements under the first phase of the partnership was to support the Government of Vietnam to develop the Vietnam 2035 report – a bold and ambitious vision for Vietnam’s economy in the next 20 years. Through the second phase of this partnership Australia looks forward to working with the World Bank to support Vietnam to implement this vision so that all citizens benefit” said Craig Chittick, Australian Ambassador to Vietnam. Ousmane Dione, the World Bank Country Director for Vietnam noted, “The first partnership created a strong synergy to support the Vietnam’s development agenda. We have seen joint work in critical policy and reform areas enabling greater impact and influence than by working individually. This stepped up engagement will be mutually beneficial and help deliver stronger development results for Vietnam”. Australia will provide 25 million Australian Dollars to the World Bank to implement this partnership over the next five years. Focusing on the areas of trade and competiveness; transport; ethnic minorities; Mekong delta with two crosscutting issues of gender and innovation, the partnership will support Vietnam to implement reform priorities identified in the Socio-Economic Development Plan 2016-2020 (SEDP).     Apple sends ‘ultimatum’ to mobile stores over trademark infringement A number of mobile phone stores in Vietnam have been warned for using Apple’s logo and other registered trademarks without the US tech company’s permission. It is not uncommon for Vietnamese phone stores to use the Apple logo, the Apple and iPhone brands, along with other registered trademarks including the iPad, MacBook or Apple Store livery on their shop banners, advertisements and even their business plans despite not being authorized to do so. Vo Tran Co. Ltd., a company hired by Apple Inc. to protect its intellectual property in Vietnam, has sent an 'announcement and recommendation letter' to mobile stores in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi to alert them of their trademark infringements. The document claims that recipients are “using the ‘half-eaten apple’ logo and the Apple and iPhone brands on their shop front signage despite not being authorized to sell or repair Apple products.” Specific mobile stores received variations of the same letter, which include an addendum saying those venues “were at some point selling fake products under the Apple brand name.” Citing the law on intellectual property protection, Vo Tran emphasized in the warning letter that “using Apple brands on shop banners and business papers without Apple’s permission is an infringement of Apple’s intellectual property.” Vo Tran has requested that the offending stores cease their unauthorized use of the Apple logo and brand name, as well as the sale of fake Apple products within seven days of receiving the ‘recommendation letter.’ Vo Tran director Vo Thi Minh Tam confirmed to Tuoi Tre (Youth) newspaper on April 9 that the move was part of a joint effort between the company and market watchdogs in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi. According to a list updated on its website on February 24, 2017, Apple has nearly 300 registered trademarks, from individual product lines to technology used in the company’s devices. The iPhone maker also states clearly on its website that in order to use Apple copyrighted material in third party businesses, an entity must submit a detailed request to the company’s copyright division. “Only Apple and its authorized resellers and licensees may use the Apple logo in advertising, promotional, and sales materials,” the California-based company said in its guidelines for using Apple trademarks and copyrights There are only a few companies authorized to officially provide Apple products and services in Vietnam. Among them are Futureworld, which was established in Vietnam in 2007 as an Apple Premium Reseller (APR) and Apple Service Provider (ASP), and F.Studio by FPT. F.Studio by FPT is the official Apple-authorized dealer in Vietnam, having obtained both the APR and Apple Authorized Reseller (AAR) statuses. Vo Tran’s letter is seen as an ‘ultimatum’ for mobile stores in Vietnam to stop publicly violating Apple’s intellectual property. Shop owners have shared photos of the letter on Facebook, discussing how to respond to the warning by the iPhone maker. Some say the request is “irrational,” adding that it is unreasonable to ban them from including the Apple logo or brand on shop signs when they sell Apple products. “Should I say ‘Ai Phon’ or ‘Ai Mac’ on the signs instead?” one Facebook user mocks, using the phonetic equivalents of the iPhone and iMac in Vietnamese. However, from a legal perspective, lawyers have said that Vo Tran is doing the right thing to protect the interests of its client. Lawyer Tran Thi Mien said the Apple logo and trademarks are both protected in Vietnam as per the law on intellectual property protection, so Vo Tran, as a legal representative of the US company, is fully authorized to demand that mobile stores cease infringing on their brand name. Lawyer Nguyen Kieu Hung agreed that stores who use the Apple brand in their business activities without the company’s authorization are committing an obvious violation of the company’s intellectual property. “Apple is entitled by law to request violators of its intellectual property to stop their infringement, apologize to and compensate the company,” the attorney said. If mobile stores refuse to follow the request, Apple has the right to bring them to court, Hung added. Le Ngoc Lam, deputy head of the intellectual property department under the Ministry of Science and Technology, also said that Apple’s request to the offending mobile shops is “totally legitimate.” “Apple has registered protection of their products, services and brands throughout Vietnam, so they have full discretion on whether or not to allow an entity to use them,” Lam said. Siemens helps improve Vietnamese transmission grid performance As part of an extensive programme to ensure a reliable national power supply in Vietnam, Siemens has received an order from the state-run energy company Electricity of Vietnam’s National Load Dispatch Centre, to improve the performance of the nationwide transmission grid. Accordingly, the German industrial giant will supply and install products and systems for detecting and evaluating failure situations in the grid, for ensuring grid quality and for detecting and monitoring dynamic grid states. The equipment will be installed in substations distributed throughout the country and in the grid control centres, where it will help increase the grid’s failure tolerance, improve its transmission capacity and optimise the expansion of new primary plants.  The goal is to make better use of the existing grid infrastructure and to be able to connect additional loads as well as prevent outages that could result from overloading. The substations and control centres are expected to be equipped with the new technology and go into operation by mid-2018. Fault recorders from the Siprotec 5 7KE85 series, combined with the Sicam PQS evaluation software, will be used in 73 Vietnamese substations, and the Siguard PDP (Phasor Data Processor) wide-area monitoring system will be employed in three regional and one national grid control centres.  These fault recorders work with an integrated function for measuring synchrophasors to monitor grid dynamics and measure grid quality.  The devices enable the event-based evaluation, analysis and documentation of processes in the grid, including critical load situations, short-circuits, power fluctuations and power swings.  The integrated Sicam PQS evaluation software evaluates the fault recorders to provide a quick overview of the grid quality. The Siguard PDP wide-area monitoring system in the one national and three regional control centres will also help ensure that the transmission grid in Vietnam operates reliably.  It uses synchrophasors in real time, making it easier to quickly assess the current condition of the grid.  “In addition to power supply shortage, Vietnam is encountering high transmission and distribution losses for a number of reasons.  The Vietnamese government has put a great deal of efforts so as to reduce these losses. With this order, Siemens is very proud to be able to support the National Load Dispatch Centre in successfully fulfilling their challenging tasks while realising our commitment to assist Vietnam to improve the grid performance,” said Pham Thai Lai, Siemens Vietnam president and CEO. VinaCapital completely divests Dai Phuoc Lotus Vietnam Opportunity Fund Limited under VinaCapital, the leading asset management and real estate development firm in Vietnam, announced on April 10 that it has divested its entire stake in the Dai Phuoc Lotus real estate project located in the southern province of Dong Nai, near Ho Chi Minh City. The site is a future residential township development with a total site area of 198.5 hectares and was acquired with VinaLand Limited in 2007. The project is currently undergoing its first phase in construction and sales. Vietnam Opportunity Fund Limited (VOF), alongside VinaLand  Limited, disposed of its entire stake in Dai Phuoc Lotus to China Fortune Land Development at a total valuation of 20.4 per cent above the March 31, 2017 unaudited net asset value. This transaction will result in net cash proceeds of $16.5 million to VinaCapital. As a result of the sale, VOF’s holding in direct real estate development projects has been reduced to 5.2 per cent of the total NAV.  “This is a significant milestone in VinaCapital’s on-going strategy to reduce direct real estate holdings, and enables VOF to remain opportunistic in market areas where we see significant upside, namely privately negotiated deals and OTC investments,” Ho said. Dai Phuoc Lotus consists of 332 high-end semi-detached and detached villas. Around 200 villas of the first phase have been handed over to buyers. Located in Dong Nai, it takes only 30 minutes by river or 50 minutes by road to reach Ho Chi Minh City centre. Dai Phuoc is a perfect venue for vacations, meeting all demands of residents, such as large swimming pools and an open-door picnic area. The developer has decided to reserve a large area particularly for farming in the project. This farm will supply clean vegetables to residents at the same time as being an ideal picnic venue for visitors in the future. Dai Phuoc Island is considered a pearl in the east of Ho Chi Minh City, in the shape of a water drop, offering residents a very nice living environment. Dragon Capital sets foot in Myanmar Dragon Capital Group in Vietnam and the Ruby Hill Financial Company, a member of the Loi Hein Group in Myanmar, have agreed to subscribe to shares, 49 per cent and 51 per cent respectively, in Ruby Hill Microfinance, a new microfinance institution based in Yangon, Myanmar. Ruby Hill Microfinance will commence with initial capital of $5 million and will focus on promoting inclusive loan products and services to the burgeoning workforce driving Myanmar’s rapid economic development. It will be strategically led by the Chairmen of both Loi Hein, Dr. Sai Sam Htun, and Dragon Capital, Mr. Dominic Scriven, who will directly chart the business course from its board of directors. Ms. Trinh Proctor, Loi Hein Group’s Chief Strategy Officer and formerly with Standard Chartered Bank, has been appointed CEO. She has extensive experience in the fields of formulating bank strategy, risk management/processes, and human capital development. “The success of Ruby Hill Microfinance is of paramount importance to the Dragon Capital Group, as it is our first investment in Myanmar,” said Mr. Scriven. “We have been offered a tremendous opportunity by Dr. Sai and the Loi Hein Group to jointly establish and develop Ruby Hill Microfinance with a local partner of means and conscience.” Loi Hein is a leader in the fast-moving consumer goods segment in Myanmar and its products, such as Alpine water and a wide range of carbonated soft drinks, are known for their superior quality. “With Loi Hein diversifying into financial services, we have found that we are like-minded with regard to the operational and financial goals for Ruby Hill Microfinance, and the contribution that it must make to the betterment of people’s lives,” Mr. Scriven added. The formation of Ruby Hill Microfinance will marry the banking and microfinance expertise developed by the Dragon Capital Group in Vietnam and the Greater Mekong Sub-Region with the local presence and knowledge of the Loi Hein Group, one of Myanmar’s largest and most respected business conglomerates. According to the United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNDCF), more than 50 per cent of Myanmar’s 60.9 million population had no access to financial services in 2013 and a further 30 per cent of the population accessed unregulated services. This imposes significant costs on poor people. Total unmet financing demand in the country is estimated at around $1 billion. “It is vital for the economic prosperity of Myanmar that we channel the financial resources we have to productive purposes,” said Dr. Sai. “We know that Dragon Capital has experience in successfully implementing microfinance services in the region, and we have chosen them as our partner in Ruby Hill Microfinance because we have confidence that they will work hard with us to deliver the means for wealth creation in Myanmar.” Founded in 1994, the Dragon Capital Group is an integrated investment company based in Vietnam. Together with its affiliates, it manages some $1.5 billion in assets spanning public equity, private equity, fixed income, and property. Its primary shareholders are its founders, management, and staff. State businesses need strategic vision in management: PM Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has asked State-run enterprises to further improve administration capacity and have a strategic vision for stronger development. He made the request while attending the 10th founding anniversary of the Party Committee of the Central Businesses Bloc (CBB) in Hanoi on April 11. The leading mission of the CBB Party Committee is helping State-owned businesses develop and fulfil political tasks entrusted by the Party and State, he said. He acknowledged the committee’s significant contributions to the national development over the past decade, saying State companies contributes 26-30 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP) and serve as an important tool of the State to stabilise the macro economy and boost growth. Mentioning its shortcomings in personnel work over the past time, the Government leader stressed that enterprises will only succeed if personnel work is done well. State businesses should learn from experience in investment and capital management, labour productivity improvement, brand building and business administration, he said. He also underlined the crucial role of the State economy, which makes up at least 15-35 percent of GDP, saying that the development of the State economy is imperative to successfully build a socialist-oriented market economy. In the context of the fourth industrial revolution, the PM urged State companies to pioneer in the field to accelerate international integration. He said science-technology development is a big issue in Party leadership as it is key to businesses’ success. The Government leader requested State firms to improve their role and capacity to fulfil political missions, including the Party building and thrift practice. Bình Dương records positive export growth The export turnover of the southern Bình Dương Province touched US$6.36 billion in the first quarter of 2017, a year-on-year rise of 16.1 per cent. The domestic sector contributed $1.14 billion, up 8.4 per cent, while the foreign-invested sector accounted for $5.22 billion, up 16.8 per cent, the provincial department of Industry and trade revealed. Products that saw high exports include wooden items ($894.6 million), clothes ($741 million), and leather and footwear ($575 million). In March alone, the province’s export earnings recorded a 9.5 per cent rise to $2.15 billion. Of this, the domestic sector contributed $359.2 million, while the foreign-invested sector put in $1.79 billion. The province has imported $4.66 billion worth of goods in the first quarter, up 14.9 per cent. In March, import was valued at $1.6 billion. March sales of cars up 52 per cent The Vietnamese auto market sold nearly 26,900 cars in March, an increase of 52 per cent compared with the previous month, according to a Vietnam Automobile Manufacturers’ Association report. Of this figure, there were 16,806 passenger cars, 8,278 commercial cars and 1,789 special-use units, up 67 per cent, 31 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively. The market witnessed a 35 per cent rise in the sale of locally-assembled cars to touch 18,388 units. Meanwhile, there were 8,484 imported complete built-up units (CBUs), 114 per cent higher than the previous month. The import of cars is forecast to accelerate this year as import tariff in the ASEAN bloc will become zero per cent in 2018. Custom Vietnam recently asked its branches in major cities and provinces to check the certificate of origin on import CBUs when applying the new import tariff rate, especially the origin criteria of vehicles from ASEAN countries. A report from the General Statistics Office showed that Việt Nam imported 19,000 cars in the first quarter of this year, a year-on-year increase of 169 per cent in volume and 82 per cent in value. Vietnam fails to score big in Egyptian fish market Consumption of fish is a traditional and vital component of the Egyptian diet, and a primary source of inexpensive animal protein for the growing population, said Vietnam Trade Counsellor Pham The Cuong recently. Fish and fisheries in Egypt are expected to produce 1.4 million metric tons of product in 2017, principally seabass, tilapia and catfish, said Mr Cuong, adding that 40% of it is allocated for domestic consumption and 60% for export to EU countries and Gulf states. Mr Cuong noted fish and fishery imports of Egypt for the year are estimated at 215 thousand metric tons and consist primarily of mackerel, sardines and other. Most imports are made around the major holidays, such as Ranja.  Imports of frozen basa and salmon are also made on a more regular year-round basis to feed the poverty-stricken people in the country. Mr Cuong pointed out that fish consumption in the country linking northeast Africa with the Middle East has long been characterized by a traditional preference for wild caught fresh fish. The per capita consumption of fish in Egypt is 20.5kg compared to a global per capita of 19.3kg.  vietnam fails to score big in egyptian fish market hinh 1 However, with the development in cold storage facilities over the past decade, and improved distribution channels, frozen fish is becoming a more acceptable alternative for a limited number of Egyptian consumers. Another important influence in the fish and seafood market in Egypt is price, said Mr Cuong. As an example, he said tilapia is indigenous to the Nile and has been a popular feature of Egyptian cuisine since the Pharaonic times. However, nowadays with the prices of wild caught fish and alternative sources of meat and poultry soaring— cooks throughout the country are becoming more amenable to farm raised seafood alternatives. Particularly high quality farm raised tilapia, which because of its health benefits and place in Egyptian culture can be found street side and in high end restaurants as well as households throughout the country. Fish and fishery exports of Vietnam to Egypt have been inconsequential over past years, Mr Cuong underscored. According to official statistics they went from US$20 million in 2007 to US$64.2 million in 2015 and then dipped to US$46 million last year. The Trade Counsellor said pangasius catfish and Nile perch are two species which could potentially compete directly with tilapia in the Egyptian (and international market) if Vietnamese farmers would focus on food safety and produce quality fish. Vietnamese farmers and exporters should also take note that most fish in Egypt is not sold in supermarkets or live markets like it is in Vietnam.  The overwhelming majority is sold in specialized fish retail markets owned and operated by individuals or businesses that exclusively sell fish products. Most but not all retailers appear to be men, with perhaps around 10-15% being women. Many of them operate in specific market areas dedicated for groups of retailers. For example, in Cairo there are several specific retail fish markets such as Moneab, Zaytoun and Embaba and Sayeda Zaneb, Waely, Faisal and Maadi. Most of these retailers sell a variety of distinct species including tilapia, mullet and catfish, and virtually all sales of domestic fish (wild and farmed) are in whole fresh form. So, if Vietnamese want to score big in the Egyptian market they need to get their foot in the door of these specialized fish markets and not focus solely on supermarkets, Mr Cuong concluded. Jetstar upbeat about direct services to HCMC Jetstar Group’s global head of sales Paul Rombeek has expressed optimism about the direct services which Jetstar will conduct from Sydney and Melbourne to HCMC from May given increasing air travel demand and expanding Australia-Vietnam ties. Rombeek told a press conference in HCMC on April 5 that Jetstar will become the only Australian carrier to fly direct between Australia and Vietnam with three weekly flights from Melbourne to HCMC from May 10, and four services a week from Sydney from May 11. Ticket sales for the new flights using Boeing 787 Dreamliner jetliners kicked off early this year and demand from Vietnam has been higher than anticipated. “Response has been extremely promising since we launched ticket sales in January,” Rombeek said. He stressed the new flights will also stimulate inbound tourism, business and trade to Australia. “In the last 12 months, there has been a 21% increase in visitors from Vietnam to Australia and we expect to see that grow with the introduction of our low fares on the route.” Vietnam is one of the fastest-growing aviation markets in the world and air travel demand is rising as seen on the HCMC-Singapore-Australia flights operated by partner airlines of Jetstar. Statistics showed last year saw international arrivals in this ASEAN country surpassing 10 million. Vietnam attracted around 320,680 Australian visitors last year, up 5.6% over 2015, according to the General Statistics Office. The number in the first quarter of this year grew 3.4% year-on-year to 95,160. Rombeek said Jetstar expects its low fares and direct flights will generate even more demand for holidays to Vietnam. “We understand tourism is a priority for the government, the economy and the people of Vietnam and we are proud to support them through these flights.”   Jetstar is committed to the new services and confident in their success, according to Rombeek. Fares of the flights start from A$159. Australia’s Assistant Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment Keith Pitt said Vietnam is quickly becoming one of the most popular destinations in Southeast Asia for Australians, and that promoting international investment and tourism is his top priority.   “The seven new weekly Jetstar flights connecting Vietnam and Australia’s commercial centers will further boost our already strong bilateral relationship. In particular, these flights will help grow the links between our businesses and our people” said Pitt, who also attended the press conference on the launch of Jetstar's low-cost direct services from Australia to HCMC. Data of Vietnam’s General Department of Customs showed two-way trade between Australia and Vietnam stood at US$5.26 billion last year, up 6.5% from 2015. Of the total, Vietnam’s exports to Australia fell 1.7% year-on-year to US$2.87 billion and imports surged 18.3% to US$2.39 billion.  Vietnam sold crude oil, cameras and components, steel products, apparel and footwear, electronic products and parts, and furniture; and imported coal, minerals, cotton and fruits, among others. VEF/VNA/VNS/VOV/SGT/SGGP/Dantri/VET/VIR HCMC backs household business upgrades to firms, VCCI plans to add environment as PCI criterion, New animal feed mills unlikely, Forum looks into fourth industrial revolution’s impacts on Vietnam   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on How to better manage meat imports BUSINESS IN BRIEF 11/4 Big changes expected in banks’ key personnel Vietstar licensing put on hold March: Record new foreign investors granted trading codes Vietnam lucrative for foreign banks Q1 demand for mid- and senior-level managers up 73% Uber’s pilot e-hailing project in Vietnam approved Fourth time’s the charm? AirAsia’s newest attempt on Vietnam Italian businesses pivot from China to Vietnam     Top Stories Young professor receives 9 US patents Mekong Delta urged to store fresh water for 2017 dry season Universities lag behind as schools expand training, lower standards Vietnam urged to focus on FDI quality, not quantity Nuclear medicine incredible breakthrough in treating lung cancer Vietnamese beer market big enough for all brewers A red cap, American tears and Vietnam's economy Vietnam’s trade surplus with US worries economists Young men compete in lucky ball scrambling festival Saigon among top 50 most beautiful cities in the world Latest News The pioneer of Vietnam’s vaccine production HCM City launches digital traffic app Total Chinese FDI exceeds $11bn HSBC: Low Q1 growth no cause for concern American brightens up Hanoi alleyway Man on United Airlines flight identified as Vietnamese-American doctor with troubled past: Reports Beautiful underwater paths in Vietnam CNN: Beyond pho, five of Hanoi's top noodle dishes Supermodel Hoang Yen selected as Catwalk Director for Miss ASEAN Friendship 2017 Young Vietnamese wraps up arctic journey     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Big Trouble in Little Korea: Qualcomm responds to Apple lawsuit with their own claims Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/11 7:40pm PDTApr 11, 2017 3 Plus 1 on G+ 11 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares50 Legal News Some of you may remember the suit Apple brought against Qualcomm back in January. In it Apple alleged that Qualcomm was withholding around $1 billion from Apple in retaliation for their cooperation with Korean authorities during an anti-trust investigation (another similar suit the US with the FTC is ongoing) in addition to failing to adhere to FRAND licensing (fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory). Well, Qualcomm's had some time to think about it. In an entirely unexpected twist Qualcomm has responded to Apple's accusations with their own counter-claims, in which they allege that Apple did not engage in good faith negotiations, that Qualcomm's licensing terms actually are FRAND, that Apple has interfered with their licensing agreements with manufacturers outside of Apple in the latter's supply chain, made false statements (presumably in the recent Korean anti-trust investigation), and finally that they throttled the performance of Qualcomm's modems on the iPhone 7 while also making threats against Qualcomm to not expose this. Apple currently uses Qualcomm's modems for SIM unlocked devices and US CDMA carriers, while Intel handles that in the US GSM models. But, Apple's earlier devices from the 6s to the 4s all used Qualcomm modems. Given the number of devices sold by Apple that easily makes them one of Qualcomm's biggest customers. This little spat between the two of them could also be bad for consumers of future Apple products, as Qualcomm's modems perform better than Intel's. This might just be a fight between Apple and Qualcomm, but for those of us living the sweet life with Android it could spell trouble as well. Qualcomm's had a tight grip on their IP historically, and they've pretty well cornered the smartphone chipset market. If they win the case and their licensing costs are found to be reasonable then Qualcomm might have more leverage on future products and licensing arrangements with Android device manufacturers. Few phone chipset manufacturers choose to pay licensing now for Qualcomm's CDMA and LTE IP, so Qualcomm's functional monopoly may continue in the US (with some notable exceptions). Qualcomm's full statement: Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today filed its Answer and Counterclaims to the January lawsuit brought by Apple against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Qualcomm’s filing details the value of the technologies Qualcomm has invented, contributed and shared with the industry through its licensing program, as well as Apple’s failure to engage in good faith negotiations for a license to Qualcomm’s 3G and 4G standard essential patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The filing also outlines how Apple: Breached agreements and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm; Interfered with Qualcomm’s long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple; Encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements; Chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems; and Threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. Qualcomm seeks, among other things, damages from Apple for reneging on its promises in several agreements and to enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm’s agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple. Source: Qualcomm Tags apple apple lawsuit ftc lawsuit qualcomm qualcomm apple lawsuit qualcomm ftc qualcomm lawsuit subscribe ... Previous Story Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments JD I'm not sure who I want to win here. I actually want both to lose. Knocking QC off their monopoly and Apple losing another strong arming battle against suppliers. Duder12 This is one of those really rare cases where you want the richest company on the planet to win. Bettyjmiller Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sq192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !sq192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopClipGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sq192c:....,...... davidofmidnight The only winner here will be the law firms. Jeff Beck Didn't read the article because I don't care, but your hero image is top notch. If I send you a picture of my mother-in-law can you add her in at the top? Michael Carr All aboard the Pork Chop Express! Powsniffer0110 So.... You WANT us to root for Apple now?!? Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 142k 105k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] Get the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Gen LTE for $179.99 ($220 off) on eBay 2017/04/08 7:15pm PDTApr 8, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 3 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 2017/04/11 6:54pm PDTApr 11, 2017 0 Facebook adds a group payments feature to Messenger 2017/04/11 6:17pm PDTApr 11, 2017 32 Anbox runs Android apps alongside desktop applications on Linux 2017/04/11 4:10pm PDTApr 11, 2017 2 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 41 Google fixes annoying page jumps in Chrome with page anchoring 2017/04/11 3:38pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 41 [Update: Message gone] Google Home app says multiple users are now supported 2017/04/11 2:30am PDTApr 11, 2017 44 Google fixes annoying page jumps in Chrome with page anchoring 2017/04/11 3:38pm PDTApr 11, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 Google AutoDraw uses machine learning to make a designer out of anyone 2017/04/11 5:26pm PDTApr 11, 2017 9 Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 2017/04/11 6:54pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Last 7 Days 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 145 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 71 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 48 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 93 queries | 0.649s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close US economy Trump’s tax holiday 'would help top US companies save $300bn' Oxfam says corporations, using offshore havens, cheat poor nations of $100bn a year yet have pushed for bigger US tax breaks Apple’s CEO said the tech firm expected to ‘bring home’, back to the US, much of its offshore cash this year. Photograph: Peter Parks/AFP/Getty US economy Trump’s tax holiday 'would help top US companies save $300bn' Oxfam says corporations, using offshore havens, cheat poor nations of $100bn a year yet have pushed for bigger US tax breaks Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Rupert Neate @RupertNeate Wednesday 12 April 2017 00.00 EDT Donald Trump’s plan to encourage US companies to repatriate profits held offshore will allow the 50 biggest American corporations to save at least $300bn (£240bn), according to research by Oxfam. The US president has promised that he will get America’s biggest companies to bring their vast offshore cash piles back to US soil by offering a one-off tax holiday. The plan is to tax repatriated money at 10% rather than at the statutory rate of 35%. Trump tax cut plan will be as big a flop as failed healthcare reforms | Nouriel Roubini Read more America’s 50 biggest companies had combined offshore cash piles of more than $1.6tn in 2015, according to Oxfam’s research. Corporate America has been keeping the money overseas because through legal loopholes corporations can defer US taxes continually so long as income is not repatriated to the US. The amount of money held offshore, much of it in tax havens, increased by $200bn in 2015, according to Oxfam’s Rigged Reform paper. Trump’s proposed tax holiday would be a big boost for US technology companies which make a lot of money overseas and often park the profits in low-tax jurisdictions, such as Ireland. Apple holds more than $200bn offshore, and was last year accused of tax avoidance by the European commission and ordered to pay €13bn (£11bn) in back taxes. Apple’s chief executive, Tim Cook, denied the charges and dismissed the EC investigation as “political crap”. However, he later said that he expected to bring home much of the offshore cash pile in 2017. He said Apple had set aside “several billion dollars for the US for payment as soon as we repatriate” some or all of the money. Trump's economic policies: protectionism, low taxes and coal mines Read more During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump promised that his one-off 10% rate would “bring back trillions of dollars from American businesses that is now parked overseas”. He said at a campaign event in Michigan: “We’re going to get Apple to start building their damn computers and things in this country rather than other countries.” Oxfam’s research suggested that Apple would save $43.5bn in tax by taking advantage of Trump’s one-off 10% repatriation tax. Other companies sitting on vast fortunes parked offshore include the drugs maker Pfizer, with $193bn, Microsoft, with $124bn, and GM, with $104bn. The Oxfam research suggested that the 50 biggest US companies could collectively save between $312 and $327bn by bringing back their offshore cash piles under Trump’s tax holiday. The charity said the companies were exploiting a network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to hold cash from the US tax authorities. There is no suggestion that any of the companies have acted illegally. US gained only 98,000 jobs in March, putting a chill on Trump's promises Read more Ana Arendar, Oxfam’s head of inequality, said: “These companies have deepened their use of tax havens and increased efforts to build influence to push for even greater tax breaks than they already have. Corporate tax dodgers cheat the US out of approximately $135bn in unpaid tax revenues every year and poor countries out of an estimated $100bn annually.” The report claims that the 50 companies spent $2.5bn on lobbying between 2009 and 2015, including an estimated $352m specifically spent on influencing the tax debate. The total amount spent on lobbying works out at about $46m for every member of Congress. Topics US economy Donald Trump Oxfam Tax havens Corporate governance Apple news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › US economy back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Tablets » iPad Pro 9.7 inch vs iPad 9.7 inch 2017 – How Well Do They Fare Against Each Other? iPad Pro 9.7 inch vs iPad 9.7 inch 2017 – How Well Do They Fare Against Each Other? By John Misha / April 10, 2017 / Tablets No Comments on iPad Pro 9.7 inch vs iPad 9.7 inch 2017 – How Well Do They Fare Against Each Other? 66 For various PC problems, we recommend to use this tool. This tool will repair most computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your PC for maximum performance. Quickly fix PC issues and prevent others from happening with this software: Download ReimagePlus (100% safe download and endorsed by us). Click “Start Scan” to find Windows issues that could be causing PC problems. Click “Repair All” to fix all issues. It seems that Apple has decided to broaden its iPad range this year. The Cupertino based tech giant recently launched a brand new 9.7 inch tablet that’s been simply named as iPad but that’s not all. Apple is also expected to refresh its iPad Pro hybrid tablet offering this year. This year’s 9.7 inch iPad is the cheapest Apple tablet ever made and it has been well received by customers. The only issue with Apple’s latest tablet is that customers associate its cheap $329 price with low quality. We can safely say that this isn’t the case. Even though its price is quite low, the tablet still represents the iPad brand which means that it’s equipped with impressive hardware and a sleek design. In order to give interested customers some insight to the tablet’s capabilities we will compare it against Apple’s high-end iPad Pro. The latter is the best that Apple has to offer and it will be quite interesting to see how the new iPad fares against it. CPU and RAM iPad Pro is powered by Apple’s own made dual-core A9X processor. The chipset is very impressive clocking in at 2.16GHz (Twister). Apple has also paired the device’s processor with a PowerVR Series 7 12-core graphics processing unit and 2GB of RAM. Now let’s see what the new iPad has to offer when it comes to hardware power. The tablet is fueled by Apple’s dual-core A9 chipset. The processor has been clocked at 1.84GHz (Twister) and it is coupled with a PowerVR GT7600 six-core graphics processing unit and 2GB of RAM. Relating storage space, iPad Pro ships in the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants. The new tablet only ships in the 32GB and 128GB storage space models. Obviously since these are Apple tablets, they do not ship with microSD support. Verdict iPad Pro is the superior device but this was to be expected since it has been priced at $682. In order to make the new tablet affordable, Apple had to compromise when it came to hardware power. However, iPad’s hardware is nothing to be overlooked since it’s more than capable of providing users with stable performances under any circumstances. Related Tagged as: Apple, iPad 9.7 inch, iPad Pro 9.7 inch Recommended stories you may like: Surface Pro 4 vs iPad Pro – J.D. Power Gives it to Microsoft Google Nexus 7 Will be Available With Snapdragon 835 CPU and 4GB RAM iPad (2017) vs iPad Air 2 – What Sets them Apart? iPad (2017) vs iPad Pro – Which One Should You Pick? iPad Pro vs Surface Pro 4 – Which One Deserves Your Money? iPad Pro is Better Than a Laptop with Its Hardware Apple iPad (2017) – Why Apple Fans Need to Stay Away From It Google Nexus 7 (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 – Which One is the Best Android Powered Tablet? Google Nexus 7 (2017) will be Manufactured by HTC and Comes with Android 8.0 O iPad Pro 2017 vs iPad Pro 9.7 – How to Tell them Apart Google Nexus 7 (2017) Comes With the Name of Taimen iPad Pro 2017 vs iPad Pro 9.7 – Best Specs Comparison so far iPad Pro 2017 Update Comes with A10X CPU Processor iPad 9.7 inch 2017 vs iPad Air 2 – Which One Wins Apple’s Favor? Google Nexus 7 (2017) to Replace Pixel C Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 inch is Apple’s Biggest Threat Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Not Feature Bixby the Voice AssistantApril 12, 2017 OnePlus 5 Specs Unveiled by the Chinese MediaApril 11, 2017 Honor 8 Pro Is the Best Galaxy S8 AlternativeApril 11, 2017 Xiaomi Mi 6 is Set to be Unveiled on April 19th in BeijingApril 11, 2017 Apple has Lost its Innovative Touch Ever Since Steve Jobs Passed AwayApril 11, 2017 Nexus 5X Now Available with Android 7.1.2 NougatApril 11, 2017 Nexus Smartphones to be Replaced by NokiaApril 11, 2017 Nexus 6P Will Not be Going Away Anytime SoonApril 11, 2017 Nexus 6 Special Android 8.0 Edition is Under DevelopmentApril 11, 2017 Nexus 5X, V20, G5 Owners Start Lawsuit Against LGApril 11, 2017 Nexus 6 Specific Android O Build Spotted in Google’s CodeApril 10, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 First Look at Leaked PictureApril 10, 2017 Google Pixel 2 Will Borrow a Trick from Galaxy S8’s BookApril 10, 2017 Apple iPhone 6S vs HTC One M9 – A Hardware Power DebateApril 10, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Sony Xperia Z3 – Which One has the Upper Hand?April 10, 2017 © GigJets 2016
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News US companies now have £1.6 trillion stashed in tax havens and Trump's plans will make matters worse, Oxfam claims President's plans to slash taxes for corporations and impose a border tax will help big firms and harm average consumers, charity says Ben Chapman Wednesday 12 April 2017 04:38 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Donald Trump has promised to crack down on US companies that hold profits overseas Getty The 50 biggest US companies stashed another $200bn of profits in offshore tax havens in 2015 alone, taking the total to approximately $1.6 trillion, according to new analysis. Donald Trump’s plans to slash taxes for corporations and wealthy individuals and impose a border tax will harm average consumers further, Oxfam said in a report published on Tuesday. The 50 largest companies disclosed use of 1,751 subsidiaries in countries classed as tax havens by the OECD and the US National Bureau of Economic Research, an increase of 143 on a year earlier, the charity found. The true number may be far higher as only “significant” subsidiaries have to be disclosed. Read more Donald Trump’s 'phenomenal' tax reform: What we know so far Big multinationals such as Google, Amazon and Apple have come under fire for routing sales through countries such as Bermuda, Ireland and Luxembourg, which offer them low tax rates. While this is legal, critics say it does not reflect where the firms actually do business. The top rate of US corporate tax is 35 per cent - one of the highest rates in the world, incentivising many companies to hold billions offshore. Mr Trump has pledged to reduce this to 15 per cent and a one-off rate of 10 per cent for money currently held abroad. That will hand a $328bn tax break to the 50 biggest companies, with Apple, Pfizer and Microsoft the biggest gainers, accounting for 40 per cent of the total, Oxfam estimated. While some have welcomed the move as a sensible way to bring profits of US companies back to the country, Oxfam warns that it risks accelerating a race to the bottom that will harm consumers in America as well as the world’s poor as global tax rates plummet. Business picture of the day 34 show all Business picture of the day 1/34 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 2/34 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 3/34 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 4/34 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 5/34 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 6/34 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 7/34 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 8/34 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 9/34 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 10/34 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 11/34 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 12/34 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 13/34 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 14/34 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 15/34 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 16/34 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 17/34 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 18/34 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 19/34 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 20/34 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 21/34 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 22/34 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 23/34 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 24/34 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 25/34 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 26/34 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 27/34 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 28/34 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 29/34 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 30/34 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 31/34 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 32/34 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 33/34 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 34/34 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty The average statutory corporate tax rate for the G20 group of leading economies fell from 40 per cent in 1990 to 28.7 per cent in 2015. The UK has already cut its rate from 30 per cent in 2008 to a planned 17 per cent in 2020. The President has also put forward plans for a border adjustment tax, which could, in effect impose up to a 20 per cent tariff on imports. Oxfam said companies would still be able to game the system and its main outcome would be to increase prices of imported goods, hurting the poor in America, and in countries that rely on exporting to the US. Proponents say it will cause a sharp rise in the value of the dollar which will offset any rise in import costs. Oxfam’s Head of Inequality Ana Arendar said: “These companies have deepened their use of tax havens and increased efforts to build influence to push for even greater tax breaks than they already have.  “Corporate tax dodgers cheat the US out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year and poor countries out of an estimated $100 billion annually.”  More about: Donald Trump tax avoidance Amazon Google Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Big Trouble in Little Korea: Qualcomm responds to Apple lawsuit with their own claims Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/11 7:40pm PDTApr 11, 2017 3 Plus 1 on G+ 11 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares50 Legal News Some of you may remember the suit Apple brought against Qualcomm back in January. In it Apple alleged that Qualcomm was withholding around $1 billion from Apple in retaliation for their cooperation with Korean authorities during an anti-trust investigation (another similar suit the US with the FTC is ongoing) in addition to failing to adhere to FRAND licensing (fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory). Well, Qualcomm's had some time to think about it. In an entirely unexpected twist Qualcomm has responded to Apple's accusations with their own counter-claims, in which they allege that Apple did not engage in good faith negotiations, that Qualcomm's licensing terms actually are FRAND, that Apple has interfered with their licensing agreements with manufacturers outside of Apple in the latter's supply chain, made false statements (presumably in the recent Korean anti-trust investigation), and finally that they throttled the performance of Qualcomm's modems on the iPhone 7 while also making threats against Qualcomm to not expose this. Apple currently uses Qualcomm's modems for SIM unlocked devices and US CDMA carriers, while Intel handles that in the US GSM models. But, Apple's earlier devices from the 6s to the 4s all used Qualcomm modems. Given the number of devices sold by Apple that easily makes them one of Qualcomm's biggest customers. This little spat between the two of them could also be bad for consumers of future Apple products, as Qualcomm's modems perform better than Intel's. This might just be a fight between Apple and Qualcomm, but for those of us living the sweet life with Android it could spell trouble as well. Qualcomm's had a tight grip on their IP historically, and they've pretty well cornered the smartphone chipset market. If they win the case and their licensing costs are found to be reasonable then Qualcomm might have more leverage on future products and licensing arrangements with Android device manufacturers. Few phone chipset manufacturers choose to pay licensing now for Qualcomm's CDMA and LTE IP, so Qualcomm's functional monopoly may continue in the US (with some notable exceptions). Qualcomm's full statement: Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today filed its Answer and Counterclaims to the January lawsuit brought by Apple against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Qualcomm’s filing details the value of the technologies Qualcomm has invented, contributed and shared with the industry through its licensing program, as well as Apple’s failure to engage in good faith negotiations for a license to Qualcomm’s 3G and 4G standard essential patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The filing also outlines how Apple: Breached agreements and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm; Interfered with Qualcomm’s long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple; Encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements; Chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems; and Threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. Qualcomm seeks, among other things, damages from Apple for reneging on its promises in several agreements and to enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm’s agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple. Source: Qualcomm Tags apple apple lawsuit ftc lawsuit qualcomm qualcomm apple lawsuit qualcomm ftc qualcomm lawsuit subscribe ... Previous Story Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments JD I'm not sure who I want to win here. I actually want both to lose. Knocking QC off their monopoly and Apple losing another strong arming battle against suppliers. Duder12 This is one of those really rare cases where you want the richest company on the planet to win. Bettyjmiller Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sq192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !sq192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopClipGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sq192c:....,...... davidofmidnight The only winner here will be the law firms. Jeff Beck Didn't read the article because I don't care, but your hero image is top notch. If I send you a picture of my mother-in-law can you add her in at the top? Michael Carr All aboard the Pork Chop Express! Powsniffer0110 So.... You WANT us to root for Apple now?!? Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 142k 105k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] Get the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Gen LTE for $179.99 ($220 off) on eBay 2017/04/08 7:15pm PDTApr 8, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 3 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 2017/04/11 6:54pm PDTApr 11, 2017 0 Facebook adds a group payments feature to Messenger 2017/04/11 6:17pm PDTApr 11, 2017 32 Anbox runs Android apps alongside desktop applications on Linux 2017/04/11 4:10pm PDTApr 11, 2017 2 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 41 Google fixes annoying page jumps in Chrome with page anchoring 2017/04/11 3:38pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 41 [Update: Message gone] Google Home app says multiple users are now supported 2017/04/11 2:30am PDTApr 11, 2017 44 Google fixes annoying page jumps in Chrome with page anchoring 2017/04/11 3:38pm PDTApr 11, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 Google AutoDraw uses machine learning to make a designer out of anyone 2017/04/11 5:26pm PDTApr 11, 2017 9 Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0 2017/04/11 6:54pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Last 7 Days 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 145 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 71 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 48 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 93 queries | 0.649s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, April 12, 2017 As of 4:59 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple MacBook no longer considered as best laptop due to premium pricing and limited options By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on April 12 2017 1:25 PM 0 0 0 0 The 2016 MacBook Pro replaces standard function keys with the new Touch Bar. Apple.Com/Mac The Apple MacBook has dropped to fifth place in a survey of the best and worst current laptop brands by Laptop Mag. The portable computer previously occupied the number one spot for quite a few years. There are a number of factors that contribute to the drop-off, including premium pricing and Apple’s dongle fascination. The Cupertino, California-based tech titan has been the king of the laptop mountain ever since the publication began surveying in 2010, but now it has been overtaken by Lenovo. The Chinese-American multinational electronics company made a huge impact with its unique line-up of devices that feature robust batteries, premium looks and new enhancements. “When 58 percent of your laptops get a rating of 4 stars or better, you’re having a great year,” says Laptop Mag. “Lenovo wowed us with laptops that had epic battery life (three different ThinkPads lasted more than 17 hours on a charge), gorgeous designs like the bezel-free screen on the Yoga 910 and innovative features like the Halo keyboard on the Yoga Book. The company also provided helpful support with no hold times in our tests.” Apple may have fallen rather from the top spot, but the survey does acknowledge its quality tech support and warranty options that are apparently “second to none.” Asus played second fiddle to Lenovo while Dell placed third. HP owned the fourth spot and Acer tied the Mac maker for fifth place on the chart. The latest Apple laptop is the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, which was launched during the iPhone maker’s October conference last year. There were no new MacBook and MacBook Air presented at the affair, and Apple ultimately let go of the 11-inch Air after the event. The most common criticisms aimed at the MacBook Pro revolve around its premium pricing and inadequate port options. The Touch Bar wasn’t exactly well-received either with its limited functionality compared to other laptops’ full-fledged multi-touch capabilities. The upcoming MacBook Pro 2017 unit is nonetheless keeping the Touch Bar. The 13-inch basic Pro model is reportedly going to sell for about US$2,199 (AU$2,898) while the 15-inch laptop with Touch Bar may carry a whopping US$4,249 (AU$5,599) price tag. If the estimated price of the iPhone 8 suggests anything, it’s that the new MacBook Pro variants could be priced even higher. The MacBook Pro 2017 is expected to furnish at least a 3,200 x 1,800 QHD+ display with Apple set on upgrading its Retina Display, which has been left for dead by other devices. A premium unit with up to 32 GB of RAM has also been pointed out in previous reports. RELATED STORIES: Apple iMac 2017 to reportedly launch in October with 64 GB RAM, Intel Xeon E3 and new keyboard Apple iMac Pro 2017 model launches later this year; No touchscreen display on board Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple iPhone 8 / Edition could have iPad-like pricing due to premium specs Apple Car venture still on-going: Project Titan reportedly operating in low-key fashion with 2021 target Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Amazon announces 30,000 part-time jobs across the US, offers access to benefits 0 Shares 2 Coal prices continue upward trend 0 Shares 3 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' wraps up production, release date likely in fall 2017 0 Shares 4 Marine species face serious threat with Great Barrier Reef devastation 0 Shares 5 NASA: Friday marks Jupiter’s closest approach to Earth in 2017 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Final scene of last episode written 0 Shares 7 Malcolm Turnbull, Indian PM to discuss free trade agreement 0 Shares 8 Raids, the next big thing in ‘Pokemon GO’ 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event 0 Shares 10 Why Diana Gabaldon calls 'Outlander' star Sam Heughan 'Sheugs' 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 United CEO finally apologises to dragged passenger, says company will ‘work to make it right’ New Optus and Yes TV fixed broadband plans More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East New book claims Stephen Curry's rise has annoyed LeBron James, Chris Paul and others NBA Draft 2017: There is no clear-cut No. 1 overall pick LeBron James, Cavaliers reunion would not have been possible if Heat beat Spurs in 2014: Report Golden State Warriors vs Utah Jazz live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Only Novak Djokovic can beat Rafael Nadal at French Open, according to Goran Ivanisevic Jordan Clarkson playing for Philippines in the future; Australia’s status as top favourite in FIBA Asia could be in danger More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Yooka-Laylee' is far from perfect ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event Xiaomi CEO confirms Mi 6 launch date Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus prototypes hint at dual cameras TSA refuses medicinal cannabis on flights, regrets error Facebook cracking down on ‘revenge porn’ More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Take That Australia tour 2017: Details on tour and tickets Queens of the Stone Age Australia 2017 tour: Complete itinerary and ticket details 'Supernatural' s12e17 spoilers and recap Iggy Azalea reveals massive weight loss secret, says twerking to 'Mo Bounce' helped ‘American Crime’ season 3 episode 5 spoiler: Shae considers another abortion, Dustin introduces the teen prostitute to new work ‘Once Upon A Time’ season 6 episode 16 spoilers: Henry in trouble More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 74°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Tuesday, April 11, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Status Report with Erica Corsano, Jonathan Soroff Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand How I added four hours of battery life to my smartphone every day for free Jennifer Jolly, USA TODAY Sunday, April 09, 2017 Credit: Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images There are simple steps to help you save battery life on an Android or iPhone. Turns out, closing apps is not one of them. comments I’ve had big-time battery drain issues on my last three iPhones. I just figured it was my fault — maybe I’m too addicted to apps, take too many photos, or just use my phone too much? It’s an issue I’ve gone to Apple for help with many times. But the Genius’s — Apple's retail support — were flummoxed, too. After the typical troubleshooting: Update iOS? Check. Adjust screen brightness? Check. Use Wi-Fi when possible, turn off location services, and tone down notifications? Check, check, and check again. Nothing seems to solve the issues. Maybe I got the phone wet? It was time to kick things up to the next level. I enlisted experts like Scotty Loveless, a former Apple Genius and iOS tech who told me this would not be another, “turn off every useful feature of iOS posts…” because those “really grind my gears.” Finally, someone speaking my language! With that said, here’s how I finally beat the worst of my battery battles — and now you can, too. #1 Start with your own battery test Your battery should only be doing its heavy lifting when you’re actually using your iPhone, and the rest of the time it should be relaxing in standby mode. Sometimes an app prevents your phone from going into standby and wreaks havoc on your battery life. Here’s how to test it: Go into Settings > Battery. Scroll all the way down to the bottom and you’ll find two numbers, one for Standby and one for Usage. Your Usage number should be way, way lower than your Standby number. If it’s not, you might have a problem, and you can confirm it by jotting down your Standby and Usage times and then clicking the lock button on your phone. Let it sit for about five minutes and then check the numbers again. If your Standby time is five minutes higher, you’re in good shape, but if your Usage time has bumped up by a more than a minute it’s a sign that your phone isn’t resting like it should. On Android, you can get the same information under Settings > Device > Battery (or Settings > Battery if you have a newer version of Android). The information on this menu is essentially the same as it is on an iPhone, and lists “Device Idle” which is the same as standby mode. If you find that your phone isn’t “resting” when you’re not using it, there’s likely a very clear reason, which brings us to #2. #2 Don’t push me When an app is doing things even when you’re not using it, it could be malfunctioning, and stuck in an endless loop that’s draining all your power. That’s what happened to me, with, of all things, one of the email accounts I had connected to my phone. Loveless picked up on this right away. “This happens unbelievably often, especially with Exchange push email,” he said. “I knew when you told me your phone typically dies within six hours of being off the charger, and the Standby and Usage are the same. Sometimes, these times are not the same because the ‘firmware is bad or corrupted,’ but this time it’s because push email is keeping the phone from sleeping properly.” The fix was simple. Go into Settings > Mail > Accounts> Fetch New Data. Mine was automatically set to Push. Loveless recommended that I set it turn that off temporarily and set it to Fetch every 15 to 30 minutes instead. You can also use the Manual mode, which only scans for new messages when you actually open the email app. You can also tweak the push settings to fetch new emails only every hour or so, which is also a big help. You don’t sacrifice timely email updates either, though you’ll still save the most power by disabling push emails altogether. On an Android phone, you can manage the push notification settings for any apps that use it by heading into Settings > Apps and then picking an app and tweaking its individual settings. #3 When background apps are the killer There are other times too when an app is running when you’re not using it and that’s called “Background App Refresh.” There are lots of reasons apps update in the background, like the Music app fetching new playlists, Facebook updating your social feeds, and even Pokemon Go keeping an eye on your steps so you can hatch eggs. It’s all in the name of convenience, but it might also be leaving you with a dead battery halfway through the afternoon. To check out which apps are eating up valuable power in the background go to Settings > Battery and you’ll see a list of the apps taking up your battery life, with the topmost app being the biggest power hog. If you see an app listed with “Background Activity” below it, that’s when you know it’s using power even when you’re not using it. Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, and streaming apps like Apple Music can be real demons in this department, so head to your Settings > General > Background App Refresh page and toggle off any apps you don’t want working overtime to save some serious juice. #4 Multitasking is OK Do you ever double-tap your home button and see all the apps your iPhone has suspended, waiting for you to go back to them? Whenever I do, I always close them out of instinct, thinking that they must be eating up battery life, right? Nope! In fact, Loveless says that closing apps from the multitasking menu can actually hurt the iPhone’s overall battery life, and for a totally logical reason. Just because you see an app sitting in the multitasking menu doesn’t mean it's actually using your battery life at all — it's just paused, sitting in the phone’s memory and not doing much of anything. When you close it, the phone shuts it down, but when you inevitably open the app back up, it forces your phone to load all that data back up again, and that means it’s using valuable power and ticking down your reserves. Just leave the apps alone and you’ll be doing yourself and your battery a favor. On Android, finding the apps that are running is as easy as pulling the top menu bar down, which brings up a list of the apps either running or paused. You can choose to close them, but again, the idea is that by leaving them on you’re actually saving more power, so just leave them be. #5 Low-power mode can add hours to your battery life Android and iOS both come with low-power features that let you turn off almost all of your phone’s extra features anytime and save tons of energy throughout the day. You can turn it on when the battery drops to 20% or much earlier — by going to Settings > Battery > Low Power Mode and switching it on. On Android, the battery saving feature kicks in automatically if you leave your settings as-is, but you can also manually turn it on by going to Settings > Battery then tap the menu icon and select “Battery Saver.” It can be a real life saver, and it has the bonus benefit of preventing even more battery stress by depleting a dying battery even further than it already is. There are other little things you can do, too, which many other writers have mentioned. But fixing the email and background activity issues on my own phone has already added more than FOUR HOURS of battery life back into my day. That’s nothing short of a miracle in my book. Related: Jennifer Jolly is an Emmy Award-winning consumer tech contributor and host of USA TODAY's digital video show TECH NOW. E-mail her at jj@techish.com. Follow her on Twitter @JenniferJolly.   More On: USA Today smartphone Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories real estate Angry neighbors confront developers o’ryan johnson business & markets Biz leaders rip state health care tax matt stout business & markets United CEO defends company amid fallout from ugly incident gone viral donna goodison business & markets Summer bridge project to divert traffic, halt area trains marie szaniszlo Trending Now President Johnson signs the Civil Rights Act #HeraldArchives 1968 #HeraldArchive This Day in History @BostonHerald… California elementary school shooter called estranged wife ‘an angel’ on his alleged Facebook Passenger: I can’t believe what happened on flight Airlines often oversell flights, end up bumping passengers Police say missing ex-Braves player found safe Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford and wife Kelly welcome twin girls Pope Francis opens free laundromat for homeless Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Aflo/REX/Shutterstock Apple may be working on game-changing iPhone battery tech Chris Smith @chris_writes April 11th, 2017 at 8:51 AM Share Tweet A few days ago, news broke that Apple plans to stop using Imagination’s GPU technology in iPhones at some point in the coming two years, as the iPhone maker is developing its own graphics chip for iOS devices. That may be great news for iPhone buyers, but Imagination’s stock tanked almost immediately, since losing iPhone business is a crucial hit for any parts supplier. Similar news came out on Tuesday, and it had the same effect on a different chipmaker. It turns out that Apple is looking to improve iPhone battery life by designing its own battery chips. Don't Miss: The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought Unlike Imagination a few days ago, Dialog did not confirm Apple’s plans. Bankhaus Lampe financial analyst Karsten Iltgen cut his rating on Dialog Semiconductor from “hold” to “sell,” saying in a research note seen by Reuters that Apple is working on its own battery-saving chips for the iPhone. This chip could replace Dialog’s power management integrated circuits (PMIC) as early as 2019. Dialog’s shares were down by as much as a 36%, Reuters explains, down to a seven-month low. Apple happened to account for more than 70% of Dialog’s 2016 sales, according to the analyst. This proves yet again how important Apple’s iPhone business really is, especially to smaller companies. Unnamed industry sources told Banhaus Lampe that Apple is setting up power management design centers in Munich and California, with as many as 80 engineers already working on a battery-saving chip for the iPhone. “In our view, there is strong evidence that Apple is developing its own PMIC and intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part,” Iltgen wrote. A different source familiar with the matter confirmed the news, saying that Apple is poaching Dialog engineers in Munich “like crazy.” If Dialog sounds familiar, that’s because the company’s endeavors have been linked to the iPhone 8 in recent months. An exciting rumor claimed the handset will support long-range wireless charging thanks to technology from Energous. Dialog’s partnership with Energous was seen as an indirect proof that Apple is interested in long-range wireless charging for the iPhone 8. But those rumors soon lost their appeal, as reports indicated the game-changing Energous technology isn’t ready for the iPhone. And if today’s report is accurate, Apple may never go for long-range wireless charging tech enabled by Dialog. Tags: Apple, Dialog, iPhone, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought 2 Tech It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 3 Lifestyle ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video 4 Tech We may have just uncovered another new iPhone 8 feature 5 Tech Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way Picked For You NES Classic Edition is in stock now on Amazon, and prices have dropped significantly By Maren Estrada April 10th at 8:20 AM Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Plus speed test: It’s not even close By Zach Epstein April 10th at 9:16 AM There’s only one thing keeping all these iPhone users from switching to the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein April 7th at 10:29 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content Search form Search ALL BROOKLYN, ALL THE TIME April 12, 2017 | Scattered clouds, 53 °F Follow us: Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube RSS Daily A.M. eBrief Weekly Print Edition Main menu Arts+Entertainment Bookbeat Business Calendar Courts+Law Education+Kids Health History LICH News Politics Real Estate Religion Sports Streetbeat Gowanus Inn And Yard Hotel Looking Close To Done On Union Street In Gowanus Bedford-Union Armory Developers To Staff Project With Union Workers Bed-Stuy Man Convicted Of Murdering Ex During Fight Over Child Support, DA Says Innocent Woman Grazed By Bullet Fired During East New York Fight Banned For Life, Brooklyn Expediter Accuses DOB Of 'Witch Hunt' City Council Members Intro Bills To Prevent Tenant Harassment Hunt For Grave Of Heroic Titanic Victim Leads Researcher To Brooklyn Cemetery Police ID Man Suspected Of Posing As Cop During Brooklyn Robberies Man Killed After Hit By Truck In Williamsburg Parking Lot Best Of Brooklyn: New Kingston Suspect In Assault Of East New York Maintenance Workers Man Attempted To Snatch 4-Month-Old Girl On Subway In Brownsville Nothin’ But Net: All-Brooklyn Girls' Basketball Honors DA: Community Board 6 Manager Stalked Ex After Hacking Into Uber Account NYCHA Farm Helps Feed Brownsville Tenants Dogs Rescued From Kill Shelters In South Find New Homes In Brooklyn Man's Fatal Fall From Williamsburg Building May Have Been Murder, Not Suicide, Cops Say Video: Suspect Pulls Gun During Altercation In Sunset Park Chloë Sevigny, Fearless And Finding Her Directorial Voice, Is At Nitehawk All Month Dance Studio Set To Move After Rent Hike In Prospect-Lefferts Gardens BROOKLYN TODAY       National Honor Flight to fly 50 NYC veterans to DC on April 29 National Honor Flight to fly 50 NYC veterans to DC on April 29 World War II veteran Harold Simmons (center) is surrounded by his family. From left: Curtis Simmons, Cassandra Simmons and Sharon Simmons. Eagle photos by John Alexander A salute to the heroes of the greatest generation By John Alexander Brooklyn Daily Eagle The Big Apple Honor Flight will make its maiden voyage from NYC to Washington, D.C. on April 29. The flight will carry 50 veterans from the New York City area, most of who served in WW II, for a day-long visit to the country’s capital to visit landmarks such as Arlington National Cemetery, the Lincoln Memorial, the Korean War Veterans Memorial, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and the World War II Memorial. On Sunday, April 10, an orientation was held for the veterans at Congregation Mt. Sinai Synagogue at 250 Cadman Plaza West. They were accompanied by family members or guardians who would be joining them on their journey to the capital. The orientation included a meet and greet and a performance by Master Sgt. Mary Kay Messenger, a gifted vocalist who serenaded the soldiers and their families with songs from the war years. Big Apple Honor Flight Vice Chairman and Co-Founder Brian Maher and his wife Becky hosted the event and welcomed guests. Maher explained that the orientation was set up so that the veterans could meet and get to know each other, share their stories and learn the details of what to expect on the flight, which will be taking off from John F. Kennedy International Airport. “We have Pearl Harbor survivors, we have concentration camp liberators, we have soldiers who were at D-Day, Guadalcanal, Iwo-Jima, individuals who were in some of the most important battles in WWII,” Maher said. He then thanked Toba Patosky, president of the Cadman Park Conservancy/Brooklyn War Memorial, who helped recruit a majority of the veterans for this flight from Brooklyn. Potosky has been instrumental in rehabbing the WW II Memorial at 195 Cadman Plaza West. Among those attending was Seymour Kaplan, now 92, who was 17 years old when he helped liberate Dachau concentration camp on April 29, 1945. Kaplan told the Brooklyn Eagle, “It’s just so nice to see so many guys here who were kids when I was a kid.” The Honor Flight marks the anniversary of that day 73 years ago. Veteran John Cortese Sr., 92, was there with his son John Jr. He told the Eagle, “I don’t think about myself. It’s the ones who never came back that I think about. I mean, God was good to me. I’m 92 and I didn’t think I was going to live to be 21 when I was in Normandy and I saw what was going on. I thought, ‘I’m not going to be 21.’ But I was lucky and God was good. I almost lost my life six or seven times, but I prayed, ‘Please God, not now,’ and He listened to me.” Another war hero, Harold Simmons, 92, was born and raised in Williamsburg. “I reminisce about those days all the time, I was stationed in the Philippines,” he told the Eagle. “We were there first when they chased [General] MacArthur out of there. He said, ‘I shall return,’ and I returned with him and we made it. We made it.” Maher explained that the organizers of this flight are from the Hudson Valley Honor Flight and several other Honor Flight organizations. And together they’ve organized 15 flights throughout the state. They are part of the National Honor Flight network which has more than 100 hubs throughout the entire country and has taken hundreds of thousands of WW II veterans on honor flights over the last ten years. Maher thanked sponsor realtor Jeff Gural of Newmark Holdings who helped raise funds for the flight and donated his own money to the effort. He also thanked key players including independent filmmaker Joe Allen, who is making a documentary about the flight; Bay Ridge Boy Scout Troop 13, who presented the colors; state Sen. Marty Golden; and the United War Veterans Council. Master Sgt. Mary Kay Messenger performed poignant renditions of 1940s favorites “Sentimental Journey,” “I’ll Be Seeing You,” “Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy” and “God Bless America.” She sang to the soldiers and even danced with a few, including Harold Radish, a prisoner of war who was held for four months on the border of Germany and France. The orientation brought a remarkable group of combat veterans together for the first time. After hearing their heartfelt stories, many in the room shared some tears, some laughter, but mostly pride for these true heroes who sacrificed so much so long ago. April 11, 2017 - 8:32pm Related Articles Mayor: Help with housing for seniors, vets, low income Mayor Bill de Blasio announced on Friday two initiatives to help seniors, veterans and low-income families with their rent. … Full Article Vets march with battle-scarred Brooklyn flag in NYC Veterans Day Parade A group of Brooklyn vets marched in the America’s Parade -- the largest Veterans Day Parade in the country -- proudly carrying a scorched and battered flag of the borough of Brooklyn.  … Full Article Pols honor veterans with wreaths, certificates, breakfast Elected officials in Southwest Brooklyn didn’t wait for Nov. 11 to honor local veterans. … Full Article View the discussion thread. BDE TWITTER FEED Tweets by @BklynEagle Most Popular Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year Terms and Conditions About Us Contact Us Subscribe Contribute © 2014 Everything Brooklyn Media
Login All Reviews Editorials News Western Digital Brings USB-C to G-Drive, Giving Photographers New Choice NVIDIA's Pascal Drivers for macOS Available, but Still Beta Instagram Update Combines Disappearing Video and Photos with Direct Messages Tips Google's AutoDraw Turns Your Ugly Scrawls Into Line Art, Here's How to Use It iOS: How to Print to PDF from Any App on iPhone and iPad Podcasts Apple Music Nails It, Dumping Dialog Semiconductor - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-11 TMO Background Mode Interview with KGW TV Anchor & Digital Trends Host Stephanie Stricklen View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Your Teenager is Mesmerized by the iPhone, and You're Powerless to Stop it Saturday Night Live to Produce Real Commercials for Apple and Verizon FCC Chairman Has Delusional Plan to (Un)Protect Net Neutrality View All Editorials → Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over ‘Tick Different’ Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts Apr 11th, 2017 6:26 PM EDT | Editorial Apple is going to court again, this time in Switzerland. Cupertino is going up against Swiss watchmaker Swatch because of the timepiece manufacturer’s latest advertising slogan, “Tick Different.” I’m sure you all immediately recognize the reference – Apple’s 1990s “Think Different” ad campaign. Cupertino launched a salvo against Swatch last week with the Swiss Federal Administrative Court, according to Watson. Is Swatch just poaching Apple’s slogan with this advertising campaign? (Image Credit: Swatch) The History of ‘Think Different’ Ad agency TBWA\Chiat\Day came up with the idea that Cupertino was devoted to always “Think Different” when Apple was struggling. The slogan ran alongside black-and-white photos of famous visionaries from 1997 until 2002. One of the spots, voiced by Richard Dreyfus, even won an Emmy in 1998. The ad series went on to win the 2000 Grand Effie Award for the most effective campaign in America. Apple’s “Think Different” campaign featured images of visionaries like Mahatma Gandhi (Image Credit: Afflictor.com) What About ‘Tick Different’? Yes, it’s true that the two phrases are remarkably similar. Swatch CEO Nick Hayek says it’s all a big coincidence. The new slogan, Mr. Hayek says, actually dates back to the 1980s advertising campaign featuring the phrase “Always different, always new”. Personally, I think that’s a load of horse puckey. This isn’t the first time Swatch has moved in to nab up one of Apple’s catch phrases. For that matter, the two companies have been at each others’ collective throats for years. The Swiss company attempted to block Apple’s trademark application for “iWatch” in the United Kingdom. The company claimed the name was too similar to Swatch’s existing “iSwatch” mark. The companies have also argued over the phrase “one more thing” within the past two years. It’s From a TV Show, not a Steve Jobs Keynote In 2015, Swatch beat out Cupertino in a trademark dispute over the phrase “one more thing.” The late Apple CEO famously used that to preface a surprise announcement at a keynote event. The Swiss watchmaker correctly argued that the phrase was actually coined by the television series Columbo. Swatch used the slogan to advertise a collection of film noir watches. ‘There Is No Such Thing as a New Idea’ In Mark Twain’s autobiography, the author mused about where inspiration comes from. His argument stressed the idea that a “new idea” wasn’t really possible. According to Mr. Twain, the sheer amount of knowledge mankind already possessed made such a thing impossible. here is no such thing as a new idea. It is impossible. We simply take a lot of old ideas and put them into a sort of mental kaleidoscope. We give them a turn and they make new and curious combinations. We keep on turning and making new combinations indefinitely; but they are the same old pieces of colored glass that have been in use through all the ages. Give It a Rest, Cupertino I’m all for protecting intellectual property, but sometimes you just gotta let it go. Yes, there’s a striking similarity between “Think Different” and “Tick Different”, but only in terms of pace and construction. The meanings are completely different, pardon the unintentional pun. Cupertino stressed in their use of the slogan that they were innovating and thinking “outside the box”. Meanwhile, Swatch is implying that their watches are different – and they are. Nobody can argue that a Swatch timepiece is similar to the Apple Watch. The watch market is the only arena in which the two companies actually compete for attention. This is one of those instances where Apple is within its rights to protect its trademark. However, that doesn’t necessarily make it right. Cupertino hasn’t really been using “Think Different” in the last seven years. Yes, it’s been included in the box packaging specification sheet for iMac computers since 2009. However, the tech giant doesn’t use the phrase at all within its advertising campaigns for the Apple Watch. Swatch and Cupertino don’t compete in any other market, so why worry about the slogan? Personally, I think Apple needs to let the matter rest. It may be true that many consumers associate “Think Different” with the maker of all things “i”. Still, the slogan is fading from memory. For the past 12 years, Cupertino hasn’t actively used the catch phrase, other than in iMac packaging, for 12 years. Other creators have parodied the phrase without challenge. There’s no hint of that advertising campaign in the spots for Apple Watch. I doubt that Cupertino will prove to the Swiss court that at least 50 percent of consumers still associate “Think Different” with Apple branding. If Apple fails to convince the Swiss Federal Administrative Court of that, then it’s game over anyways. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, Swatch, Think Different, Tick Different 5 Comments Add a comment geoduck April 11, 2017 Sorry but I must admit I completely, utterly, totally disagree. Apple has no choice. Apple HAS to protect their intellectual property. To let one slide will encourage others. The rules of business require that a publically traded corporation protect their property, whether that means a slogan, or the design of the iPhone, or the fit and feel of their OS or chasing sleeping homeless off of their Cupertino Campus. It is part of doing business. I agree a slogan they used fifteen years ago is pretty unimportant. But it would set a precedent. The next thing you know you’ll have iPhone plastered on all sorts of things. So as petty as this is if Swatch didn’t try to do a deal, they have to go after them. April 11, 2017 at 6:50 EDT PM CudaBoy April 11, 2017 Never mind the fact that Apple stole Think Different from D, D, & B’s ’59 through 60’s ad campaign for VW Beetle’s Think Different right down to the minimalist look – Apple used Garamond font and VW used Helvetica or Myriad and Apple later copied that Myriad for all “i” devices. I don’t think the unoriginal copycat Apple designers have a chance in court on this one. April 11, 2017 at 7:00 EDT PM Jeff Butts April 11, 2017 @geoduck, I respect your position. However, Apple’s already let the issue slide in other regards. A number of parodies of “Think Different” went unnoticed, for example. For example, during “Steam’s release on Mac OS X, Valve released a Left 4 Dead–themed advertisement featuring Francis, whose in-game spoken lines involve him hating various things. The given slogan is ‘I hate different.’ Subsequently, for Team Fortress 2’s release on Mac, a trailer was released which concludes with ‘Think bullets’. April 11, 2017 at 9:29 EDT PM Scott B in DC April 11, 2017 Jeff, there is a different between parodies and commerical use of a trademarked marketing by a major organization. Parodies are covered under free speech, commerical use of a trademark is not. Using a slogan “I hate different” would be difficult to defend on an intrusion on a copyright. Apple has grounds to defend its trademark. All this means is that a judge will not throw out the case on a summary judgement. A judge will rule that there is a case and that there is a possibility that Apple could win. The case would go forward until either they settle or the case is heard in court. As for your relevance comment, McDonald’s defended its name against a family in (I think) Pennsylvania who opened a clothing store with named McDonald. It was their name but the corporation prevailed because they were first. These types of cases occurr all of the time. Some of them became public in the early days of the dot-com boom when people were buying names similar to national names. This is why ICANN issued the rules to ensure that trademark names are not infringed on. You may not like that Apple is defending their trademark, and that’s not the problem. To argue their legal standing may be a bit out of your league! April 11, 2017 at 10:31 EDT PM Jeff Butts April 11, 2017 True, Scott, arguing Apple’s legal standing is way out of my league. I’m a writer and an educator, not a lawyer. My final position is that just because Apple has a right to do it doesn’t mean it’s right to do it. April 11, 2017 at 10:33 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Jeff Butts | April 11, 2017 Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Bryan Chaffin | April 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $141.63 -1.54 (-1.08%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Western Digital Brings USB-C to G-Drive, Giving Photographers New Choice NVIDIA's Pascal Drivers for macOS Available, but Still Beta Instagram Update Combines Disappearing Video and Photos with Direct Messages Apple Reportedly Moving to its Own iPhone Power Management Chips in 2019 Watch Out, Imagination Technologies, Because Apple is Hiring More GPU Designers Recent Tips See All » Google's AutoDraw Turns Your Ugly Scrawls Into Line Art, Here's How to Use It iOS: How to Print to PDF from Any App on iPhone and iPad Tip: Lock Clips Recording With This Simple Trick iOS: What to Do When Your iPhone Gets Too Warm macOS Sierra: How to Disable the Dashboard Recent Editorials See All » Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Your Teenager is Mesmerized by the iPhone, and You're Powerless to Stop it Saturday Night Live to Produce Real Commercials for Apple and Verizon FCC Chairman Has Delusional Plan to (Un)Protect Net Neutrality 14992 Jeff Butts editorial 5 1491935177 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | List of old phones that are worth buying in 2017 List of old phones that are worth buying in 2017 Old Smartphones That Are Worth Buying in 2017 Published: Wednesday, April 12, 2017, 7:30 [IST] Buying a new mid-range smartphone or old flagship smartphone is entirely subjective. But, instead of buying a new smartphone with a sub-par performance, you can jump into a yesteryear classic that can give you far good experience. While the new mid-ranger may come with the trendiest design, the old flagship, on the other hand, were designed to be the best their respective brand has to offer. For a change, in this article, we backed up the above viewpoint and compiled a list of last year flagship model, that would be worth buying it right now. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Samsung Galaxy S7 The Samsung Galaxy S7 is one of the best phones in Android even after the launch of it successor -- Galaxy S8. In terms of both performance and design, the Galaxy S7 passed with flying colors, which is known pretty much to all. Talking about the specifications, this smartphone pack a 5.1-inch Quad HD, powered by an Octa-Core Exynos 8 Octa 8890 SoC, run Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). It also has a 12MP Dual pixel rear camera with LED flash, OIS, and a 5MP front snapper as well. Apple iPhone 6s Even after the launch of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, the iPhone 6s still is a great phone. Saying this, iPhone 6s has a good selling value too during an exchange on e-commerce store. The iPhone 6S also introduced 3D Touch, Apple's version of a pressure sensitive display that is also found on the newer model. Even though it's not an Apple's flagship anymore, but it will surely give you Apple's premium experience. On the specification part, the Apple iPhone 6s comes packed with 4.7 Inch Retina HD Display With 3D Touch, A9 Chip With 64-Bit Architecture Embedded M9 Motion Coprocessor, 12MP iSight Camera, 5MP Front Camera and much more. SEE ALSO: Sony Xperia XZs goes on sale in India via Flipkart and offline retail stores OnePlus 3 Soon after the flop show OnePlus 2, the OnePlus launched its third version in the market that led to an unimaginable success for the company. Known for its flagship killer title, this smartphone offers excellent performance and design that cannot be ignored at all. This smartphone comes with a metal unibody design and packs a 5.5-inch AMOLED display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor, 6GB RAM, 64GB inbuilt memory and much more. LG G5 Known for its unique design factor, LG launched LG G5 smartphone last year with a modular design that received positive word of mouth both from critics and masses. It also comes with a dual rear camera setup that offers amazing picture quality. On the specification part, it comes packed with a 5.3-inch display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 16MP and 8MP rear camera, 8MP front camera and removable 2800mAh battery too. It also has companion devices called LG Friends that can be transformed into a digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more, Xiaomi Mi 5 In an attempt to counter OnePlus 3, Xiaomi launched Mi5 smartphone in the market with high-end specification at half the cost what other company offers for their flagship mobiles. Compared to Mi4, this smartphone came with a design overhaul that looks amazing. This device packs a 5.15-inch display, Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 3GB of RAM, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with MIUI 7 on top. It has a 16MP camera on the back with dual-tone LED flash and a 4MP front-facing camera.     Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Xiaomi Mi 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 22,990 Specs Competitors Images 48,671 Specs Competitors Images Gallery   |   8 Photos Xiaomi Mi 5s +See All Read More About android | smartphones | samsung galaxy s7 | flagship | news Other articles published on Apr 12, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Sony launched super thin digital paper tablet DPT-RP1 for just $700 Global IT spending forecast to grow 1.4% to $3.5 trillion in 2017 Lephone W7 with 4G VoLTE launched at Rs. 4,599; supports 22 regional languages Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Reliance Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer FAQs: Get answers to your questions It is time to wave Goodbye to Windows Vista Xiaomi Mi 6, Mi 6 Plus prices are out; April 19 launch confirmed Galaxy S8 expected to receive Android 7.1 shortly AMD launched Ryzen 5 CPUs in India starting at Rs. 12,199 Vodafone offers 4GB data on 4G upgrade Samsung Galaxy S8's Bixby Assistant to expand Functionality in Q4 The “@” symbol – Things that are surprisingly older in the internet List of old phones that are worth buying in 2017 How to control your Android smartphone using your computer Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Future Foldable OLED Displays will Replace Indium Tin Oxide (ITO) with Breakthrough Graphene | Main April 11, 2017 Apple PC Shipments Declined in the Q1 2017 in the U.S. while Growing 4.5% Outside the U.S.   Worldwide PC shipments totaled 62.2 million units in the first quarter of 2017, a 2.4 percent decline from the first quarter of 2016, according to preliminary results by Gartner, Inc. The first quarter of 2017 was the first time since 2007 that the PC market experienced shipments below 63 million units in a quarter. Mikako Kitagawa, principal analyst at Gartner added that "The top three vendors — Lenovo, HP and Dell — will battle for the large-enterprise segment.   Gartner noted that "The market has extremely limited opportunities for vendors below the top three, with the exception of Apple, which has a solid customer base in specific verticals."   HP was the only PC vendor to grow both in the US and around the world. While Apple's PC shipments experienced about a 1% decline in the U.S., they showed growth of 4.5% outside the U.S.   The competition among the top three vendors intensified in the first quarter of 2017. Lenovo and HP were in a virtual tie for the top spot. Lenovo accounted for 19.9 percent of worldwide PC shipments (see Table 1), followed by HP with 19.5 percent share, and Dell at 15 percent share. Lenovo's growth exceeded the regional average in all key regions except the U.S.   HP showed the strongest growth among the top six vendors, as its global PC shipments increased 6.5 percent in the first quarter of 2017. HP's shipments grew in all regions, and it did especially well in the U.S. market, where it had a 15.9 percent increase in PC shipments while all other vendors fell into negative territory.   One of the disadvantages for Apple in Gartner's statistics is that the iPad is excluded while Windows based equivalents like Microsoft's Surface is counted. Apple would have shown growth in the U.S. should iPads have counted.   Gartner Notes: "Data includes desk-based PCs, notebook PCs and ultramobile premiums (such as Microsoft Surface), but not Chromebooks or iPads. All data is estimated based on a preliminary study. Final estimates will be subject to change. The statistics are based on shipments selling into channels. Numbers may not add up to totals shown due to rounding."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on April 11, 2017 at 07:49 PM in 7. Apple / Market Statistics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Future Foldable OLED Displays will Replace Indium Tin Oxide (ITO) with Breakthrough Graphene Samsung will Reportedly Field Test Foldout Smartphones this fall Apple Granted 64 Patents Today Covering Apple Pencil for the iPhone, Music Recognition for Siri and an iPhone 6 Design Rumor: Apple may Replace Dialog Semiconductor's Power Management Chips with its own In-House Designs in 2019 Apple Unlikely to win their Case against Swatch for the use of 'Tick Different' on their Watches Qualcomm Fires Back at Apple with Counterclaims Lawsuit Claiming Breach of Contract and more While Apple is set to hit the Restart Button for the Mac Pro, it's the Smartphone Revolution Part 2 that's far more important Google in Negotiations with LG on new OLED Plant and Joint R&D Project Regarding Foldable Smartphones Samsung Reinvents the Phablet with a Retractable Display, 3D Touch, Dual Projectors to Deliver Content and more Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Opinions 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Samsung takes smartphone top spot from Apple in Q1 The Galaxy J series helped Samsung ship more than Apple again for the first quarter of 2017, but TrendForce estimates market demand for flagship phones will be relatively weak as consumers hold on for the 10th anniversary iPhone this fall. By Cho Mu-Hyun | April 12, 2017 -- 01:20 GMT (18:20 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Samsung Electronics took 26.1 percent market share in the first quarter of 2017, becoming the largest vendor in the quarter ahead of Apple's 16.9 percent, TrendForce said. Apple was number one in the fourth quarter of last year with 20.3 percent, while Samsung was 18.5 percent. The South Korean tech giant's sales results for its high-end smartphones fell short of expectations in the first quarter as consumer confidence in the brand had yet to fully recover from the recall of Galaxy Note 7, the market consultancy said. Latest news on Asia Galaxy S8 Plus 128GB initial stock sells out in Korea ​Huawei ups cloud ante, US market remains elusive ​OLED made using graphene developed by Korean research agency Why Accenture is the benchmark Indian IT urgently needs to adopt to survive the H-1B fallout ​Google's AlphaGo to take on world Go champion The price-competitive Galaxy J series contributed significantly to sustain shipment, it said. Non-Apple vendors, including Samsung which just launched the Galaxy S8, will see their shipment flatten until the second half of the year due to consumers holding off on their purchases for the 10th anniversary iPhone, due in the third quarter, the consultancy said. Apple is reportedly preparing three versions of the phone with the premium one expected to sport an OLED display for the first time. Cupertiono will likely lower the production of existing iPhone models in the second quarter to prepare for the launch of the new ones in the fall, TrendForce said. Meanwhile, Huawei was ranked third with 11.4 percent, followed by Oppo's 8.1 percent and Vivo's 6.2 percent, in the first quarter. LG was ranked sixth with 4.6 percent. Total shipment for the quarter was 307 million, a drop of 23 percent from the previous quarter. Fourth quarter volume is usually the highest thanks to the holiday season, while first quarters are lower as vendors brace for new releases in the spring. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung: Galaxy S8 won't ship with Bixby's voice assistant at launch Mobility Galaxy S8 Plus 128GB initial stock sells out in Korea Mobility TPG to build AU$1.6b Australian mobile network with 700MHz spectrum buy Mobility Vodafone Australia wins 700MHz mobile broadband spectrum × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple turns (RED) with more ways than ever to join the fight against AIDS Starting tomorrow through December 6, Apple is donating $1 to (RED)’s mission for every purchase made with Apple Pay at any Apple store, on Apple.com or through the Apple Store app, up to $1 million. Bank of America will also make a donation for every Apple Pay transaction using its cards, also up to $1 million. Customers around the world can also easily donate directly to (RED) through iTunes. In the US, iTunes Movies is offering a free download of The Lazarus Effect, the documentary about the mission of (RED). The Killers’ holiday album, Don’t Waste Your Wishes, is exclusively available on iTunes featuring all 10 of their holiday singles, as well as a new track “I’ll Be Home for Christmas,” with 100 percent of the proceeds in the US going to the Global Fund. Over the past 10 years, 70 million lives have been impacted by (RED)-supported Global Fund grants. At the start of Apple’s partnership with (RED), 1,200 babies were born with HIV every day, and today, UNAIDS predicts that number could be near zero by the year 2020, with the end of AIDS by 2030. With the life-saving medication costing as little as 30 cents a day, every person can make a difference. Through these efforts we’ll get that much closer to helping (RED) create an AIDS-free generation. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Marché Saint-Germain opens in Paris Next PostNext Free Hour of Code workshops December 5 through 11 at every Apple Store Search Recent Posts Visitor diversity drives TOP 10 Holiday Parks to rebrand It’s always hard to buy a home – Report Virtual Reality Immersion at eLearnit Conference in Bahrain Liberty House Buyers Makes The Front Page “Sell my House Fast Dallas” White’s Pools Brings Significant Upgrades to Existing Website Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News “Designed by Apple in California” chronicles 20 years of Apple design “Designed by Apple in California” — Small  Starts at $199 (US) in small (10.20” x 12.75”)  Available beginning tomorrow, Wednesday, November 16, exclusively from Apple.com in Australia, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, the UK and the US, and select Apple Stores.1 Available at the following US retail locations: Apple SoHo, Apple Fifth Avenue, Apple Upper East Side, Apple Williamsburg and Apple World Trade Center in New York; Apple The Grove in Los Angeles and Apple Third Street in Santa Monica; Apple North Michigan Avenue in Chicago; Apple Lincoln Road in Miami; Apple Northpark in Dallas; Apple Union Square in San Francisco; Apple Palo Alto and Apple Infinite Loop in Cupertino. The book is on display at the Apple Stores where it is sold. “Designed by Apple in California” — Large  Starts at $299 (US) in large (13” x 16.25”)  Available beginning tomorrow, Wednesday, November 16, exclusively from Apple.com in Australia, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, the UK and the US, and select Apple Stores.1 Available at the following US retail locations: Apple SoHo, Apple Fifth Avenue, Apple Upper East Side, Apple Williamsburg and Apple World Trade Center in New York; Apple The Grove in Los Angeles and Apple Third Street in Santa Monica; Apple North Michigan Avenue in Chicago; Apple Lincoln Road in Miami; Apple Northpark in Dallas; Apple Union Square in San Francisco; Apple Palo Alto and Apple Infinite Loop in Cupertino. The book is on display at the Apple Stores where it is sold. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Free Hour of Code workshops December 5 through 11 at every Apple Store Next PostNext Upright Technologies Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For Upright GO Search Recent Posts Visitor diversity drives TOP 10 Holiday Parks to rebrand It’s always hard to buy a home – Report Virtual Reality Immersion at eLearnit Conference in Bahrain Liberty House Buyers Makes The Front Page “Sell my House Fast Dallas” White’s Pools Brings Significant Upgrades to Existing Website Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Free Hour of Code workshops December 5 through 11 at every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple turns (RED) with more ways than ever to join the fight against AIDS Next PostNext “Designed by Apple in California” chronicles 20 years of Apple design Search Recent Posts Visitor diversity drives TOP 10 Holiday Parks to rebrand It’s always hard to buy a home – Report Virtual Reality Immersion at eLearnit Conference in Bahrain Liberty House Buyers Makes The Front Page “Sell my House Fast Dallas” White’s Pools Brings Significant Upgrades to Existing Website Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Industry qualcomm Qualcomm is suing Apple for intentionally hindering chipsets on some iPhones After Apple sued them this January, Qualcomm is countersuing now and it's getting ugly By William Gayde on Apr 11, 2017, 6:22 PM TechSpot The patent wars are still raging in the tech industry. Earlier this year, Apple sued Qualcomm for about $1 billion over royalties. Not to be outdone, Qualcomm is hitting back by countersuing Apple and yesterday Qualcomm filed its Answer and Counterclaims relating to January lawsuit. The full lawsuit is 139 pages (download link), but it boils down to Apple deliberately hindering the performance of Qualcomm chips in certain iPhone 7 models to make Intel chips look better. The five key statements are as follows. That Apple: Breached agreements and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm; Interfered with Qualcomm's long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple; Encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements; Chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm's modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems; and Threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. Qualcomm underscored Apple's reliance on them in their statement that "Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies." By choosing to not utilize some of the high-performance features of the newer chipsets, Qualcomm is claiming that the customers could not enjoy the full extent of their innovation. Apple had been using chipsets from both Qualcomm and Intel in some of their iPhone 7 models. Qualcomm believes their chips outperformed the Intel ones and that "Apple's actions were intended to prevent consumers from realizing that iPhones containing Qualcomm chipsets performed far better than iPhones containing chipsets supplied by Intel." Apple's response was that there was "no discernible difference" between the two chipsets. The lawsuit seeks damages from this as well as for Apple to stop interfering with deals between manufacturers and mobile components. Apple has responded to the suit by saying that "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Both lawsuits against each other allege some form of extortion based on patents or chip technologies. Patent lawsuits can be brutal and this one seems to be getting messier every month. Related Reads Apple is selling refurbished iPhones for $80 to $110 less Apple may announce iWatch alongside new iPhones next month Apple expects to sell more than 10 million iPhones on opening weekend 1 comment 120 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple ends graphics chip deal, turns to in-house GPU development Little data analytics: Not every business is suited for big data Amazon, Microsoft, and Google want to own the Cloud Popular 38 comments AMD Ryzen 5 1600X & 1500X Review The Best Mice 24 comments Windows Vista has reached its End of Life day Little data analytics Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Fitbit Reportedly Struggling With Smartwatch Development The company may also have Bluetooth headphones in the works. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Apr 11, 2017 at 7:48PM Activity tracker maker Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) has made its smartwatch ambitions abundantly clear: A full-fledged smartwatch that supports third-party apps is in the pipeline, and will leverage the recent acquisitions of Coin, Pebble, and Vector. What's been less clear is the timing that Fitbit has been targeting to unveil and launch the product in order to defend from the impending threat of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch. Yahoo! Finance is reporting that Fitbit was originally hoping to launch its smartwatch this spring, but various problems during development have delayed the timeline to the fall, citing two anonymous sources. The GPS antenna had to be redesigned to improve signal performance, and waterproofing continues to be a difficult nut for Fitbit to crack. Waterproofing is quickly becoming table stakes for smartwatches, among other gadget categories; it's one of the headline features of Apple Watch Series 2. "definitely not sexy" According to the report, the smartwatch will include integrated GPS, heart-rate monitoring, as well as contactless payments (which is where Coin's NFC technology comes into play). The device will be able to store music locally and hopes to offer battery life of four days, significantly better than the Apple Watch's daily charging needs. Wearables must also factor in fashion preferences, and Fitbit will offer swappable bands just like its larger rival. Fitbit is supposedly targeting a $300 starting price point, which would represent a further move upmarket; the Surge is currently Fitbit's most expensive product at $250. Fitbit Blaze. Image source: Fitbit. Yahoo! Finance was able to review a slide deck that Fitbit has shared with retail partners, and says the device looks similar to the current Blaze. One of the sources said, "It was very retro-looking with the lines and stuff -- definitely not sexy." Ouch. The design reportedly also had a few critics internally. The Blaze is rather bizarre looking with its boxy shape, and it could be a mistake to borrow design cues from that product. Two new product categories for the price of...two Fitbit may be looking to encroach on Apple's turf. The company is reportedly working on a set of Bluetooth headphones to accompany the forthcoming smartwatch. While Apple has long made headphones, the Mac maker bought its way to the top of the premium headphone market with Beats a few years back. Fitbit's headphones will reportedly look similar to what Apple and Beats offer, and will come in two colors. Headphones would represent an entirely new category for Fitbit to jump into. Beyond wearable fitness trackers and watches, the only other product that Fitbit offers is a Wi-Fi smart scale that allows users to monitor and track health data such as weight and body mass index. Expanding into headphones risks becoming a distraction when Fitbit should be focused predominantly on its smartwatch. It just laid off 6% of its staff (110 employees) a few months ago as it tries to become "more focused and efficient." Jumping into a category where it has little to no experience and probably has little to offer in terms of differentiating factors undermines the concurrent goals of focus and cost savings. The saving grace here is that the smartwatch market is stalling as consumers continue to debate the category's value proposition. Fitbit has some time to keep working on its smartwatch, but it needs to keep its focus; delays beyond 2017 would be hard to justify. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends YHOO. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 7:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $5.58 down $0.19 (-3.29%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? Can Fitbit Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 10% Pop? Can Fitbit Inc's Executive Shakeup Fix its Broken Business? What To Expect From Fitbit in 2017 Fitbit’s Management Reveals Plans for Smartwatch Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Fitbit Reportedly Struggling With Smartwatch Development @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $FIT
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s Clips App Sees 1 Million Downloads In First 4 Days By Tyler Lee on 04/11/2017 18:01 PDT Back in March Apple made a surprise announcement when they revealed that they had a new app called “Clips”. Given that Apple doesn’t release new apps all that often or apps of this nature, like we said, we were surprised. The app was then made available for download last week and as it turns out, it has proven to be a hit. According to a report from TechCrunch, they quote numbers provided by App Annie in which it was revealed that Clips was actually downloaded a million times during its first four days of availability. It also managed to reach number 28 on the App Store at its peak, which many are saying isn’t that impressive given how much coverage and promotion Apple is giving to the app. It also seems that excitement surrounding the app quickly faded because after peaking at number 28, it slipped to the 39th position on Saturday, before dropping to 40 on Sunday. As it stands it is sitting at number 69 on the Top Charts for free apps, although this still did considerably better than Apple’s previous efforts which was Music Memos. However 1 million downloads is still pretty impressive, especially when you consider that it is more or less an iOS exclusive. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about Apps and iOS. Related Articles 2017-04-11 Google Wants To Eliminate Page Jumps In Latest Version Of Chrome 2017-04-11 Instagram Direct Brings Together Permanent And Disappearing Messages 2017-04-11 The Weather Channel App Now Has Lyft Integration 2017-04-10 Google’s Inbox Now Rolling Out High Priority Notifications Option 2017-04-10 Apple Could Drop 32-bit App Support Entirely With iOS 11 2017-04-06 Apple’s ‘Clips’ App Now Available For Download 2017-04-05 Microsoft Launches ‘Who’s In’ App For Apple’s iMessage 2017-04-04 Starbucks iMessage App Updated With Support For Gift Cards Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
Successes, failures and a finale | Bangkok Post: tech News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More TECHNOLOGY Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Technology Homepage World updates Local news Reviews Apps Mobile & tablets Computers Gadgets Buy & sell Tech > Reviews > Gadgets Successes, failures and a finale 12 Apr 2017 at 04:00 431 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: LIFE | WRITER: GRAHAM K. ROGERS iMacs. Photos Courtesy of Apple - + On May 2, Apple will announce its Second Quarter Results for 2017. The conference call is scheduled for 2pm Cupertino Time on Tuesday, which is around 4am Wednesday here. In the next couple of weeks we can expect a series of comments about how Apple will fail; and on how it should spend its cash on buying companies. Ignore these: Apple does its own thing and is usually right in the long run. Over the years, however, Apple has produced some unsuccessful products. With a recent lack of upgrades to Macs, there were countless comments that Apple had lost interest in the computer side of the business, despite what executives like CEO Tim Cook said. It should be remembered that if Apple sold off its Mac unit, it would be a Fortune 500-sized business, so it may be worth hanging on to for now. The recent MacBook Pro release did little to lessen the comments with its thinness, limited processor improvement and the Touch Bar. This was criticised by many, particularly those who had never used it. My own experience of the feature has shown that it can be easily incorporated into my workflow. Since it was introduced, more features have been added as developers include Touch Bar accessibility in their applications. Phil Schiller, Apple senior vice-president of worldwide marketing. photo: photographer This was demonstrated to me recently using Final Cut. I have found the Touch Bar provides access to quick actions and sliders, which would normally need a new user like me to learn keystrokes and use menus. And then there was the Mac Pro. The black, cylindrical successor to the aluminium enclosure that had been used by the G5 Power PC then as the Mac Pro was introduced with much fanfare then stopped dead. The former Mac Pro could be upgraded fairly easily, but the current device relied heavily on external storage. Despite its clever internal design that had 2 GPUs it was not upgraded at all after release. With recent criticisms of the stagnancy of the Mac line-up as a whole, pro users were walking away. The feeling was that Apple had let down its user base and was moving more towards iOS. Because of this, Apple took an unusual step last week when some of its top executives, including Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi, invited selected journalists to a lab where they explained the problems, but confirmed that the Mac Pro was not dead by any means, although replacement models may take a while to arrive. In the meantime, the black cylinder was upgraded to 3.5GHz, 6-Core Intel Xeon E5 and 3.0GHz 8-core Intel Xeon E5 models. There will be upgraded iMacs later, with special thought given to pro users -- and the Mac mini had a mention -- but it is not clear at this stage how this stalwart will improved, if at all. I have had several of these and regard them highly. By making these unusual announcements, Apple has invoked the Osborne Effect. Craig Federighi, Apple senior vice-president of software engineering. Who would buy the current one, despite its upgrade and (to me) its beautiful design? I also loved the ill-fated Cube and hated the "anglepoise" iMac. I particularly liked the internal construction of the cylindrical Mac Pro. Its triangular positioning of circuits used the space between for cooling. This however was also part of its weakness as this limited development and Apple had, as it admitted in the interview last week, painted itself into a corner. During the week, Apple released Clips its new, free video app for iOS devices and I had some fun playing with that. One feature allows creation of captions as the user speaks, although this may not always be accurate. I found that I must speak slowly and clearly. Captioning works in Thai, but the language of the iOS device must be changed first. I was told during the week that this is to be the final eXtensions column. This is an economic decision and reflects the significant changes that have affected all news media since the advent of the world wide web. Online access is changing society. Note also the massive numbers of store closures, especially in the US where significant names like JC Penney and Sears are in trouble. I will continue writing on my own website (www.extensions.in.th/index4.html), as I have been for the last few years anyway, where I am less affected by economic pressures (although clicking on the ads will help). I am open to offers. With the way the web is now working, and my recent purchase of Apple's Final Cut Pro plus the arrival of Clips, I intend to expand video output, although I am still trying to learn the medium. I promise there will be no singing or dancing. I will still be commenting on Apple, new devices, software and more. I plan to seek out what's coming, not what's done. Graham K. Rogers of Mahidol University's Engineering Faculty has OS X-flavoured web pages at www.extensions.in.th/index4.html and he can be followed on Twitter (@extensions_th). Mac Pro - internals. Courtesy of Apple. Clips. Courtesy of Apple. Older iMac. Photos: Graham K. Rogers Mac mini lab at Mahidol University, Engineering Faculty. Graham Rogers Mac mini - rear view. Graham Rogers RECOMMENDED STORIES Expedia advises youth focus Unlicensed IoT platform to get spectrum Google expands fact checking in news searches Fakes among the five stars The Apple of home appliances Depa hopes to build smart cities in EEC next year Electronic ID move seeks to cut red tape In battle with Uber Eats, Deliveroo deploys field kitchens There's an app for that!? Most Viewed 19,148 Fakes among the five stars 10,031 Unlicensed IoT platform to get ... 9,242 Warning of cyberthreat from ... 9,073 Electronic ID move seeks to cut red ... 8,673 'Deceptive' Apple sued for bricking ... Recent TECH Articles App shows Songkran's top 35 places; here they are Animating young dreams Original intent drives Jabra's new fitness earbud Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 1 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 13:38 Toyota robot to keep elderly mobile, one step at a time 13:37 Two dead, third critical in Ayutthaya truck-car crash 12:44 SET rises 4.23 to 1,587.01 at midday 12:41 33 road deaths on first of 'seven dangerous days' 12:15 Bright prospects for Bangkok hotel market 12:01 Water-splashing on Silom Road allowed from noon to 8pm 10:26 Family flee as gas-fuelled car bursts into flame 10:07 SET opens up 2.77 to 1,585.55 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without its Technologies Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without its Technologies Tuesday, 11 April 2017 (1 day ago) Qualcomm today announced it has countersued Apple in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, nearly three months after the iPhone maker sued the chipmaker for $1 billion in alleged unpaid royalty rebates. Qualcomm, which earlier called Apple's lawsuit "baseless," accused Apple of failing to engage in good faith negotiations for a license to its 3G and 4G standard essential patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms. The chipmaker accused Apple of breaching its licensing agreements, making false statements, and encouraging regulatory attacks on its business in multiple countries. Qualcomm also said Apple has deliberately "chose not to utilize the full performance" of its LTE modem in its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Even still, independent testing last year found Qualcomm's LTE chip to significantly outperform Intel's LTE chip in iPhone 7 models. However, Qualcomm said Apple misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using its modems and those using competitor-supplied modems. Qualcomm said Apple made threats to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. Qualcomm, a longtime supplier of 3G and LTE modems for iPhones, said Apple has "launched a global attack" against its company, using its "enormous market power" to coerce unfair and unreasonable licensing terms. Qualcomm said Apple "could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise" without relying upon Qualcomm's "fundamental cellular technologies," adding that Apple "refuses to acknowledge the well established and continue value of those technologies" after a decade of unprecedented growth. “Qualcomm is the world leader in inventing and developing fundamental, ground-breaking mobile technologies that enable the worldwide mobile ecosystem. Today, Qualcomm's patented technologies remain the primary value driver for mobile devices,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. “The value of our inventions has been proven through hundreds of license agreements, negotiated and renegotiated over almost three decades, with virtually every significant handset maker in history, including the companies in Asia that have manufactured Apple iPhones and iPads. Over the last ten years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services. But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. It has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm. We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry.” Qualcomm is seeking, among other things, damages from Apple for "reneging on its promises in several agreements" and to "enjoin Apple from further interference" with Qualcomm's agreements with other companies and licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple.Tag: Qualcomm Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 1 week ago< > Embed Is Apple Developing iPhone Graphics Chips In House? 00:48 Cnet has reported that Apple is developing its own graphics processors to be used in future versions of products including the iPhone. UK-based Imaginations Technologies currently makes the graphics chips used in the iPhone, but said in a statement that Apple will cease to use its tech in between 15... Recent related news Qualcomm countersues Apple, claims it intentionally hobbled iPhone 7Chipmaker Qualcomm this week filed a countersuit against Apple, saying Apple had intentionally hobbled iPhone 7’s running Qualcomm chips, and “threatened”... bizjournals 17 hours ago - Business Qualcomm sues Apple for hobbling its iPhone chips to make Intel look betterAfter Apple hit Qualcomm with a barrage of lawsuits earlier this year, the chip maker is countersuing Apple right back. Qualcomm today filed its Answers and... The Verge 1 day ago - Technology Qualcomm says Apple using its power to pay less for a patent licenseQualcomm is seeking damages from Apple, alleging that the iPhone maker interfered with long-term agreements between the chip company and licensees that... PC World 23 hours ago - Technology Qualcomm countersues Apple over iPhone and iPad royaltiesFor years, Apple and Qualcomm have worked together on technology that' goes inside your iPhone and iPad. Qualcomm specifically handles a lot of the modem chips... engadget 1 day ago - Technology Qualcomm Countersues Apple With Serious AllegationsQualcomm fired back at Apple with allegations that Cupertino 'chose not to utilize the full performance' of its modem chips in the iPhone 7, and more. PCMag.com 16 hours ago - Computer Industry Qualcomm hits back at Apple's lawsuit, accuses iPhone maker of false statementsREUTERS - Qualcomm Inc hit back at Apple Inc's charges that were made in a U.S. lawsuit in January, saying the iPhone maker breached agreements with the firm and... Reuters India 1 day ago - Front Page Qualcomm fired back at Apple and accused it of making false statementsQualcomm Inc hit back at Apple Inc's charges that were made in a U.S. lawsuit in January, saying the iPhone maker breached agreements with the firm and... WorldNews 22 hours ago - Front PageAlso reported by •BGR India Apple is developing its own graphics chips for the iPhoneImagination Technologies, the British chip designer that provides PowerVR graphics processors for use in the iPhone and iPad, has said that Apple will no longer... The Verge 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Macworld You Might Like Other recent news in Computer Industry UNITED AIRLINES Gives Appalling New Meaning to Customer Service Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS OFFICE Just like its waterproofing, fire-proofing & security-proofing, Samsung's GALAXY S8 Siri-Proofing isn't quite functional yet FAQ: Enterprises face another WINDOWS 10 upgrade Demand for floating PV systems growing in TAIWAN Split the Check Using FACEBOOK MESSENGER PYTHON: An Introduction to Programming INSTAGRAM DIRECT Messages Now Disappear WESTERN DIGITAL G-Drive USB-C Juices Up Your Laptop Dridex gang uses unpatched Microsoft Word exploit to TARGET millions Twitter Clotheshorse Qualcomm countersues Apple, says there’s no iPhone without its cellular tech https://t.co/d1LZQMYnoV https://t.co/zCUwiO9YC1 2 hours ago Ricardo Zamjai Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without Its Technologies - https://t.co/16BebvizKA 2 hours ago toosan Qualcomm countersues Apple, says there’s no iPhone without its cellular tech - https://t.co/Ziadkm7pLm 2 hours ago Meagan Velupillai Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without Its Technologies 2 hours ago Chin PS "Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without Its Technologies" #apple #feedly https://t.co/ahA5Os7fIV 3 hours ago JamesRoy _NewsTechnology: Qualcomm countersues #Apple, says there’s no #iPhone without its cellular tech https://t.co/S2s93tT2OD 3 hours ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Vladimir Putin Ruth Bader Ginsburg Stephen Breyer Current Topics J Geils Boko Haram Sean Spicer Dortmund David Letterman Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Car shot up in Santa Rosa, but no victims, suspects found S.F. financial district hotel fire sends dozens to street Space-heater dispute cited in San Bruno dismemberment slaying Republicans survive election scare, narrowly win Kansas seat News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Chills, spills, thrills in high-mountain quest to gauge snow US Sen. Warren rakes in $5.2M in first 3 months of this year Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights Xi stresses China's North Korea concerns in talk with Trump Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants’ Buster Posey on DL: ‘There’s been some lingering Without Buster Posey, Giants fall to Diamondbacks 4-3 A’s take tarps off; upper-deck tickets $15 Warriors’ Andre Iguodala, Draymond Green to rest vs. Lakers Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Man installs 'Relationship Saving Station' in a Calif. Ikea Troubled LeEco calls off Vizio deal over ‘regulatory Wells Fargo to take back additional $75 million from former execs Solar hits big, brief milestone in California A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do SF rocker Chuck Prophet plays Great American Music Hall The latest from Dear Abby With opening at Castro, SFFilm Festival is off and running Airship takes trip to 1967 at Summer of Love exhibit opening Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Commis to expand next door with new bar, CDP Arthur Mac’s Tap & Snack opens near MacArthur BART in Oakland Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Get inspired by an eco-friendly prefab ranch house Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Joy of dragonflies (and damselflies) is in the hunt Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market SF rent down year over year for second month in a row. Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-April-12-11066809.php Business News Roundup, April 12 Chronicle News Services Published 5:00 pm, Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Google denies pay charges Google said it’s “taken aback “ by the government’s claim that it doesn’t compensate women fairly. The company said it conducts “rigorous analyses” that its pay practices are gender-blind and found “no gender pay gap” in 52 major job categories it analyzed last year. The Department of Labor had accused Google of shortchanging women doing similar work to men, saying it found “systemic compensation disparities” across the company’s workforce. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters Google responded in a blog post Tuesday that the department’s assertion “came without any supporting data or methodology.” The company said it had already produced hundreds of thousands of documents in response to government requests. Qualcomm fires back at Apple An acrimonious legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm is threatening a relationship that helped both companies rake in billions of dollars as leaders of the smartphone revolution. Qualcomm filed a countersuit late Monday, saying Apple was trying to profit from its patented technology without paying up. Qualcomm risks losing a big portion of the revenue it gets from one of its biggest customers. For Apple, it suggests doubt about the iPhone’s ability to remain a prestige product without the chipmaker’s wireless technology. Apple sold $137 billion worth of iPhones in its most recent fiscal year. But in 2016, iPhone unit shipments dropped for the first time, making the company focus more on profitability. Apple pressured suppliers more to save money, and its battle with Qualcomm is the toughest of these tense negotiations. “Apple has built the most profitable company in the world, relying heavily on Qualcomm’s patented technologies,” Qualcomm wrote in the court filing. “Apple achieved its success without contributing much, if anything, to the innovations at the heart of cellular communications.” Apple says Qualcomm is abusing its strength as the major provider of smartphone chips and related patents to suppress competition and extract billions of dollars in licensing fees it doesn’t deserve. Deals RetailMeNot acquired Direct mail and marketing services company Harland Clark Holdings is buying online coupon company RetailMeNot. Harland Clark is paying $11.60 per share for RetailMeNot, a 50 percent premium on the Austin, Texas, company’s closing stock price of $7.75 on Monday. The deal is valued at about $560 million; including debt, the value of stock options and convertible securities, it’s worth $630 million. RetailMeNot’s shares soared Tuesday to hover near the deal price. Harland Clarke is a subsidiary of MacAndrews & Forbes Inc., an investment firm headed by Ronald Perelman. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY FBI obtained secret warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Spicer apologizes for saying Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Twitter thrashes Spicer Analysis: Trump makes some strange comments about Bannon LATEST NEWS Winter may be over in Bay Area, but storm is coming 4 arrested in armed robbery at GG Bridge Vista Point Calif. officer seen on video punching jaywalker in face Giants' rally falls short in first game without Posey SF hotel fire sends dozens to street SF couple contracts brain-invading parasite in Hawaii Hercules doctor gets jail, must pay IRS $5.4M in back taxes Gambler lost $100K jackpot because friend pushed button United passenger speaks out: ‘Everything is injured’ Twitter users roast United with memes United CEO issues new apology People defend passenger after reports of 'troubled past' Wife of Alabama Gov. caught him cheating, led his downfall Tarnished politicians nothing new for Alabama SF dirt-biker arrested with aid of CHP plane CHP reviewing video of Bay Bridge dirt-biker mob stunt Fueled by Trump resistance, Sanders’ influence grows with Dems Democrats have a new strategy to keep up the pressure on Trump TODAY'S TOP PICKS Drought's over! See Calif. reservoirs' remarkable recovery Crowd shouts 'You Lie' at lawmaker who shouted at Obama Jets zip through narrow Star Wars Canyon, drawing visitors Most Popular 1 SF couple contract brain-invading parasite on Hawaiian honeymoon 2 United Passenger David Dao Speaks Out: ‘Everything Is... 3 Twitter users hit United Airlines with memes after passenger... 4 FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser... 5 Gambler lost $100,000 jackpot because friend pushed the button 6 The wife of the Alabama governor who just resigned... 7 SF dirt-biker arrested with aid of CHP plane 8 California officer seen on video punching jaywalker in face 9 Analysis: Trump just made some very strange comments about Bannon 10 Forecasters: winter may be over in the Bay Area, but not the rain View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Earnings: Guidance Is Key Can Apple report another quarter of growth? Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Apr 11, 2017 at 6:31PM When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports earnings for its fiscal second quarter of 2017 on May 2, one of the metrics investors should watch closely is the tech giant's guidance for its third quarter. After a year-over-year decline in fiscal 2016, Apple's guidance for its third quarter will help give investors an indication of whether the company's recent return to revenue growth was temporary, or part of a sustainable trend. A return to growth In Apple's fiscal 2016, the company reported three quarters in a row of year-over-year revenue declines. The poor streak meant Apple's total revenue for the fiscal year was down about 8% year over year, marking a sudden and significant decline compared to Apple's 28% jump in revenue in fiscal 2015. Given this bleak performance for Apple's revenue in fiscal 2016, it's worthwhile for investors to keep an eye on the company's ability to grow its top line today. Sure, Apple has returned to growth recently. But the company has only increased its revenue year over year for a single quarter so far. Further, revenue growth during this quarter of growth was in the low single digits. AAPL Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts. Notably, this return to growth is about to look a bit better if everything went according to Apple's plan during its second quarter. Apple guided for second-quarter revenue of $51.5 billion to $53.5 billion, up 1.8% to 5.7%, from revenue of $50.6 billion in Apple's second quarter of fiscal 2016. Given how reliable Apple's guidance has been in past quarters, the company should meet or exceed this guidance. Can Apple grow revenue again? Despite expected growth in Apple's second quarter, investors will likely be looking for more evidence of a sustainable return to growth -- evidence that could come from Apple's guidance for its fiscal third quarter. If the company can grow revenue for three quarters in a row during 2017, a return to growth for the full year is likely. When Apple reports its guidance for fiscal Q3, the number to beat will be $42.4 billion -- Apple's revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Image source: Apple. Expectations are low, but not as low as they were While guidance for yet another quarter of revenue growth would be nice when Apple reports earnings on May 2, investors should also keep in mind that Apple doesn't necessarily need any significant growth in the near term. Thanks to the stock's reasonable valuation of 17 times earnings, investors aren't pricing in the double-digit revenue growth Apple regularly reported in past years. This means Apple can handle occasional short-term pullbacks in revenue as long as the top line is growing over the long haul. On the other hand, while quarter-to-quarter variations between revenue declines and growth are acceptable with a valuation like this, investors should still look for revenue growth to generally trend upward at a low single-digit rate over the long haul. After all, with Apple stock's 30% rise in the past year, the stock no longer trades at the ridiculously undervalued price-to-earnings ratio of about 12 that it did a year ago. Guidance for another quarter of growth, while not necessary to continue making Apple stock look compelling at its current valuation, would certainly help reaffirm the stock's long-term potential. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 6:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Read More 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Mobile Devices Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in April Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple, Inc. Earnings: Guidance Is Key @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Park opens to employees in April Next PostNext Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 Apple internally promoting Apple Watch Activity app w/ challenges, exclusive t-shirts & more Chance Miller - Apr. 11th 2017 4:36 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has placed a heavy focus on the Activity functionality of Apple Watch, using it throughout its marketing for the device and encouraging users to take advantage of it with challenges and sharing. Internally, however, Apple has taken things a step further and has been running a #CloseTheRings competition, offering free physical goods such as t-shirts and pins. Mujjo Wallet iPhone 7 Case As detailed in a report from French website WatchGeneration, Apple has internally organized a program offering retail and corporate employees physical rewards for filling their rings. It’s unclear when the program started and how often it is run, but Apple has recently been sending employees rewards for their involvement. Over the past few days, images have popped up on Instagram showing rewards such as t-shirts and different color pins. There appear to be three different levels of rewards as part of this program – bronze, silver, and gold. The t-shirt employees have received show an image of filled Activity Rings on the front and an Apple logo on the back. The program was organized internally and consists of 40,000 retail and corporate employees. It’s unclear, however, as to how many employees have been rewarded with a pin or t-shirt. The promotion is being run through the iOS app Challenges, developed by FitNow, a long time proponent of wellness and fitness. Apple employees have a unique code that they must enter in order to join the competition. The app is similar to the social component of the Activity app, with rankings and challenges between friends based on earned points. And of course, there is a reward at the end, in addition to the trophies … The t-shirts and pins received by Apple employees will no doubt become a hot item among Apple collectors. It’s also unclear as to just how rare these shirts are and how rare they’ll stay, as Apple may continue the program through the coming months. View some images of the goodies Apple employees receive as part of the promotion in the Instagram posts below. Let us know if you’ve seen any of these in the wild down in the comments: #closetheringschallenge #gold✨ #goldbadge #applewatch A post shared by Samuel Kong (@samuelfwk) on Apr 11, 2017 at 4:22am PDT #closetherings @tfac_atl 🏋🏾 📸 @cekiffin #closetheringschallenge A post shared by #TheSeratoAssassin (@kansascitycash) on Apr 8, 2017 at 6:00am PDT 1 ring to rule them all! #closetheringschallenge #wellnesschallenge #gold #tshirt #goforthegold A post shared by Sarone (@sizzles) on Apr 5, 2017 at 2:20pm PDT Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Bose QuietComfort 35s Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple Regent Street to reopen with new design The store team at Regent Street has increased more than 500 percent over the past 12 years, as Apple introduced iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Apple Watch. The 512 employees span more than 20 nationalities and speak over 30 languages. Of the 100 employees who originally opened the store, more than a quarter remain at Apple. Regent Street was Apple’s first store in Europe, having welcomed more than 60,000,000 visitors since 2004, though the company’s history in Europe goes back 36 years. Apple now employs more than 22,000 people in 19 European countries, including 6,000 in the UK. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens first iOS Developer Academy in Naples Next PostNext Portrait mode now available on iPhone 7 Plus with iOS 10.1 Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple AirPods are now available Apple-Designed Wireless AirPods Including charging case for $159 (US).  Available today from Apple.com and will start delivering to customers and arriving at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. AirPods will be shipping in limited quantities at launch and customers are encouraged to check online for updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Stores will receive regular AirPod shipments. AirPods are available in more than 100 countries and territories including Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, France, Germany, India, Mexico, Netherlands, Japan, UAE, the UK and the US. AirPods require Apple devices running the latest version of iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple adds hundreds of new and redesigned emoji in iOS 10.2 Next PostNext Super Mario debuts on iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious App Store shatters records on New Year’s Day Next PostNext Apple Watch Nike+, the perfect running partner, arrives Friday, October 28 Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Apple Watch Nike+, the perfect running partner, arrives Friday, October 28 Apple Watch Nike+ 38 mm at $369 (US) and in 42 mm at $399 (US) from Apple.com, Nike.com, Apple Stores, select Nike retail stores, select Apple Authorized Resellers, including Best Buy, and select specialty stores and department stores, including Macy’s and DICK’S Sporting Goods; for local availability, visit apple.com/apple-watch-nike or nike.com/applewatch. Apple Watch Nike+ will be available in two different aluminum case sizes, 38 mm and 42 mm and pairs with four exclusive Nike Sport Band color combinations including Black/Volt, Black/Cool Gray, Flat Silver/White and Flat Silver/Volt.  Available Friday, October 28 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Macau, Malaysia, Mexico, Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Russia, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, the UK and the US. Available Saturday, October 29 in Bahrain, Greece, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and UAE.  Available Sunday, October 30 in Israel. Nike Sport Bands are available exclusively with Apple Watch Nike+ models and not sold separately. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Next PostNext Pro photo tips for using Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus Search Recent Posts IBM Watson Executive and Futurist to Keynote Spigit’s Ignite Conference New Processing Baseline release for Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1B and Marine Level-2 products Release of Sentinel-3A SRAL Level-1A products EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Straits Times Singapore Toggle navigation Home Singapore Courts & Crime Education Housing Transport Health Manpower Environment Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Cheat jailed over Apple products scam Theresa Tan, 47, cheated four victims of $13,075 by claiming that she could get Apple products for them at lower prices.ST PHOTO: WONG KWAI CHOW Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4X8G Copy Elena Chong Court Correspondent elena@sph.com.sg A woman who duped her victims into believing that she had discounted Apple products for sale was sentenced to 16 months' jail yesterday. Over three months last year, Theresa Tan cheated four victims of $13,075. She has made partial restitution of $1,950 to two victims. The 47-year-old pleaded guilty to four of 10 charges of cheating. Sometime during or before last July, she decided to deceive people into believing that she had contacts at Apple stores, and could get products cheaper. But she had no such contacts nor intended to help the victims get any Apple products. Deputy Public Prosecutor Victoria Ting said on Aug 21 last year, Tan was attending a child's birthday party when she told Ms Lim Hong Yee that her cousin worked for Apple and could get iPhone7, iPhone7 Plus and iPad products. Ms Lim, who needed a mobile phone, agreed to order two phones through Tan and transferred $1,160 to her bank account as a deposit. On Sept 11, Tan told her via messaging service WhatsApp that "stocks'' had arrived. She falsely represented that if Ms Lim bought a third product, it would be free. As such, Ms Lim was dishonestly induced to transfer another $2,040 to Tan's bank account, purportedly as payment for three mobile phones and an iPad. Tan has returned only $400 to Ms Lim, who was cheated of a total of $4,400. Tan's lawyer Ms Alice Tan, assigned by the Criminal Legal Aid Scheme, said her client is a divorcee with three children from the marriage and is also a mother to a girl, seven. She said Tan committed the offences out of financial stress as she was unable to find gainful employment. Tan could have been jailed up to 10 years and fined on each charge. Elena Chong A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 12, 2017, with the headline 'Cheat jailed over Apple products scam'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CHEATING APPLE SINGAPORE CRIME More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4X8G Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? By Therese Poletti Published: Apr 11, 2017 7:47 p.m. ET Share Opinion: First-quarter PC shipment reports warn that relying on consumers won’t work, except for one company Getty Images Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook helped introduce a new MacBook Pro laptop last year. By TheresePoletti Columnist Personal computer makers not involved in the corporate market are likely to face consolidation or some other form of death, as consumers are dramatically slowing their purchases of PCs. That was one of the more interesting comments from analysts in the quarterly PC shipments data by market research firms Gartner Inc. and International Data Corp. The two firms did not agree on whether overall shipments declined or grew in the quarter, with IDC seeing very slight or flat growth and Gartner tracking a slight decline. But both firms agreed that the corporate upgrade cycle is the real driver of growth going forward, as consumers depend on phones and tablets while letting their PCs grow old before replacing them. See also: Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy “Some consumers have abandoned the PC market altogether,” Mikako Kitagawa, a Gartner analyst, said in a statement. “Consumer life is running with smartphones from the morning till evening, but their life is not running with PC,” she added in an email. As a result, PC makers with a presence in the corporate market are going to be duking it out, while other players without a strong enterprise business “will be forced to exit the PC market in the next five years,” Kitagawa said. She noted that Lenovo Group Ltd. 0992, +0.00%  HP Inc. HPQ, +1.04% and privately held Dell Inc. will be battling for the large corporate sales of PCs, while the rest of the industry faces “extremely limited opportunities.” Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap(2:18) Harvard Business School Professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money. Which leaves open the question of Apple Inc. AAPL, -1.08% which sold about 4.2 million Macs in the first quarter according to both reports, up more than 4% from a year ago. The world’s most valuable company is popular in certain professions, but its expensive Mac line is not an enterprise powerhouse. Apple released the Mac Pro line of desktop machines aimed at professional power users in 2013, but recently Apple executives admitted that they made mistakes in the design of the machine and were “rethinking” it. The MacBook Pro laptop Apple released last year was not as well-received as previous versions of the machine, and Laptop Magazine dropped Apple from its customary top spot in its annual rankings all the way down to a tie for fifth this week. Still, Kitagawa said Apple is an exception in the “Sell to businesses or die” PC market, with its huge fan base that attracts consumers as well as workers in certain specific areas, and a much more profitable business than most Windows-based PC manufacturers. Apple would have to sacrifice some of that enviable profit margin to effectively break deeper into the enterprise market. “Targeting the business market and expanding the market would cost” Apple, she said. See also: Chromebooks destroyed Apple in back-to-school shopping Other companies focused on consumer sales will not be as lucky, the analysts said, with possible exceptions for highly specialized machines, such as those aimed at hard-core videogame usage. That is bad news for companies like Acer Inc. 2353, -0.70%  , Asustek Computer Inc. 2357, +1.56%   and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. 005930, +0.72%   HP stands out as a potential winner in Tuesday’s reports, with IDC reporting that it outsold Lenovo in a quarter for the first time since 2013. While Gartner—which does not include Chromebooks in its report, unlike IDC—still had Lenovo on top, it did say that HP had the strongest growth in the quarter at 6.5%. HP should savor that victory, because it appears to be in a dogfight with two major rivals for the only bone left in the PC yard that Apple hasn’t already claimed. More from MarketWatch What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog Quote References 0992 +0.00 +0.00% HPQ +0.18 +1.04% AAPL -1.54 -1.08% 2353 -0.10 -0.70% 2357 +4.50 +1.56% 005930 +15,000.00 +0.72% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. MarketWatch Partner Center Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Lenovo Group Ltd. Hong Kong: 0992 HK$5.10 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 27.8M Open HK$5.11 High HK$5.13 Low HK$5.05 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 58.3B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $17.54 +0.18 (+1.04%) Volume 14.3M Open $17.40 High $17.55 Low $17.29 P/E Ratio 12.1 Div Yield 3.03 Market Cap 29.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $141.63 -1.54 (-1.08%) Volume 29.9M Open $142.94 High $143.35 Low $140.06 P/E Ratio 16.96 Div Yield 1.61 Market Cap 751.1B Acer Inc. Taiwan: 2353 NT$14.25 -0.10 (-0.70%) Volume 8.2M Open NT$14.35 High NT$14.45 Low NT$14.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.51 Market Cap 44.8B ASUSTeK Computer Inc. Taiwan: 2357 NT$293.00 +4.50 (+1.56%) Volume 2.2M Open NT$286.00 High NT$293.00 Low NT$286.00 P/E Ratio 11.43 Div Yield 5.12 Market Cap 219.5B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩2,095,000.00 +15,000.00 (+0.72%) Volume 135.2K Open ₩2,093,000 High ₩2,097,000 Low ₩2,085,000 P/E Ratio 13.27 Div Yield 1.31 Market Cap 328.1T
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 823.35 -1.38 9to5Toys Last Call: BlackBerry Priv (unlocked) $260, SanDisk Storage Sale, more Stephen Hall - Apr. 11th 2017 4:50 pm PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: BlackBerry Priv STV100-2 32GB GSM Factory Unlocked: $260 shipped (Reg. $400) SanDisk flash drives, SSDs and more up to 35% off at Amazon, today only iTunes $100 Gift Card from PayPal for $85 with email delivery Review: MUJJO Leather/Wool Sleeves keep your MacBook protected in style Review: Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack pulls double duty for Apple Watch and iPhone Review: Decks by FluidStance bring motion and fun to standing desks and more Best Console Releases for April: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Outlast 2 & more 9to5Rewards: Brydge iPad Keyboards provide serious productivity on-the-go [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Dell’s Color Laser All-in-One Printer w/ AirPrint is down to $130 Olala 6000mAh Power Bank w/ MFi Lightning Cable $15, more Garmin Vivofit 2 Bluetooth Fitness Wristband $40,more Sony announces super thin $700 e-paper tablet Petcube Play w/ 1080p video, audio & built-in laser $142 (Reg. $200) Inferno is the the $1 HD iTunes Movie Rental of the Week Coleman camping gear up to 30% off: tents, grills and more at Amazon Amazon offers a three-piece Moscow Mule mug set for $26 in today’s Gold Box True Religion offers 30% off entire purchase + free shipping Games/Apps: Minecraft Story Mode $20, Diablo III $20, iOS freebies, more Staedtler Fineliner Adult Coloring Book Pens $19 + more Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar: $2,070 ($329 savings) Apple’s 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro + Touch Bar $1,750 (Reg. $1,999) Kingdom New Lands for iOS gets very first price drop: $7 Legend of Skyfish iOS/Android action-adventure hits lowest price ever: $1 Trine 1, 2 & 3 for Mac now on sale from $2 each (Reg. up to $15) Artkive for iOS goes free: easily keep track of all your kids’ artwork App Store Free App of the Week: Toca Life School children’s iOS app free Hyperburner iOS space racer free for very first time (Reg. $3) Caseology iPhone 7/Plus cases in a variety of styles and colors from $4 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Anker takes the wraps off new slim iPhone 7 battery case with Lightning port access Teodoor offers full smart lock functionality in the ‘world’s smallest package’ Kniterate is a smart 3D printer for the aspiring tailor Ford’s smart crib will get your infant to sleep without having to take a night drive Play Elder Scrolls Online for free on PS4, Xbox One, Mac/PC Knomo’s water-resistant LiveFree bag offers wireless charging on the go Duo is the AI-infused Smart Mirror that everyone needs to start their day Powrtabs is a biodegradable charger for your iPhone and Android TP-Link Smart LED Light Bulbs gain Alexa control, remain affordable at $20+ With Polar’s new M430 iOS compatible sports watch, you’ll run smarter Transformers Forged to Fight out now on iOS/Android (free-to-play) Lift-bit offers a stylish and intelligent modular seating system for your home Xbox Scorpio console specs unveiled with native 4K and more Samsung’s MU Series Ultra HDTVs bring affordability and sleek designs Clarity is a touchscreen Smart Speaker that combines Google Now and Alexa How to add sound to your LEGO creations with the PFx Brick The Sunrise Smart Pillow aspires to make every morning better Lego introduces 16 new minifigures with Collectible Series 17 Epson details new Home Cinema 1450 projector with incredible lumen count Western Digital announces My Passport external SSD with USB-C connection Sony G-Series SSDs for 4K video hit store shelves next month Dishonored 2’s first three missions for free on PS4, Xbox One, PC Bring pixel art to life with PIXIO magnetic construction sets MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Anker’s Easter Sale discounts your favorite power and audio gear Logitech K780 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard goes to $60 at Amazon Google Home + Philips Hue Smart Lighting Kit bundle for $266 Best Online Fashion Discounts for Students in 2017 Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services Harmon Kardon  5.1-Ch Home Theater $250 RAVPower 4-port USB Charger $14 Prime shipped Nintendo amiibo sale, three for $20: Gift Cards up to 20% off: Cabela’s, more Aukey PowerHub Mini w/ 4 USB Ports $16, more Starbucks is handing out $5 credits PSVR Aim Controller Farpoint Bundle pre-order $20 off AmazonBasics Scissors from just over $1 Prime shipped View-Maser Batman VR Pack $13 Prime shipped Netgear Arlo Q 1080p Security Cam $127.50 Stanley 8-Inch Torpedo Level $2 8-pack EcoSmart A19 LED Light Bulbs $10, more Netgear Arlo Pro 3-Cam Surveillance: $500 Fitbit Charge 2 Fitness Tracker returns to $100 Cuisinart Stainless Steel Toaster Oven nearly $100 off (refurb) Mpow 20 LED Outdoor Solar Lights $16, more Lowe’s Gift Card: $225 in credit for $200 Garmin Fitness Smartwatches from $220 MicroUSB to USB-C adapters (4-pack): $5 RAVPower 12000mAh Power Bank $16, more Hamilton Beach Dual Breakfast Sandwich Maker for just $18 Brita Filtered Sport Water Bottle for just over $4 Saks Off 5th: 80% off select spring styles, shoes, and more Cuisinart Multiclad Pro 12-pc Cookware Set $182 Logitech’s G300s Optical Gaming Mouse is now $20 Top Caribbean Destinations For Your Next Vacation 6-pack Hampton Bay Solar LED Pathway Lights $9.50, more Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? By Therese Poletti Published: Apr 11, 2017 7:47 p.m. ET Share Opinion: First-quarter PC shipment reports warn that relying on consumers won’t work, except for one company Getty Images Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook helped introduce a new MacBook Pro laptop last year. By TheresePoletti Columnist Personal computer makers not involved in the corporate market are likely to face consolidation or some other form of death, as consumers are dramatically slowing their purchases of PCs. That was one of the more interesting comments from analysts in the quarterly PC shipments data by market research firms Gartner Inc. and International Data Corp. The two firms did not agree on whether overall shipments declined or grew in the quarter, with IDC seeing very slight or flat growth and Gartner tracking a slight decline. But both firms agreed that the corporate upgrade cycle is the real driver of growth going forward, as consumers depend on phones and tablets while letting their PCs grow old before replacing them. See also: Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy “Some consumers have abandoned the PC market altogether,” Mikako Kitagawa, a Gartner analyst, said in a statement. “Consumer life is running with smartphones from the morning till evening, but their life is not running with PC,” she added in an email. As a result, PC makers with a presence in the corporate market are going to be duking it out, while other players without a strong enterprise business “will be forced to exit the PC market in the next five years,” Kitagawa said. She noted that Lenovo Group Ltd. 0992, +0.00%  HP Inc. HPQ, +1.04% and privately held Dell Inc. will be battling for the large corporate sales of PCs, while the rest of the industry faces “extremely limited opportunities.” Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap(2:18) Harvard Business School Professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money. Which leaves open the question of Apple Inc. AAPL, -1.08% which sold about 4.2 million Macs in the first quarter according to both reports, up more than 4% from a year ago. The world’s most valuable company is popular in certain professions, but its expensive Mac line is not an enterprise powerhouse. Apple released the Mac Pro line of desktop machines aimed at professional power users in 2013, but recently Apple executives admitted that they made mistakes in the design of the machine and were “rethinking” it. The MacBook Pro laptop Apple released last year was not as well-received as previous versions of the machine, and Laptop Magazine dropped Apple from its customary top spot in its annual rankings all the way down to a tie for fifth this week. Still, Kitagawa said Apple is an exception in the “Sell to businesses or die” PC market, with its huge fan base that attracts consumers as well as workers in certain specific areas, and a much more profitable business than most Windows-based PC manufacturers. Apple would have to sacrifice some of that enviable profit margin to effectively break deeper into the enterprise market. “Targeting the business market and expanding the market would cost” Apple, she said. See also: Chromebooks destroyed Apple in back-to-school shopping Other companies focused on consumer sales will not be as lucky, the analysts said, with possible exceptions for highly specialized machines, such as those aimed at hard-core videogame usage. That is bad news for companies like Acer Inc. 2353, -0.70%  , Asustek Computer Inc. 2357, +1.56%   and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. 005930, +0.72%   HP stands out as a potential winner in Tuesday’s reports, with IDC reporting that it outsold Lenovo in a quarter for the first time since 2013. While Gartner—which does not include Chromebooks in its report, unlike IDC—still had Lenovo on top, it did say that HP had the strongest growth in the quarter at 6.5%. HP should savor that victory, because it appears to be in a dogfight with two major rivals for the only bone left in the PC yard that Apple hasn’t already claimed. More from MarketWatch How to not get bumped from a flight (and how to make the most money if you do) United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? Quote References 0992 +0.00 +0.00% HPQ +0.18 +1.04% AAPL -1.54 -1.08% 2353 -0.10 -0.70% 2357 +4.50 +1.56% 005930 +15,000.00 +0.72% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. MarketWatch Partner Center Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Lenovo Group Ltd. Hong Kong: 0992 HK$5.10 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 27.8M Open HK$5.11 High HK$5.13 Low HK$5.05 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 58.3B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $17.54 +0.18 (+1.04%) Volume 14.3M Open $17.40 High $17.55 Low $17.29 P/E Ratio 12.1 Div Yield 3.03 Market Cap 29.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $141.63 -1.54 (-1.08%) Volume 29.9M Open $142.94 High $143.35 Low $140.06 P/E Ratio 16.96 Div Yield 1.61 Market Cap 751.1B Acer Inc. Taiwan: 2353 NT$14.25 -0.10 (-0.70%) Volume 8.2M Open NT$14.35 High NT$14.45 Low NT$14.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.51 Market Cap 44.8B ASUSTeK Computer Inc. Taiwan: 2357 NT$293.00 +4.50 (+1.56%) Volume 2.2M Open NT$286.00 High NT$293.00 Low NT$286.00 P/E Ratio 11.43 Div Yield 5.12 Market Cap 219.5B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩2,095,000.00 +15,000.00 (+0.72%) Volume 135.2K Open ₩2,093,000 High ₩2,097,000 Low ₩2,085,000 P/E Ratio 13.27 Div Yield 1.31 Market Cap 328.1T
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Samsung regains top spot in global smartphone market 2017/04/12 08:23 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, April 12 (Yonhap) -- Samsung Electronics Co. regained the top status in the global smartphone market in the first quarter of the year, even before the release of its latest Galaxy S8, largely thanks to an increase in shipments of mid- and low-end devices, data showed Wednesday. According to the data compiled by industry tracker TrendForce, Samsung produced 80.1 million units of smartphones in the January-March period to account for 26.1 percent of the global smartphone market. Its U.S. archrival Apple Inc. came in second with a 16.9 percent share. The latest figure marks a turnaround from the October-December period of 2016, when Apple accounted for 20.3 percent of the world's smartphone market to stand as the No. 1 player. Samsung, struck by the suspension of the Galaxy Note 7 phablet, managed to take up 18.5 percent of the market in the fourth quarter of last year. Samsung suspended production of the ill-fated smartphone last year on reports some of the products caught fire while charging around the globe Industry watchers said Samsung's improved market share is attributable to the expanded sales of budget smartphones. Over the first quarter of this year, the world's production of smartphones reached 37 million units, down 23 percent from a three-month period earlier. TrendForce attributed the decline to the lackluster production of Chinese manufacturers. The researcher said the demand for smartphones is anticipated to remain sluggish over the second quarter, as many consumers are waiting for the release of a new iPhone by Apple in the third quarter. The data also came as Samsung is set to release the Galaxy S8 smartphones this month, seeking to rebuild its tainted brand reputation. Preorders for its new flagship smartphone have surpassed a whopping 600,000 units in just five days here, heralding a big hit for the company. The Galaxy S8 smartphones feature high-resolution displays that bend on both ends, and come with various innovative technologies, such as iris and face recognition scanners, as well as a smart voice assistance program named Bixby. Samsung Electronics Co.'s Galaxy S8 smartphone is displayed at a shop in Seoul on April 10, 2017. (Yonhap) colin@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Despite growing tension, experts see slim chance of U.S. pre-emptive strike on N. Korea Security emerges as key election issue (News Focus) U.S. sends navy strike group in warning against N.Korea Add or subtract: More K-pop idol groups undergo shake-ups S. Korea economy shows signs of recovery buoyed by exports, consumer sentiment: observers (News Focus) Trump-Xi summit may not yield much progress on N. Korea Uncertainty hangs over conservative alliance prospects With improved fitness, skills, S. Korean women's hockey continues growth News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Register Help Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Forum Red Digital Cinema Recon If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.     Thread: DSMC2 Beta Firmware 6.4.21 , Scarlet-W and Weapon MG Spec increases Page 1 of 3 123 Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 10 of 30 Thread Tools  Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Display  Display Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode     #1 DSMC2 Beta Firmware 6.4.21 , Scarlet-W and Weapon MG Spec increases  Jarred Land View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Fire Chief Join Date Dec 2006 Posts 9,852 Yesterday, 02:57 PM Thanks for everyone that hammered on the beta build last week and submitted your log reports, that feedback allowed us to kill a bunch of bugs in record time. Along the way getting to 6.4.2 cleaned up so much old code it also allowed us to squeeze out a bit more out of Scarlet-W and Weapon MG in the form of increased ProRes formats: SCARLET-W and WEAPON 6K Magnesium will receive increased specs via firmware update: SCARLET-W and SCARLET-W Monochrome changes include: • Increased Max Data Speed: up to 170 MB/s using RED MINI-MAG® • Added Apple ProRes 422 and 422 LT at 4K (4096 × 2160) up to 29.97 fps • Added Avid Codecs DNxHR, SQ and LB at 4K (4096 × 2160) 8-bit up to 29.97 fps WEAPON 6K Magnesium changes include: • Added Apple ProRes 422 HQ, 422 and 422 LT at 4K (4096 × 2160) up to 29.97 fps • Added Avid Codecs DNxHR HQX at 4K (4096 × 2160) 12-bit up to 29.97 fps, DNxHR HQ, SQ and LB at 4K (4096 × 2160) 8-bit up to 29.97 fps Also, We as I mentioned in the last update we have increased our manufacturing spend significantly to catch up with the demand and backorder specially on Raven and Scarlet-W lines, and to offset those costs we are increasing the price on both Raven and Scarlet W. Effective immediately, RED RAVEN to $8,950 (£7,970 & 9,030€) and SCARLET-W & SCARLET-W Monochrome to $12,500 (£11,130 & 12,615€). If you already have a deposit in you will pay the old lower price when your camera is ready to ship. All deposits placed after the time of this post will be paying the new prices. Existing deposits also are entitled to the old pricing for upgrades, i.e. if you have a Raven deposit and want to upgrade to Scarlet-W before your Raven ships you can do so to the old Scarlet-W price of $9950. Its also a good time to remind people that these are BETA builds. We plaster Beta all over the place for a reason... these builds we really are pushing out a lot of new things and there are going to be some bumps along the way.. you should not be just blindly installing these builds on your cameras in the middle of a "Work" shoot until you have tested them yourself and feel confident in how you use your cameras before introducing beta firmwares into your commercial jobs. Our Release builds are perfect for those that prefer stability over bleeding edge. After we work out the bugs of these 6.4.2 Betas, it will turn into the 7.0 Release Build... so if Beta builds scare you... wait for that. And please... EVERYONE should secure format all their cards when they move to a new build in camera on the new build and also do a new calibration. It's just good practice, specially when we added so many file format changes. 6.4.21 Beta Firmware: https://www.red.com/downloads?catego...e&release=beta SIGNIFICANT CHANGES SINCE PREVIOUS BUILD * Added SCARLET-W Apple ProRes 4K and Avid DNxHD/HR 4K support * Added WEAPON MG Apple ProRes 4K and Avid DNxHR/HD 4K support * Added REDMOTE v9.7.10 * Fixed 'Unsupported Module' error message on startup with Side Handle attached * Fixed Log view with Creative 3D LUT * Fixed IPP2 playback controls * Fixed playback of R3D+Apple ProRes 4444/XQ clips * Fixed darker image with IPP2 playback * Fixed IPP2 controls for Sidekick * Fixed Highlight Roll-Off affect on image * Fixed WiFi Ad-Hoc connection failure * Fixed possible DNx file corruption * Fixed load failure of clip in playback switching file formats * Fixed blank REDTouch 4.7" LCD after systems restore or upgrade * Fixed Sigma 18-35mm for Canon lens support * Fixed Sigma 50mm lens support * Fixed tearing in R3D for 3.5K 5:4 2x Anamorphic mode * Fixed behavior of RED Touch 4.7" LCD during camera shutdown * Fixed vertical lines in playback with ANA formats * Fixed WEAPON sensor flip/mirror at high frame rates * Fixed Apple ProRes 422 clip identifier in playback * Fixed RM indicator when CTRL Protocol is set to None * Fixed media full indicator with R3D+DNx or R3D+QT * Changed Color Space 'P3' to 'DCI-P3' * Improved HELIUM calibration Product Pages for Price and Tech Spec Changes: SCARLET-W | http://www.red.com/store/products/sc...-brain-deposit SCARLET-W Monochrome | http://www.red.com/store/products/sc...-brain-deposit RED RAVEN | http://www.red.com/store/products/re...-brain-deposit     #2   Roshdi Alkadri View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Jan 2011 Posts 239 Yesterday, 03:01 PM Nice update!     #3   Matthew Quinn View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Apr 2014 Location Buffalo, N.Y Posts 2,098 Yesterday, 03:15 PM Word! Scarlet-W #93 CNE-Primes Easyrig+Serene G&E package + Sprinter van Local 52 BUFFALO, N.Y IMDB www.coderedpicturecompany.com     #4   Tim Daust View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date May 2016 Location Atlanta, GA Posts 315 Yesterday, 03:17 PM way to go on the fast bug fixes.. good job everyone involved. this can't be easy.. Thank you Tim Daust Reelmind Studios EPIC-W 8K S35 HELIUM #325 "Big Boi" SCARLET-W 5K DRAGON #740 "Jade" Sigma 18-35 ART Rokinon CINE DS 14mm, 24mm, 35mm, 50mm, 85mm, 100mm Canon EF 100mm f/2.8L Macro IS Tilta Gravity Gimbal / Armorman 2 @TimDaust @ReelmindStudios     #5   Patrick Tresch View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Aug 2007 Location Switzerland, Lausanne Posts 4,193 Yesterday, 03:19 PM Happy Magnesium user here. Thanks to the RED heads and team to make the camera even better (@ no cost)! This rewrite is huge. Pat     #6   Rakesh Malik View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Apr 2013 Location Tacoma, WA Posts 503 Yesterday, 03:19 PM That was quick! -------------------------------------------------------- Rakesh Malik Director of Photography http://WhiteCranePhotography.com http://WinterLight.studio     #7   Spencer Weaver View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Sep 2015 Location Wisconsin Posts 336 Yesterday, 03:26 PM Wow, this is so awesome!! And the ability to shoot 4k prores... incredible. Thank you! Your friendly Neighborhood REDuser Scarlet-W# 77 http://spencerweaver.com/     #8   Aaron Lochert View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Senior Member Join Date Oct 2013 Posts 193 Yesterday, 03:30 PM In case anyone is having trouble installing, secure format your card. I tried 3 times and each time the camera would boot into 6.4.17, and automatically delete the force_upgrade folder. Then connecting it to the computer to try again, I'd get a "card full" message. So then I'd have to go back to camera and format it again. I tried UDF and FAT32 and neither worked until I did a secure format. Thanks for the update guys! a.k.a. Lochness Digital         #9   Jarred Land View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Fire Chief Join Date Dec 2006 Posts 9,852 Yesterday, 03:32 PM Originally Posted by Aaron Lochert In case anyone is having trouble installing, secure format your card. I tried 3 times and each time the camera would boot into 6.4.17, and automatically delete the force_upgrade folder. Then connecting it to the computer to try again, I'd get a "card full" message. So then I'd have to go back to camera and format it again. I tried UDF and FAT32 and neither worked until I did a secure format. Thanks for the update guys! Good advice right there. Thanks Aaron.     #10   Phil Holland View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message Visit Homepage Moderator Join Date Apr 2007 Location Los Angeles Posts 8,979 Yesterday, 04:03 PM Pound for pound, Scarlet-W is just incredible. And just to state something here that's a bit obvious, this is a free firmware update that just added a pretty big feature to all of your cameras. Phil Holland - Cinematographer - Los Angeles ________________________________ phfx.com IMDB PHFX | tools RED Weapon 8K VV Dragon "Orochi" RED Weapon 8K S35 Helium "Skully" Data Sheets and Notes: Red Weapon/DSMC2 Red Dragon     Page 1 of 3 123 Last Jump to page: Quick Navigation Recon Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Red Digital Cinema Recon NAB 2016 DRAGON WEAPON RAVEN RED DISCUSSION Crucial Ordnance EPIC-M OWNERS The DSMC System EPIC RED ONE SCARLET REDLINK DEVELOPERS . DSMC FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY . RED Workflow REDCINE-X Red Rocket Apple Workflow DaVinci Avid Workflow Adobe Workflow Other Workflows Tools Assimilate SCRATCH VEGAS workflow Accessories for DSMC RED RAY Post-Production HARDWARE Bugs / Problems / Help! Shooting RED SHOT ON RED Cinematography Audio Royalty Free Music Lens Tests EFP / ENG and RED 3D Marketplace Marketplace: RED Stuff Marketplace: 3rd Party Gear For Rent / For Hire Everything Else Off Topic NAB 2014 NAB 2015 Red Owners Rental Group RedUser User Groups USA -West Asia USA - MidWest USA -East Japan Europe Canada Australian &amp; New Zealand  ANZRUG Middle East Everywhere Else COMPLAINT DEPARTMENT Other Cameras Unboxing « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us REDUSER.NET Archive Top All times are GMT -7. The time now is 12:09 AM. Copyright 2007-2017. Landmine Media, Inc. Links monetized by VigLink
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Car shot up in Santa Rosa, but no victims, suspects found S.F. financial district hotel fire sends dozens to street Space-heater dispute cited in San Bruno dismemberment slaying Republicans survive election scare, narrowly win Kansas seat News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Chills, spills, thrills in high-mountain quest to gauge snow US Sen. Warren rakes in $5.2M in first 3 months of this year Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights Xi stresses China's North Korea concerns in talk with Trump Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants’ Buster Posey on DL: ‘There’s been some lingering Without Buster Posey, Giants fall to Diamondbacks 4-3 A’s take tarps off; upper-deck tickets $15 Warriors’ Andre Iguodala, Draymond Green to rest vs. Lakers Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Man installs 'Relationship Saving Station' in a Calif. Ikea Troubled LeEco calls off Vizio deal over ‘regulatory Wells Fargo to take back additional $75 million from former execs Solar hits big, brief milestone in California A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do SF rocker Chuck Prophet plays Great American Music Hall The latest from Dear Abby With opening at Castro, SFFilm Festival is off and running Airship takes trip to 1967 at Summer of Love exhibit opening Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Commis to expand next door with new bar, CDP Arthur Mac’s Tap & Snack opens near MacArthur BART in Oakland Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Get inspired by an eco-friendly prefab ranch house Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Joy of dragonflies (and damselflies) is in the hunt Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market SF rent down year over year for second month in a row. Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-ticked-off-retailers-failing-Las-Vegas-11066680.php Apple ticked off, retailers failing, Las Vegas e-sports growing Chronicle Staff and News Services Published 3:49 pm, Tuesday, April 11, 2017 How different? Apple is challenging the Swatch “Tick different” slogan for its Bellamy analog watches that can be used for payments, arguing that the phrase is too similar to its now-retired “Think different” campaign. Engadget reports that after unsuccessfully raising the grievance with the Swiss Federal Institute of Intellectual Property, Apple has taken the matter to the Swiss Federal Administrative Court. Swatch claims the similarity is purely coincidental. Swatch also registered the trademark “One more thing,” a famed phrase of the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs. Ironically, Apple's “Think different” is widely thought to be a reference to the IBM slogan, “Think.” Number of the day 9 TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters That’s how many retail bankruptcies have been filed this year, the same number as in all of 2016. The Atlantic attributes the failures to the continued rise of online shopping, Americans shifting their spending to eating out rather than shopping, and the fact that the country simply built too many malls — the number grew more than twice as fast as the population between 1970 and 2015. Gamers on the Strip The Las Vegas Strip is getting an e-sports arena at the Luxor. MGM Resorts International said Tuesday that work on the venue will begin in early June with opening set in early 2018. A downtown e-sports center opened in March. The arenas are part of a trend that the casino industry hopes will attract Millennials. The Luxor arena will feature a competition stage, LED video wall, daily gaming stations and food and beverage stands. From San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techchronicle Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY FBI obtained secret warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Spicer apologizes for saying Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Twitter thrashes Spicer Analysis: Trump makes some strange comments about Bannon LATEST NEWS Winter may be over in Bay Area, but storm is coming 4 arrested in armed robbery at GG Bridge Vista Point Calif. officer seen on video punching jaywalker in face Giants' rally falls short in first game without Posey SF hotel fire sends dozens to street SF couple contracts brain-invading parasite in Hawaii Hercules doctor gets jail, must pay IRS $5.4M in back taxes Gambler lost $100K jackpot because friend pushed button United passenger speaks out: ‘Everything is injured’ Twitter users roast United with memes United CEO issues new apology People defend passenger after reports of 'troubled past' Wife of Alabama Gov. caught him cheating, led his downfall Tarnished politicians nothing new for Alabama SF dirt-biker arrested with aid of CHP plane CHP reviewing video of Bay Bridge dirt-biker mob stunt Fueled by Trump resistance, Sanders’ influence grows with Dems Democrats have a new strategy to keep up the pressure on Trump TODAY'S TOP PICKS Drought's over! See Calif. reservoirs' remarkable recovery Crowd shouts 'You Lie' at lawmaker who shouted at Obama Jets zip through narrow Star Wars Canyon, drawing visitors Most Popular 1 SF couple contract brain-invading parasite on Hawaiian honeymoon 2 United Passenger David Dao Speaks Out: ‘Everything Is... 3 Twitter users hit United Airlines with memes after passenger... 4 FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser... 5 Gambler lost $100,000 jackpot because friend pushed the button 6 The wife of the Alabama governor who just resigned... 7 SF dirt-biker arrested with aid of CHP plane 8 California officer seen on video punching jaywalker in face 9 Analysis: Trump just made some very strange comments about Bannon 10 Forecasters: winter may be over in the Bay Area, but not the rain View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   home : community news : community news April 12, 2017 4/11/2017 5:52:00 PM 9 contestants seek Apple Queen title The Apple Festival Committee has announced Saturday, April 15 as the date of the 2017 Jackson Apple Festival Queen's Contest. The contest will be held at the Jackson Middle School Auditorium beginning at 7 p.m. This year's co-emcees will be the 2016 Apple Festival Queen, Tori Leonard, and Mrs. Tara Byrd. The Apple Festival Theme and Grand Marshal will be announced the evening of the 2017 Queen's Contest. Following is a bio on each of the nine contestants: Haley Webb, age 16, is the daughter of Mike and Shelley Webb. She is a sophomore at Jackson High School, 4'11' tall, with brown eyes and brown hair. Her school activities include varsity cheerleading, the Leos Club, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Student Health Council, and the Buddies Program. Her hobbies and interests include spending time with friends and family, going to church and lifeguarding at Hillcrest Pool. Her plans are to attend The Ohio State University and major in Nursing. Kira Mullins, age 17, is the daughter of Dawn and James Mullins. She is a junior at Jackson High School, 5'2' tall, with hazel eyes and dark brown hair. At school she is involved in the majorettes, varsity golf, varsity track, Future Farmers of America, the livestock judging team, Rotary-sponsored JHS Interact Club, Student Health Council and Youth Leadership Association. She also enjoys hiking, 4-H, hunting, cooking, volunteering and agriculture. She plans on attending UTK and majoring in Agricultural Extension. Chloe Rasp, age 16, is the daughter of David Rasp and the late Myrtle Rasp. She is a sophomore at Jackson High School, 5'3' tall, with brown eyes and blonde hair. Her school activities include being class officer, a member of Student Health Council, cheerleading and tennis. Her hobbies and interests include hanging out with friends, babysitting, Zumba, going to church and eating. Her plans are to attend The Ohio State University and major in Pediatric Oncology. Madison Haislop, age 16, is the daughter of Bobby and Betsy Haislop. She is a sophomore at Jackson High School, 5'4' tall, with hazel eyes and dark brown hair. At school she is involved in the Jackson High School girls' soccer program and the Leos Club. She also enjoys drawing, being around friends and family, making everyone's day better, helping with the community, and going to church. She is undecided on her choice of college, but plans to major in Optometry. Kylie Laug, age 16, is the daughter of Tricia Laug. She is a sophomore at Jackson High School, 5'5' tall, with brown eyes and brown hair. Her school activities include being a varsity soccer player, varsity cheerleader, in the Leos Club, and on Student Council. Her hobbies and interests include coaching rookie soccer players at the YMCA, going to youth meetings, and lifeguarding at Hillcrest Pool. Her plans are to attend The Ohio State University and major in Occupational Therapy. Lexi Vest, age 17, is the daughter of Eric and Danielle Vest. She is a junior at Jackson High School, 5'3' tall, with hazel eyes and blonde hair. At school she is involved in JHS varsity as cheer captain, is the Junior Class secretary, a member of Youth-in-Government, Youth Leadership Association, the Leos Club, Student Health Council, and Rotary-sponsored JHS Interact Club. She also enjoys the Singing-in-Praise team at World Outreach, teaching kids at church, reading the Bible and spending time with family, friends and pets. She is undecided on her choice of college, but plans to major in Education. Madeleine Polcyn, age 16, is the daughter of Amanda Perry and Daniel Polcyn. She is a junior at Jackson High School, 5'6' tall, with blue eyes and dark blonde hair. Her school activities include being a member of the Marching Ironmen, Wind Ensemble, Jazz Band I, HI-Q, Drama Club, International Thespian Society, Leo Club and Rotary-sponsored JHS Interact Club. Her hobbies and interests include playing trombone, creative writing, European history and geography, angel mythology, baking and acting. Her plans are to attend John Carroll University and major in English/Creative Writing. Lauren Gardner, age 16, is the daughter of Jessica and Terry Gardner. She is a junior at Jackson High School, 5'7' tall, with blue eyes and brown hair. At school she is involved in the Marching Ironmen Band and Wind Ensemble, Future Farmers of America and Youth Leadership Association. She also enjoys 4-H, volunteering as a camp counselor, involvement with the Junior Fair Board, Junior Leaders, the 4-H Horse Committee, riding horses, and showing goats. She plans on attending The Ohio State University and majoring in Nursing. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < April > S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Trump warns China on North Korea: Help solve the problem or ‘we will’ U.S. Navy funds development of robot surveillance system which can spy on humans in incredible detail → That Fingerprint Sensor on Your Phone Is Not as Safe as You Think Posted on April 11, 2017 by Paul New York Times – by Vindu Goel SAN FRANCISCO — Fingerprint sensors have turned modern smartphones into miracles of convenience. A touch of a finger unlocks the phone — no password required. With services like Apple Pay or Android Pay, a fingerprint can buy a bag of groceries, a new laptop or even a $1 million vintage Aston Martin. And pressing a finger inside a banking app allows the user to pay bills or transfer thousands of dollars. While such wizardry is convenient, it has also left a gaping security hole. New findings published Monday by researchers at New York University and Michigan State University suggest that smartphones can easily be fooled by fake fingerprints digitally composed of many common features found in human prints. In computer simulations, the researchers from the universities were able to develop a set of artificial “MasterPrints” that could match real prints similar to those used by phones as much as 65 percent of the time. The researchers did not test their approach with real phones, and other security experts said the match rate would be significantly lower in real-life conditions. Still, the findings raise troubling questions about the effectiveness of fingerprint security on smartphones. “It’s almost certainly not as worrisome as presented, but it’s almost certainly pretty darn bad,” said Andy Adler, a professor of systems and computer engineering at Carleton University in Canada, who studies biometric security systems. “If all I want to do is take your phone and use your Apple Pay to buy stuff, if I can get into 1 in 10 phones, that’s not bad odds.” Full human fingerprints are difficult to falsify, but the finger scanners on phones are so small that they read only partial fingerprints. When a user sets up fingerprint security on an Apple iPhone or a phone that runs Google’s Android software, the phone typically takes eight to 10 images of a finger to make it easier to make a match. And many users record more than one finger — say, the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Sample fingerprints that the researchers at N.Y.U. and Michigan State University compared against the so-called MasterPrints. Solid black lines around a print indicate a match. Since a finger swipe has to match only one stored image to unlock the phone, the system is vulnerable to false matches. “It’s as if you have 30 passwords and the attacker only has to match one,” said Nasir Memon, a professor of computer science and engineering at N.Y.U.’s Tandon School of Engineering, who is one of three authors of the study, which was published in IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. The other authors are Aditi Roy, a postdoctoral fellow at N.Y.U.’s Tandon School, and Arun Ross, a professor of computer science and engineering at Michigan State. Dr. Memon said their findings indicated that if you could somehow create a magic glove with a MasterPrint on each finger, you could get into 40 to 50 percent of iPhones within the five tries allowed before the phone demands the numeric password, known as a personal identification number. Apple said the chance of a false match in the iPhone’s fingerprint system was 1 in 50,000 with one fingerprint enrolled. Ryan James, a company spokesman, said Apple had tested various attacks when developing its Touch ID system, and also incorporated other security features to prevent false matches. Google declined to comment. The actual risk is difficult to quantify. Apple and Google keep many details of their fingerprint technology secret, and the dozens of companies that make Android phones can adapt Google’s standard design in ways that reduce the level of security. Stephanie Schuckers, a professor at Clarkson University and director of the Center for Identification Technology Research, was cautious about the implications of the MasterPrint findings. She said the researchers used a midrange, commercially available software program that was designed to match full fingerprints, limiting the broader applicability of their findings. “To really know what the impact would be on a cellphone, you’d have to try it on the cellphone,” she said. She noted that cellphone makers and others who use fingerprint security systems are studying anti-spoofing techniques to detect the presence of a real finger, such as looking for perspiration or examining patterns in deeper layers of skin. A new fingerprint sensor from Qualcomm, for example, uses ultrasound. Aditi Roy, the lead author of a new paper on master fingerprints that could be used to unlock smartphones, examines data on her computer at N.Y.U.’s Tandon School of Engineering.CreditRoger Kisby for The New York Times Phone makers also said that the ease of touching a finger to unlock a phone meant more users actually turned on security features instead of leaving their phones unlocked — a common habit in the early days of smartphones. Dr. Ross acknowledged the limitations of the work. “Most of the current smartphone vendors do not give us access to the fingerprint image,” he said. Still, the team’s fundamental finding that partial fingerprints are vulnerable to spoofing is significant, said Chris Boehnen, the manager of the federal government’s Odin program, which studies how to defeat biometric security attacks as part of the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. “What’s concerning here is that you could find a random phone, and your barrier to attack is pretty low,” Dr. Boehnen said. Phone makers could easily increase security by making it harder to match the partial fingerprint, he said, “but the average phone company is more worried about you being annoyed that you have to put your finger against the phone two or three times than they are with someone breaking into it.” Adding a larger fingerprint sensor would also decrease the risk, Dr. Boehnen said. And some newer biometric security options, such as the iris scanner in Samsung’s new Galaxy S8, are harder to fool. Dr. Memon said that despite his research he was still using fingerprint security on his iPhone. “I’m not worried,” he said. “I think it’s still a very convenient way of unlocking a phone. But I’d rather see Apple make me enter the PIN if it’s idle for one hour.” Follow Vindu Goel on Twitter @vindugoel. New York Times Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 322 ← Trump warns China on North Korea: Help solve the problem or ‘we will’ U.S. Navy funds development of robot surveillance system which can spy on humans in incredible detail → One Response to That Fingerprint Sensor on Your Phone Is Not as Safe as You Think # 1 NWO Hatr says: April 11, 2017 at 3:47 pm Never even used the one on my computer, so… Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments NC on China ‘Deploys 150,000 Troops To North Korea Border’ NC on 2017’s ‘Pink Moon’: Here’s what it means NC on Trump warns China on North Korea: Help solve the problem or ‘we will’ NC on The new United Airlines commercial NC on Doctor Kicked Off United Flight Is Felon Who Traded Oxycontin For Gay Sex With Patient BMF on Doctor Kicked Off United Flight Is Felon Who Traded Oxycontin For Gay Sex With Patient Angel-NYC on The cruel autism trick played on vaccine-damaged children flee on China Threatens To Bomb North Korea’s Nuclear Facilities If It Crosses Beijing’s “Bottom Line” Pamala on The Victims Of Illegal Aliens Finally Have A V.O.I.C.E. Wade. on Putin: US Is Preparing To Bomb Damascus And Blame Devastation On Bashar-Al Assad’s Forces Paul on How They Enslave You flee on Doctor Kicked Off United Flight Is Felon Who Traded Oxycontin For Gay Sex With Patient Katie on Doctor Kicked Off United Flight Is Felon Who Traded Oxycontin For Gay Sex With Patient koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on China Threatens To Bomb North Korea’s Nuclear Facilities If It Crosses Beijing’s “Bottom Line” koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Doctor Kicked Off United Flight Is Felon Who Traded Oxycontin For Gay Sex With Patient BMF on Ohio Man Jumps to His Death in Courthouse Before Trial for Raping Girl, 10, and Killing Her and Grandparents Paul on Turkey: Autopsies show sarin gas used against Syrian town BMF on Stepfather of suspect in Wisconsin manhunt: Surrender Hal Apeeno on “Greater Israel”: The Zionist Plan for the Middle East Angel-NYC on How Not To Be Seen – Monty Python’s Flying Circus Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 IDC: Apple’s Mac sales up in Q1 as PC industry records first growth in 5 years Chance Miller - Apr. 11th 2017 3:09 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Mac View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Hot on the heels of Apple’s Mac-focused pre-announcement last week, the IDC is out today with new data concerning the PC industry as a whole. According to the data, worldwide shipments of PCs totaled 60.3 million during Q1 2017, for year-over-year growth of 0.6 percent, while Apple also continued its strong performance… Mujjo Wallet iPhone 7 Case While that growth number is small, it’s notable for the PC manufacturers as it marks the industry’s return to growth after 5 years of declining shipments. The 0.6 percent growth also outshines initial expectations, which had claimed the PC industry would fall by 1.8 percent during the quarter. IDC explains that while PCs face increased competition from smartphones and tablets, consumers are generally delaying their PC purchase rather than forgetting it altogether. Because of this, the IDC believes that Q1 2017 marks the beginning of a “replacement cycle” that will drive industry growth. IDC research manager Jay Chou: “Users have generally delayed PC replacements rather than giving up PCs for other devices. The commercial market is beginning a replacement cycle that should drive growth throughout the forecast. Consumer demand will remain under pressure, although growth in segments like PC Gaming as well as rising saturation of tablets and smartphones will move the consumer market toward stabilization as well.” As for vendor-specific information, today’s data shows strong performance across the board. HP had an especially strong quarter, taking the first place position for the first time since 2013. The company saw growth of 13.1 percent year-over-year. Lenovo comes in second place, with 1.7 percent growth and Dell rounds out the top three with 6.2 percent growth. Holding strong at fourth place, however, is Apple. The company saw 4.1 percent growth in shipments year-over-year, according to the data. Apple’s marketshare rose slightly from 6.7 percent to 6.8 percent. Acer closes out the top five with 2.9 percent growth. Gartner today is also out with its new data, telling a different story than IDC. The Gartner data shows an overall decline for the PC industry by 2.4 percent. This discrepancy in data, however, seems to be due to Chromebooks, which IDC includes in its tracking, but Gartner does not. Last year, IDC data claimed that ChromeOS sales were actually outpacing Mac. Gartner: “Notes: Data includes desk-based PCs, notebook PCs and ultramobile premiums (such as Microsoft Surface), but not Chromebooks or iPads.” IDC: “Traditional PCs include Desktops, Notebooks, and Workstations and do not include Tablets or x86 Servers. Detachable Tablets and Slate Tablets are part of the Personal Computing Device Tracker, but are not addressed in this press release.” The data comes following Apple overhauling its Mac strategy. The company last week announced that it has a new modular Mac Pro coming at some point in the future, as well as new pro-focused iMacs. Additionally, the company reported strong MacBook Pro sales, with Phil Schiller saying: “Obviously, as you know, we just did a very major update to the MacBook Pro line. That’s going very well. Customers absolutely love it, we’ve had a lot of customers buying them. Big numbers, as I said, 20 percent growth year over year. We’re very proud of those products; we know there’s feedback on things that can be done better on them.” Apple has regularly combatted the slowing PC industry, often posting growing shipment numbers despite the industry’s overall decline. Today’s IDC data shows the rest of the industry start to keep pace with Apple. The full press release is below. Traditional PC Market Was Up Slightly, Recording Its First Growth In Five Years as HP Recovered the Top Position, According to IDC FRAMINGHAM, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Worldwide shipments of traditional PCs (desktop, notebook, workstation) totaled 60.3 million units in the first quarter of 2017 (1Q17), posting year-over-year growth of 0.6%, according to the International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide Quarterly Personal Computing Device Tracker. The previous forecast had expected shipments to decline 1.8% in the quarter. And, while the 0.6% growth was arguably flat, the result nonetheless represented the first foray back into positive territory since Q2 2012, when many users still considered PCs their first computing device. Like the second half of 2016, some of the same forces continue to shape the market. Tight supplies of key components such as NAND and DRAM are affecting inventory dynamics and led a number of vendors to boost shipments to lock in supply ahead of further cost increases. In addition, the market continued along a path of stabilization that began in the latter half of last year, especially as more commercial projects moved out of pilot mode and began shipments in earnest. From a geographic perspective, mature markets again outdid emerging markets. All regions exceeded forecast except for the United States, although the U.S. posted just a slight decline. Despite the generally positive trends, Asia/Pacific (excluding Japan)(APeJ) and Latin America continued to see year-over-year volume declines. “The traditional PC market has been through a tough phase, with competition from tablets and smartphones as well as lengthening lifecycles pushing PC shipments down roughly 30% from a peak in 2011,” said Jay Chou, research manager, IDC PCD Tracker. “Nevertheless, users have generally delayed PC replacements rather than giving up PCs for other devices. The commercial market is beginning a replacement cycle that should drive growth throughout the forecast. Consumer demand will remain under pressure, although growth in segments like PC Gaming as well as rising saturation of tablets and smartphones will move the consumer market toward stabilization as well.” “The U.S. PC market had a weak opening quarter for the year with the consumer PC segment failing to impress after doing fairly well in the previous quarter,” said Neha Mahajan, senior research analyst, Devices & Displays. “Apart from factors such as relatively improved commercial PC performance as well as a few component shortages, which continued to add to a better inventory situation, the overall PC performance for the quarter remained fairly sublime.” Regional Highlights United States: The traditional PC market declined slightly year over year as notebook PCs saw sales slumping this quarter. After a strong holiday season at the end of 2016, the consumer PC market witnessed a comparative slow down this quarter with lower sell-out while the commercial PC market came out strong mostly backed by growth of Chromebooks. Overall, total PC shipments for 1Q17 totaled 13.3 million units. Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA): The EMEA traditional PC market stabilized for the second consecutive quarter, thanks to strong notebook performance. The combination of backlogs, fulfillment from previous quarters, and solid mobility demand in enterprises boosted overall notebook shipments in 1Q17. However, desktops continued to erode, in line with expectations. Asia/Pacific (excluding Japan): The APeJ market remained soft. Weakness in the consumer market persisted, as demand and shipments in many countries were impacted by price increases fueled by tight component supply. The pricing pressure was felt in the Chinese consumer market despite continuing strong demand for gaming and ultraslim notebooks. The commercial market in China performed better, driven by demand in the public sector. The education segment drove shipments in the commercial space, with several projects delivered throughout the region. India saw a rebound after the demonetization severely affected the market in the previous quarter while the back-to-school season allowed for healthy volumes in Korea. Japan: The traditional PC market has recovered with healthy macroeconomics and an emerging PC refreshment cycle, especially in commercial, leading to the first year-on-year growth since Q2 2014. Vendor Highlights HP Inc. took back the top spot for the first time since Q1 2013 after several quarters inching closer to Lenovo. The vendor has focused on building out a deep portfolio and saw a strong quarter in notebooks across all regions. Lenovo held the second position with relative modest growth of 1.7% globally. Lenovo had first-ever decline in the U.S., down 4.2% year over year (its first decline since 2009). Dell captured the third position, grew 6.2% year over year, and continued its positive growth in every region with strong notebook volume. Dell posted growth in all markets, although the U.S. slowed relative to others. Apple kept the fourth position and grew 4.1% year over year. Acer regained the fifth position, growing 2.9% in part due to better comparisons against a challenging 1Q16. Top 5 Vendors, Worldwide Traditional PC Shipments, First Quarter 2017 (Preliminary) (Shipments are in thousands of units) Vendor 1Q17 Shipments 1Q17 Market Share 1Q16 Shipments 1Q16 Market Share 1Q17/1Q16 Growth 1. HP Inc 13,143 21.8% 11,621 19.4% 13.1% 2. Lenovo 12,322 20.4% 12,121 20.2% 1.7% 3. Dell 9,573 15.9% 9,017 15.0% 6.2% 4. Apple 4,201 7.0% 4,036 6.7% 4.1% 5. Acer Group 4,121 6.8% 4,006 6.7% 2.9% Others 16,967 28.1% 19,140 31.9% -11.4% Total 60,328 100.0% 59,942 100.0% 0.6% Source: IDC Worldwide Quarterly Personal Computing Device Tracker, April 11, 2017 Table Notes: Some IDC estimates prior to financial earnings reports. Shipments include shipments to distribution channels or end users. OEM sales are counted under the vendor/brand under which they are sold. Traditional PCs include Desktops, Notebooks, and Workstations and do not include Tablets or x86 Servers. Detachable Tablets and Slate Tablets are part of the Personal Computing Device Tracker, but are not addressed in this press release. Data for all vendors are reported for calendar periods. In addition to the table above, an interactive graphic showing worldwide PCD market share for the top 5 vendors over the previous five quarters is available here. The chart is intended for public use in online news articles and social media. Instructions on how to embed this graphic can be found by viewing this press release on IDC.com. IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Personal Computing Device Tracker gathers detailed market data in over 90 countries. The research includes historical and forecast trend analysis among other data. For more information, or to subscribe to the research, please contact Kathy Nagamine at 650-350-6423 or knagamine@idc.com. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Bose QuietComfort 35s Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Guides Mac View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 12, 3:08 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iOS 11 Update Could Disable Old iPhone Games, Apps By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 04/11/17 AT 5:50 PM Close Apple frequently makes it a point to turn over old products and the latest update could have a big impact on your iOS apps library. When Apple iOS 11 comes this fall, the operating system update will end support for 32-bit apps completely and make those apps and older games unable to run. As Eurogamer points out, Apple hasn’t hidden this issue from users. Older 32-bit games and apps have been displaying a warning messaging when you open them if you’re on the latest version of iOS. In this message, your phone or tablet will say the app may slow down your phone and that the developer needs to update the app. Read: 5 Expected Features Of Apple's Upcoming OS Update Along with older apps, a lot of older notable indie and major developer games are at risk of being disabled on iOS 11. Eurogamer points outs that games like Faster Than Light, DOOM and Super Crate Box haven’t received recent updates for iOS 10 support. If you want to see which apps on your phone would be affected by the update, you can navigate to the App Compatibility page by opening up Settings on your iOS device, clicking General, About and then clicking Applications. Read: iOS 11 Release Could Mean Some Apps Won't Work For Apple, the company has several big reasons to fully make the jump to a 64-bit-based iOS 11 and drop legacy support for 32-bit apps, as the higher-end architecture improves general performance. Developers can still easily update their apps to support later iOS versions, but for the apps and hardware that have been abandoned by developers or had their active support dropped, they’ll soon become obsolete. Related Stories 5 Things You Need To Know About iOS 10.3.1 iOS 11 Rumors: Siri To Get A Boost in Artificial Intelligence, Will Come With Contextual Learning Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business United Airlines Stock Falls Amid Passenger Controversy Just when United likely thought the issue would die down, a newspaper published an extensive bio of the man forcefully pulled from one of its planes. Technology New ‘Star Wars: Battlefront II’ Trailer Features ‘Force Awakens’ Heroes The trailer for “Star Wars: Battlefront II” has been leaked online, and it reveals some interesting things about the game. World Shrimp Species Named After Pink Floyd The newly discovered pistol shrimp is found in the eastern Pacific Ocean, and has a “distinct, almost glowing-pink snapping claw.” National Constituents Yell ‘You Lie’ At Rep. Joe Wilson The Republican Congressman was treated with the same infamous line he used against former President Barack Obama in 2009. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Top 7 smartphones still to look forward to in 2017 International Business Times Owen Hughes 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Clever hidden meanings in 30 famous logos 20 hidden secrets of the $1 bill © Provided by IBT Media (UK) Samsung Galaxy X 3D concept render It's gearing up to be a seminal year for mobile phones and the competition in 2017 is tougher than ever. Mobile World Congress brought us the latest flagships from Sony and LG, meanwhile Samsung is back in fighting form with the Samsung Galaxy S8, which is guaranteed to be one of the biggest smartphones this year. Yet 2017 still holds a lot more in store for tech fans, not least from a certain Californian tech giant and staunch Samsung rival who will unveil its latest headline-stealing handset later this year. At the same time, former mobile king Nokia is set to make a comeback, all the while lesser-known brands begin lining up their latest flagship killers for the global stage. Is the best yet to come? We'll soon find out. In the meantime, here are the seven most important smartphones yet to come in 2017. Popular Searches Toyota Motor Corp TM ▲ 106.40 +0.42 +0.40% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 73.43 +0.37 +0.51% Telstra Corp Ltd TLSYY ▲ 17.32 +0.21 +1.23% Yahoo! Inc YHOO ▼ 46.79 -0.42 -0.89% Apple iPhone 8 © Gabor Balogh iPhone 8 render with Siri AR Perhaps the biggest smartphone launch of 2017 will be the iPhone 8. Apple is rumoured to be readying a very special version of its seminal handset to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the first iPhone, which could come with a larger, curved display similar to the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. We're also hearing whisperings of 3D depth-sensing technology and some form of augmented reality capabilities, given Apple's interest in the technology. Apple typically holds its launch event in early September, but recent reports suggest that the iPhone 8 could face delays getting on shelves. Nokia 9 Talk of a Nokia comeback has been on the cards for years, but 2017 is when we'll finally see it happen. HMD Global, which now owns the Finnish brand, has a number of Android-touting smartphones in store for this year, one of which is rumoured to be a high-end flagship dubbed the Nokia 9. As well as packing the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset and a Samsung-rivalling OLED display, rumours suggest the Nokia 9 will feature a dual-lens 22MP Carl Zeiss camera and 3D Ozo audio, which indicates virtual reality (VR) capabilities. As for when we'll see it, details are hazy for now, although word on the grapevine is that HMD will make the Nokia 9 official this summer. OnePlus 5 © Provided by IBT Media (UK) OnePlus 3T image There's a lot of uncertainty around what Chinese brand OnePlus will call its next handset: While it will be the fourth handset in the manufacturer's flagship series, the number four is considered bad luck in Chinese culture, hence leading to speculation that the OnePlus 4 will actually be branded the OnePlus 5. Since breaking into the smartphone market as an underdog in 2014, OnePlus has become a firm favourite for more budget-conscious users who want a high-end device at half the cost of mainstream brands. The OnePlus 5 is expected to continue the trend when it arrives later in 2017, with reports pointing towards 8GB RAM and the latest version of its Android-based Oxygen operating system. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 The less said about the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 the better, which is why Samsung has a lot riding on the success of the Note 8, which will ultimately decide the fate of the company's phablet brand. The Note 8 is expected to borrow from the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and arrive with the same Infinity Display technology and Bixby voice interface. It will no doubt also pack a huge amount of RAM and, in keeping with previous devices from the rage, include an S-Pen stylus. Samsung usually announces its Note series in Q3, although given that the Galaxy S8 was pushed back for additional safety checks, the same could be true for the Note 8. Google Pixel 2 © IBTimes UK Google Pixel XL There was plenty to love about the Google Pixel, which made its debut in late 2016 and introduced the world to Google Assistant. The company is now said to be working on a handset to supersede the Pixel and Pixel XL that will be launched later in 2017. Details about the Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2, reportedly codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie', are thin on the ground, however there's word that the handsets will take a leaf out of the Samsung Galaxy S8's book and come with a curved OLED display supplied by LG. We also expect Google to improve on the already-excellent camera technology found in the Pixel, as well as upgrade the processor to Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 platform. HTC U 'Ocean' (HTC 11) HTC has been very quiet about the successor to 2016's HTC 10, and has instead busied itself with releasing questionable mid-range devices that seem a little out of place in its smartphone line-up. Thankfully, a slew of recent leaks have sought to shed light on the Taiwanese firm's next Android heavyweight, rumoured to be called the HTC U. The most interesting tidbit we've heard about the HTC U is that it will feature a touch-sensitive frame, allowing users to perform actions by (gently) squeezing the phone. We also expect to see the latest version of HTC's Sense 9.0 overlay, which is one of the better Android overlays out there. We hope to hear more information about the device in the coming weeks, if rumours are to be believed. Samsung Galaxy X © SamMobile A concept render of the Galaxy X Samsung's elusive flexible smartphone continues to be a subject of much speculation, but we do know that it is something the Korean manufacturer is working on. We continue to hear reports suggesting a potential release dates for the so-called Samsung Galaxy X, only for them to come and go with no sign of Samsung's malleable mobile. Part of this could be because Samsung is hesitant to launch such a radically new device, particularly as it tries to steady the ship following last year's Note 7 woes. Unverified reports now point toward a Galaxy X unveiling in Q3 this year, which puts it around the same time we expect to see the Galaxy Note 8. We're hopeful, but we recommend you not getting your hopes up too much for now. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From International Business Times The best Android smartphones of 2016 International Business Times Seven ways your smartphone can upgrade your life International Business Times Apple iPhone 8 release date, price, design and features: Everything we know so far International Business Times International Business Times Visit International Business Times Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close lower as global tensions keep traders on edge CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Summer driving expectations get oil investors excited again Can Trump and Congress solve the Rubik's Cube of tax reform? Click to expand Replay Video 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Scandals spread across social media like wildfire, but burn out just as quickly. After a few days, social media channels seem to forget even the biggest ones, or move on to the next one. Here are a few recent scandals you might not remember: Volkswagen - Dieselgate revealed the car company cheated on emissions tests for years. Wells Fargo - It was discovered that bank employees charged fees on millions of fake accounts. Trump University - The for-profit college was sued for defrauding customers. Wochit Business Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger The airline has a seldom-read contract of carriage that permits it to force passengers off planes, like it did recently in Chicago. Newsy Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane A passenger was forcibly removed from his seat on a United flight to make space for crew after it was overbooked. Now the company's facing lots of backlash. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: There is volatility building CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Wochit Business0:44 Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger Newsy1:08 Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane Business Insider2:31 Amazon is on a roll The Wall Street Journal.0:40 Craft brewers get crafty CNBC1:27 Trump called China a 'currency manipulator.' Does it deserve the label? The Washington Post2:20 Lenders may have helped put the brakes on car sales last month CNBC0:38 Netflix still leads in streaming, but they've got competition Veuer1:04 Will outrage toward United impact ticket sales? Bloomberg3:44 Major merger could affect Colorado's ski resortsCBS Denver1:57 The rising cost of Venezuela's deepening crisis Reuters1:47 Housing prices soar in millennial cities The Wall Street Journal.0:30 Toyota announces $1.33 billion investment in Kentucky plant Wochit Business0:39 How will students be impacted by Trump's school choice agenda? Fox Business3:43 How this brand is still thriving after two centuries CNN Money2:59 Video shows a passenger forcibly dragged off an overbooked United Airlines plane Business Insider1:51 UP NEXT Stocks ended lower Tuesday as investors fretted over geopolitical concerns, pushing haven assets higher. The Dow briefly dropped more than 100 points before closing 6 points lower, with Apple leading decliners. Apple was hit by a countersuit from chipmaker Qualcomm in a dispute over mobile technology licensing fees. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 141.63 -1.54 -1.08% LPL Financial Holdings Inc LPLA ▼ 38.94 -0.17 -0.43% Qualcomm Inc QCOM ▼ 55.35 -1.17 -2.07% TD Ameritrade Holding Corp AMTD ▼ 37.70 -0.25 -0.66% AdChoices The S&P 500 pulled back 0.14 percent, and the Nasdaq shed 0.24 percent. "Equities have been ignoring geopolitical concerns over the past week, but now things are heating up and investors are preparing for some volatility," said Ryan Detrick, a senior market strategist at LPL Financial. The Dow transports were also under pressure, as shares of United Continental pulled back more than 3 percent outrage over a passenger being dragged off an overbooked flight finally caught up to the stock. "There are a number of things that have traders concerned. First, the geopolitical circumstances. Second, if Congress doesn't move quickly, the government will shut down," said JJ Kinahan, a chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade.  Traditional havens like gold rose 1.6 percent to $1,274.50 per ounce, while the benchmark 10-year note yield slipped to 2.309 percent. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday the U.S. will stand up against anyone who commits crimes against humanity. "We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world," Tillerson told reporters before heading to Moscow, where he and Russian officials are expected to discuss last week's suspected chemical attack in Syria. The U.S. responded by launching 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield. But the Trump administration is also navigating through rising tensions with North Korea. On Saturday, a U.S. official told Reuters that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving close to the Korean peninsula as a show of force. President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday: "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." On the economic data front, the NFIB small business optimism index slipped to 104.7 in March from 105.3 in February, but the uncertainty index hit its second-highest level in history. "This just underscores that clarity on fiscal spending and taxes will be the catalyst that gets markets going. The clock is running but apparently no one is paying attention," Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners, said in a note. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Monday said he would like to see tax reform passed by August but did not firmly commit to it. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin had set August as a goal for pushing through tax reform earlier this year. Reuters contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Festival Season Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr BBMAs 2017 News Music Festivals Dance Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Russia's 'Google Tax' Increases Prices for Apple iTunes Match and Google Play 4/11/2017 by Vladimir Kozlov FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Mark Kolbe/Getty Images Red Square in Moscow, Russia.  The double-digit value added tax will also apply to Netflix, Microsoft and Facebook. Prices for iTunes Match and Google Play Music have gone up in Russia as foreign online companies operating here now have to pay "the Google tax" – the value added tax (VAT), which they were previously exempt from. Apple has raised the price of an annual subscription for iTunes Match by 16%. Monthly subscription fees for Apple Music have remained unchanged for now. Google has informed users that due to the changes in the Russian legislation, the value added that an 18 percent VAT will now be added to the price of all subscriptions, including that of Google Play Music. "Google observes the tax legislation in all countries where it operates," a spokesperson for Google in Russia told Billboard. Apple's Russian office did not respond to Billboard's request for comment. The VAT for foreign online companies operating in Russia was introduced last year, effective Jan. 1, 2017. It is to be paid on a quarterly basis and this month, companies will have to pay it for the first time for the period between Jan.–March. In addition to Google and Apple, the tax will also apply to Netflix, Microsoft and Facebook. In 2008, an exemption from VAT was adopted in Russia for foreign software developers. It was subsequently applied to software sales on Apple's AppStore and Google Play and later to sales of music and films on iTunes, Google Play Music and Netflix. In early 2016, however, local online video services and music streaming companies complained that the exemption of their foreign competitors from paying VAT led to "unequal market conditions.” The Russian legislators immediately jumped on the idea of introducing VAT for foreign online companies, which was dubbed "the Google tax." The government estimates it will take in an extra 10 billion rubles ($174 million) a year from the added tax. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Apple deal fears spark another UK tech tumble as investors in Dialog Semiconductor get spooked By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 17:00 EDT, 11 April 2017 | Updated: 17:00 EDT, 11 April 2017 e-mail View comments Dialog Semiconductor supplies computer chips for iPhones More than £1.2billion was wiped off the value of a British tech firm in less than an hour yesterday over fears it would lose a key contract with Apple. Investors in Dialog Semiconductor, which supplies computer chips to the iPhone maker, were spooked after reports Apple was building its own in-house design team. Dialog gets about three quarters of its revenue from Apple – meaning losing this key contract could be catastrophic. Last week fellow tech firm Imagination said Apple was designing its own computer chips and no longer needed to use them. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Should you say goodbye to your home phone line? Toby Walne... Leaving a sour taste? Apple ditches iPhone chip designer... Boom in first-time buyers means they are now borrowing as... World's largest ship sets sail for UK: As big as six... Share this article Share Using its team of 1,300 engineers Dialog designs chips that control the iPhone’s battery life.  But reports yesterday that Apple had built a team of 80 engineers to work on a power management chip of its own sparked fears Dialog would be dropped. Investors agreed, and shares tumbled more than 36 per cent in early trading, though they recovered to end the day down 14.4 per cent or 6.86p to 40.92p. One source told Reuters that Apple was recruiting top Dialog engineers in Munich. However, the share slide eased when other analysts, including at Credit Suisse, said they saw no reason why Apple would build the chip in-house.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Santander fobs off fraud victims in just 24 hours: We... Now that's a mortgage price war! Digital bank Atom... NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches... Millions charged more interest on student loans from... Three tricks to escape the buy-to-let clampdown: Tax... MARKETS CLOSE: Gold stocks push FTSE 100 higher as... Price comparison sites hiding top energy rates: Websites... House price inflation accelerated in February to highest... UK nuclear power project in jeopardy as Toshiba warns it... ASK TONY: Banks lost my £350 donation to charity for... World's largest ship sets sail for UK: As big as six... Couples ditch their Isas to beat new death tax: Widows... Profit from the miracle material that will cure cancer... NS&I slammed over new bond which pays a miserly £6 a year... JD Sports surges to record profit after 81% rise and... UK recruiter's revenue jumps 27% thanks to rebound in... UK nuclear power plans in meltdown as Japanese owner of... How Heathrow plans to make a success out of Brexit and... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS House price inflation accelerated in February to highest level in four months, official figures show ONS. New challenger bank Redwood gets green light from regulators and £30m cash injection from Warrington council Cost of a semi-detached home hits £240,000 - but we reveal the places where average prices top £1MILLION (and two are outside of London) 'Never buy an investment you don't understand - I did and it cost me £500,000' Advice from TV Dragon Deborah Meaden TONY HETHERINGTON: 'We have been charged for years for drains we do not have'. Could YOU reclaim for bogus water charges?  I'm being deprived of £155 full state pension despite paying NI for 45 years because I was 'contracted out' behind my back! Steve Webb replies  'The National Trust's Cadbury Egg Hunt shows how commercialism infects and appropriates our social and cultural life' says ADRIAN LOWERY  The top wines for less than £10 revealed Experts scour the supermarket shelves to bring you the best-value plonk  The property fund hunting for bargains which has returned a tidy 10.1% over the past six months Kames Property Income. I gave my ex money towards his mortgage and paid for things around the home, now we've broken up am I entitled to anything? Expert answers. Annual property price inflation sees weakest February growth for four years According to Halifax. Greater London, Lancashire, Kent and Essex top the list of 'migration hotspots' Report shows Britons typically live 100 miles from where they were born. Letting agents told to scrap sky-high tenant fees as Government reveals plans for a fairer rental market 'Proptech' firm Nested offers to sell your house in 90 days or give you the cash - we meet the man behind it Start-up spotlight. 'Lifetime Isas are not too complicated or dangerous - they WILL help young people' AJ Bell's Tom Selby takes on ex-Pensions Minister Ros Altmann. Forget Brexit concerns and the hassle of holidaying abroad... Britain's holiday park homes now cater to all tastes Why this 'silver' 2p coin could fetch more than 50,000 times its face value Proof you can find treasure in your change! MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Could YOU reclaim for bogus water charges?   'I paid NI for 45 years but won't get full pension'   5 telltale signs of a stock market correction   Santander launches top-paying 5% regular saver   Thailand bids for UK retirees after Brexit   UK house prices expected to rise by £50k by 2021 Latest from Markets How Heathrow plans to make a success out of Brexit and turn Britain into 'the best connected country on earth' MARKET REPORT: Investors cheer another record high for FTSE 250 with JD Sports at the top after reporting a 81% rise in annual profit IN THE MONEY: Stuart Vann, 45, chief exec, Esure, pockets  £2.9m after overseeing the spin-off of Go Compare Boom in first-time buyers means they are now borrowing as much as existing homeowners moving house Investment banks scramble to hire more London staff as global economy booms Apple deal fears spark another UK tech tumble as investors in Dialog Semiconductor get spooked DAILY BRIEFING: High Street cobbler Timpson owner posts £10m revenue boost to £205m UK recruiter's revenue jumps 27% thanks to rebound in City hiring after Brexit triggered slowdown MARKETS CLOSE: Gold stocks push FTSE 100 higher as investors turn to safe havens; UK inflation unchanged UK nuclear power project in jeopardy as Toshiba warns it could go out of business MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 Report: Apple’s Clips app hit a million downloads, peaked at no. 28 on U.S. App Store charts Jordan Kahn - Apr. 11th 2017 2:15 pm PT @JordanKahn Apps & Updates clips View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s recently launched Clips video editing app managed to grab around a million downloads in its first four days on the App Store, that according to a report from TechCrunch using data complied by App Annie and Sensor Tower, two analytics companies that track app rankings. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The million downloads, as the report notes, is the high side of App Annie’s estimate of somewhere between 500,000 to 1,000,000 downloads. Over the weekend following a launch on Thursday last week, the approximately 1 million downloads didn’t allow it to crack the top 20 of the U.S. App Store’s Top Charts, with App Annie claiming the app peaked at no. 28. The report notes that those numbers allowed it to beat Apple’s last standalone app for creators, Music Memos: The day after its debut on Thursday, the app climbed to No. 28 in the App Store, its highest rank so far, per App Annie’s data. To put that in perspective, Apple’s Music Memos app – a fairly niche app aimed at musicians – reached No. 29 that day. Music Memos, we should note, no longer registers on the Top Overall Charts, as App Annie doesn’t track rankings below No. 1750. But according to data from two firms, Sensor Tower and App Annie, Clips already beat Music Memos in terms of downloads, if not rankings. It didn’t, however, continue momentum into the weekend, falling from its high at no. 28 at launch to no. 53 as of today. While the data only tracks the U.S. App Store charts specifically, the report does point out that the U.S. currently accounts for around a quarter of total users by downloads. “The U.S. is currently the largest market for Clips downloads (25% share), says App Annie, followed by China (roughly 16%), with Japan, Russia and Hong Kong rounding out the top five.” The relatively low chart position for Clips is despite several large banners on the App Store and editor’s choice lists giving the app premium placement since launch. For the users that have downloaded Clips, it’s so far averaging a 4 star rating. And the reviewers seem to agree the app offers promising & fun editing features even with a few UI kinks to work out. Our full walkthrough of the app is below: Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides clips View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
< > Menu ESPN Scores NFL NBA MLB NCAAF Soccer NHL … Golf Tennis NCAAM MMA WWE Boxing esports Chalk Analytics NCAAW WNBA NASCAR Jayski Racing Horse RN FB RN BB NCAA LLWS Olympic Sports Special Olympics X Games Cricket Rugby Endurance CFL More ESPN Fantasy Listen Watch Horse RacingHorse HomeHome DRF EntriesDRF Entries DRF ResultsDRF Results Race of the DayRace of the Day TournamentsTournaments TicketsTickets Stellar Wind tops Apple Blossom entries 11hMary Rampellini | Daily Racing Form Gormley gets winning trip in Santa Anita Derby 3dJay Privman | Daily Racing Form Irish War Cry makes noise with Wood Memorial win 3dDavid Grening | Daily Racing Form Irap takes lethargic Blue Grass Stakes 3dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form Green Gratto upsets Carter 'Cap at 54-1 3dJim Dunleavy | Daily Racing Form Paulassilverlining makes first start for Brown a winner 3dNicole Russo | Daily Racing Form Sailor's Valentine surprises in Ashland 3dByron King | Daily Racing Form Miss Sky Warrior dominates Gazelle 3dJim Dunleavy | Daily Racing Form Nakatani guides Hillhouse High to upset win 3dJay Privman | Daily Racing Form Send It In gets by Tu Brutus to win Excelsior 3dDavid Grening | Daily Racing Form Big Score settles score in Transylvania 4dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form Ashland Stakes anyone's race 5dByron King | Daily Racing Form New stablemates face off in Madison Stakes 5dNicole Russo | Daily Racing Form How to play Keeneland Friday, April 7 5dMike Watchmaker | Daily Racing Form Mongolian Saturday at home on Keeneland turf 5dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form A. P. Indian hopes to rebound in Commonwealth 5dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form Trainer O'Neill hopes Iliad can deliver roses 6dJay Privman | Daily Racing Form Oscar Performance looks to dazzle in Transylvania 6dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form McCraken made early favorite for Blue Grass 7dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form J Boys Echo looks to fill big shoes for Romans 6dMarty McGee | Daily Racing Form Girvin camp now turns focus to Kentucky Derby 9dJay Privman/Daily Racing Form Stellar Wind tops field of six entered in Apple Blossom Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email comment 3:43 PM ET Mary Rampellini | Daily Racing Form Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email print comment HOT SPRINGS, Ark. -- Champion and highweight Stellar Wind drew post 3 in a field of six fillies and mares for the Grade 1, $600,000 Apple Blossom Handicap, to be run Friday at Oaklawn. Entries for the 1 1/16-mile race were taken Tuesday. The Apple Blossom is part of the Racing Festival of the South, a series of seven stakes worth a total of $3.45 million run over the final three dates of the meet, which closes Saturday. The card Friday at Oaklawn also will include the Grade 3, $400,000 Fantasy, a points race for the Kentucky Oaks. It drew 12 3-year-old fillies. The festival closes Saturday with the Grade 1, $1 million Arkansas Derby. Stellar Wind will be making her first start since November, when she finished fourth to Beholder in the Breeders' Cup Distaff. She was scheduled to arrive on the Oaklawn backstretch early afternoon Tuesday, along with other stakes horses flying in from Southern California. Victor Espinoza has the mount on Stellar Wind, the 122-pound highweight, who is owned by Hronis Racing and trained by John Sadler. More from Daily Racing Form MORE HEADLINES FROM DAILY RACING FORM BET YOUR FAVORITE TRACKS AND GET A $125 CASH BONUS DRF LIVE: STAY INFORMED UP TO THE MINUTE The Apple Blossom will go as the ninth race on a 10-race card that starts at 1:30 p.m. Central. The complete field from the rail with weights and riders is: Terra Promessa (118), Jose Ortiz; Durango (112), Ramon Vazquez; Stellar Wind (122), Victor Espinoza; Divine Elegance (113), Glenn Corbett; Tiger Moth (113), Ricardo Santana Jr.; and Streamline (117), Chris Landeros. Durango was a surprise entrant in the Apple Blossom. She will be stretching back out to two turns off a third-place finish in an allowance sprint at Oaklawn. Trainer Randy Morse said Tuesday morning she was entered because of the small field. "She's doing really well," he said. "It's a Grade 1, and a six-horse field. She could place. That's huge for a mare." The Fantasy will reward its first four finishers with Kentucky Oaks eligibility points on a scale of 100-40-20-10. The 1 1/16-mile race will go as the eighth on Friday. The field from the rail with riders is: Chanel's Legacy, Alex Birzer; My Sweet Stella, Ramon Vazquez; Benner Island, Ricardo Santana Jr.; Drinks On Broadway, Joe Johnson; Vexatious, Kent Desormeaux; Kell Paso, Joe Rocco Jr.; Dutch Parrot, Calvin Borel; Conquest Bandido, Channing Hill; Torrent, Jose Ortiz; Spooky Woods, Flavien Prat; Conquest Slayer, Jorge Carreno; and Ever So Clever, Luis Contreras. The draw for the Arkansas Derby and the three other Saturday stakes will take place Wednesday. The forecast for Friday is partly cloudy skies and a high of 81 degrees, with a 10 percent chance of precipitation, according to The Weather Channel. Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email comment Sponsored Headlines Comments ABOUT COOKIES We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies. OK
Stallion Register TrueNicks Auction Edge The Source Sign In Search BloodHorse.com Home Daily News Triple Crown Racing Breeding Stallions Sales International Horses Blogs Subscribe More Stellar Wind Blows Into Oaklawn Park for Apple Blossom By Evan Hammonds @BH_EHammonds April 11, 2017 5:08 PM Thoroughbred Racing, Breeders' Cup, Midwest Region Photo: Coady Photography Stellar Wind arrived at Oaklawn Park April 11 for her run in the Apple Blossom Handicap Print Email Facebook Twitter Comment Oaklawn Park’s Apple Blossom Handicap (G1) has been an ideal springboard for West Coast-based fillies and mares for some time—think two-time winner Zenyatta and three-time winner Azeri. The 2017 running of the 1 1/16-mile race April 14 in Hot Springs, Ark., puts another California-based champion in the spotlight as Stellar Wind is among six entered for the $600,000 race. Hronis Racing’s daughter of Curlin   makes her 5-year-old bow in the Apple Blossom and will carry top weight of 122 pounds, four more than Stonestreet Stables’ homebred Terra Promessa, a five-time winner at Oaklawn, and five more than Nancy Vanier and Cartwright Thoroughbreds’ Streamline, upset winner of the Azeri Stakes (G2), Oaklawn’s prep for the Apple Blossom. Stellar Wind, who will have regular rider Victor Espinoza in the irons, was champion 3-year-old filly of 2015 and topped champion Beholder twice in their four meetings last year. Last year Stellar Wind fell just 1 1/2 lengths shy of Beholder in the Vanity Mile Stakes (G1) at Santa Anita before topping Beholder in back to back efforts at the Apple Blossom distance in grade 1 stakes in Southern California. Stellar Wind closed out the year with a fourth in the Longines Breeders' Cup Distaff (G1), won by Beholder. For Stellar Wind's first start since her Nov. 4 Breeders' Cup race, trainer John Sadler has been able to put in a steady string of works in the chestnut mare, her last coming April 7 at Santa Anita where she went five furlongs in 1:00 3/5. Out of the Malibu Moon   mare Evening Star, Stellar Wind makes her first foray out of Southern California since running second in the 2015 Distaff at Keeneland. "We gave her a vacation after the Breeders' Cup, and with Southern California having such a wet January and February, we were going to be pressed to have her ready for the Santa Margarita," Sadler said. "The Apple Blossom is such a classic and prestigious race." Terra Promessa, also by Curlin, and out of the Yes It's True mare Missile Bay, counters Stellar Wind’s Oaklawn debut by having won three graded stakes over the track. Last year she swept the grade 3 stakes for 3-year-old fillies—the Honeybee and Fantasy stakes—and this year won the listed Pippin Stakes and grade 3 Bayakoa Stakes for trainer Steve Asmussen. Traffic issues in the seven-horse Azeri contest may have compromised her from doing her best as she finished fifth at 3-10 under Irad Ortiz Jr. Ortiz’s brother, Jose, will ride in the Apple Blossom. Streamline has a 2-2-3 career mark in seven starts at Oaklawn and made her biggest splash last time out with her one-length score in the Azeri at 12-1 after finishing behind Terra Promessa in the Bayakoa and Pippin. Vanier is the widow of longtime top trainer Harvey Vanier, who trained top runners such as Play Fellow and Western Playboy prior to his death in 2013. Streamline (Straight Line  —Love Handles, by Sahm) is a fifth-generation product of the Vaniers' breeding program. A $15,000 purchase, Streamline’s sire, by Boundary, won the 2004 Iroquois Stakes (G3) and the 2005 Ack Ack Handicap (G3) for Nancy Vanier and William Cartwright. A year ago Streamline was second in the Apple Blossom behind Forever Unbridled. Tags Beholder Curlin Stellar Wind Streamline Terra Promessa Steve Asmussen John Sadler Hronis Racing Malibu Moon Oaklawn Park Apple Blossom Harvey Vanier Nancy Vanier Related Content Pippin Trio Back in Bayakoa Stellar Wind Upsets Beholder in Hirsch Stellar Wind to Challenge Beholder Again Champs Beholder, Stellar Wind Set for Vanity Champ Stellar Wind Logs First Breeze of 2016 Stellar Wind Back to Work at Santa Anita Beholder, Stellar Wind Renew Rivalry Beholder Works Toward Hirsch at Del Mar Stellar Wind Rolls in Santa Anita Oaks Most Popular Stories Stellar Wind Blows Into Oaklawn Park for Apple Blossom McCraken Joins Other Derby Hopefuls at Churchill Steve Haskin's Derby Dozen - April 11, 2017 Gormley Officially to Spendthrift on Retirement Tiny, Mighty Bellavais No Pushover in Appalachian Millionaire Supah Blitz Euthanized Langford Believes Untrapped his Most Talented Horse Undefeated 3-Year-Old One Liner Out Indefinitely Grade 1 Winner Dortmund Retired L and N Racing on Fast Track With Lookin At Lee In Today's Edition Moquett Hangs Hopes for Derby Return on Petrov Plus news, analysis, entries, results & replays Download Today's Edition Or Download the App BloodHorse Daily Free and Brought to you Daily Get the latest insider news, analysis, entries and results on your phone or sent to your email! Sign Up News Sections Latest News Triple Crown Racing Breeding Sales International Pedigree Analysis Horse Health Handicapping TOBA Press Releases Breeders' Cup Search By Date PrevNext April 2017 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             Regional News Midwest Kentucky Southwest Southeast Northeast Mid-Atlantic West Inside Triple Crown Triple Crown News Steve Haskin's Derby Dozen Derby Prep Races Derby Contenders Triple Crown Nominations 2017 Triple Crown Races Kentucky Derby May 6, 6:34 PM ET on NBC Preakness Stakes May 20 Belmont Stakes June 10 Triple Crown History Triple Crown Winners All 12 winners of the Triple Crown Near Misses Winners of the Derby and Preakness Race Histories Winners of all three classics Inside Racing Racing News Race Results & Video Race Replays Entries Stakes Calendar Handicapping Triple Crown Breeders' Cup Racetracks Race Meet Calendar Eclipse Awards Leaders By Earnings Horses Jockeys Trainers Owners Breeders Search Race Results Date All Available Tracks Aiken - AIK Albuquerque - ALB Aqueduct - AQU Arapahoe Park - ARP Arlington Park - AP Assiniboia Downs - ASD Belmont Park - BEL Belterra Park - BTP Camden - CAM Canterbury Park - CBY Charles Town Races & Slots - CT Churchill Downs - CD Del Mar - DMR Delaware Park - DEL Delta Downs - DED Ellis Park - ELP Emerald Downs - EMD Evangeline Downs - EVD Fair Meadows - FMT Fair Grounds - FG Fairmount Park - FP Finger Lakes - FL Fort Erie - FE Foxfield - FX Fresno - FNO Golden Gate Fields - GG Great Meadow - GRM Gulfstream Park - GP Gulfstream Park West - GPW Hastings Racecourse - HST Hawthorne - HAW Hazel Park - HP Indiana Downs - IND Keeneland - KEE Kentucky Downs - KD Laurel Park - LRL Lone Star Park - LS Los Alamitos Race Course - LRC Louisiana Downs - LAD Mahoning Valley Racecourse - MVR Meadowlands - MED Middleburg - MID Monmouth Park - MTH Mountaineer Race Track And Gaming Resort - MNR Northlands Park - NP Oaklawn Park - OP Oak Tree At Pleasanton - OTP Parx Racing - PRX Penn National - PEN Pimlico - PIM Prairie Meadows - PRM Presque Isle Downs - PID Remington Park - RP Retama Park - RET Ruidoso Downs - RUI Sacramento - SAC Sam Houston Race Park - HOU Santa Rosa - SR Santa Anita Park - SA Saratoga - SAR Stockton - STK Suffolk Downs - SUF Sunland Park - SUN Sunray Park - SRP Tampa Bay Downs - TAM Thistledown - TDN Timonium - TIM Turf Paradise - TUP Turfway Park - TP Will Rogers Downs - WRD Woodbine - WO Zia Park - ZIA All Available Types Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up) Other Stakes ($50,000 and up) Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up) Maiden Special ($20,000 and up) Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up) Inside Breeding Breeding News Newcomers Pedigree Analysis Report of Mares Bred North American Sire Lists All Sires First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2YOs Turf Sires All-Weather Sires Sires by AEI N. American Sires Broodmare Sires State & Regional Sire Lists Select a State or Region Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Search Stallions Advanced Search Stallion Register Online Related Sites TrueNicks Search Stallions Advanced Search North American Sire Lists All Sires First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2YOs Turf Sires All-Weather Sires Sires by AEI N. American Sires Broodmare Sires State & Regional Sire Lists Select a State or Region Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Int'l Sire Lists All Sires By N. Am. Earnings First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2-Year-Olds Sale Averages Worldwide Leaders Sires Broodmare Sires Covering Sires N. American Leaders Sires Broodmare Sires Inside Sales Sales News State of the Market Sale Calendar Auctions Digest of 2015 Hip-by-Hip Results Search by Horse Search by Sale Search by Price Search by Buyer/Seller Leading Sires Sires Broodmare Sires Sires of Sire Covering Sires Leading People Buyers Consignors Breeders Related Sites Auction Edge TrueNicks Inside International International News Race Results Sale Results International Video International Sire Lists All Sires By N. Am. Earnings First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2-Year-Olds Search International Race Results Date All Available Tracks Ascot - ASC Ayr - AYR Baden Baden - BAD Bordeaux Le Bouscat - LBS Cagnes-Sur-Mer - CSM Camarero Race Track - CMR Chantilly - CHY Chester - CHE Clairefontaine-Deauville - CD Compiegne - CMP Cork - COR Craon - CRA Curragh - CUR Deauville - DEA Doncaster - DON Dortmund - DOR Dundalk - DUN Dusseldorf - DUS Epsom - EPS Fairyhouse - FAH Fontainebleau - FBL Galway - GAL Goodwood - GOO Gowran Park - GOW Hamburg - HBG Hannover - HAN Haydock Park - HAY Hoppegarten - HOP Kempton Park - KEM Killarney - KIL Koln - KOL Krefeld - KRE La Teste De Buch - BOR Leopardstown - LEO Lingfield - LIN Longchamp - LCH Lyon-Parilly - LYP Maisons-Laffitte - ML Milan - MIL Munchen - MCH Naas - NAA Navan - NAV Newbury - NBY Newcastle - NC Newmarket - NEW Nottingham - NOT Pisa - PIS Pontefract - PON Rome - ROM Royal Windsor - WDS Saint Cloud - STC Salisbury - SAL Sandown Park - SAN Tipperary - TIP Tokyo - TOK Toulouse - TOU Vichy - VHY York - YOR All Available Types Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up) Other Stakes ($50,000 and up) Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up) Maiden Special ($20,000 and up) Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up) Find Horses Search Horses 2017 Leaders by Earnings Arrogate Shaman Ghost Neolithic Girvin Irap View Full List Trending Horses Always Dreaming Gunnevera McCraken Irish War Cry Tapwrit Recent Stakes Winners Macagone Highway Star Sweet Loretta Union Strike Miss Sky Warrior View Full List Blog Stable Hangin' With Haskin by Steve Haskin Haskin's Derby Dozen by Steve Haskin Unlocking Winners by J. Keeler Johnson What's Going On Here by Blood-Horse Editors Keeping Pace by Frank Angst MarketWatch by Eric Mitchell Through the Lens by Anne M. Eberhardt TrueNicks by Byron Rogers & Alan Porter Choose the magazine edition that works best for you! Subscribe Now BloodHorse Daily Free and Brought to you Daily Sign Up Newsletters & Alerts Sign up for our free weekly email newsletters and alerts, filled with race previews and results, news of the week, or breaking news. Sign Up Video That Handicapping Show A weekly show dedicated to handicappers and horse players. All Video News Triple Crown Sales Race Videos Breeders' Cup International Podcasts Photos Slideshows Photo Store Special Features Longform Interactives Reports Free Reports Premium Reports Industry Library Health Zone Regional Reports State Medication Rules Resources Classifieds Industry Directory Stakes Calendar More Calendars Shop Stallion Register TrueNicks Auction Edge Shop Eclipse Press Custom Publishing The Source Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Subscriptions Magazine Magazine Tablet Edition BloodHorse Daily Newsletters & Alerts RSS Products & Services Our Company Media Kit Our Products Custom Publishing Contact Contact Us Editorial Staff Advertising Staff Give Feedback Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Community Policy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Blood-Horse LLC. All rights reserved internationally. Close
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Bill O'Reilly goes on vacation amid sponsor backlash Spicer apologizes for 'insensitive' reference to Holocaust Cops: Traffic stop yields 21 bundles of heroin News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories North Korea vows tough response Iraq: Islamic State losing land it seized Tillerson says Assad era 'coming to an end' Case could unmask NYPD mole Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Pomeranz is sharp in his season debut Blue Jays drop 6th straight home opener Cespedes puts on a show Hawks clinch 5th seed in East Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Toshiba's survival in doubt Llenroc mansion headed for foreclosure United Airlines facing PR fiasco Hemp groups eye fashion, food, oil after budget wins Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts Talk Mio Posto to take over Lark & Lily space Trans-Siberian Orchestra's Paul O'Neill dies at 61 Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Reader-submitted photos for National Pet Day 2017 Where to eat on Central Avenue, according to Yelp Weakened tie throws East Coast off the rails 2nd Place — Small Employer: Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives SPAC hosts annual Rock & Run on May 21 SUNY Adirondack students receive Chancellor’s Award for June 3: Greene County Historical Society Tour of Homes Poll: Which Easter candy is the worst? TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Building's 1962 design heading for a 2017 update Paul Grondahl: A bon vivant squeezes every last drop out of life Editorial: Housing for all in Albany Chris Rock stellar at the Palace Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Tuscan-inspired in Clifton Park Open house April 27 at the Electric City Innovation Center What's new on the real estate scene Deeds & Deals Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Buffalo Wild Wings: Free shareable app when you buy boneless Money-saving Honest Weight Co-op coupons in today’s TU Target: Market Pantry eggs just 79 cents per dozen Kohl’s: 30% off + $10 off girl’s and men’s wear MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Albany-County-Jail-inmate-dies-11066202.php Albany County Jail inmate dies By Lauren Stanforth Updated 4:12 pm, Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Photo: Lori Van Buren Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo Exterior of the Albany County Correctional Facility in Colonie, N.Y. Exterior of the Albany County Correctional Facility in Colonie, N.Y. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Albany County Jail inmate dies 1 / 1 Back to Gallery COLONIE — Albany County Sheriff Craig D. Apple Sr. announced Tuesday that an inmate at the Albany County Correctional Facility died April 2. Apple put out a news release that said around 8:30 a.m. that Sunday, a corrections officer was conducting a security round when they discovered an inmate who was unresponsive in his cell. Apple said corrections officers and correctional facility medical staff performed CPR on the inmate, 62-year-old Abdul Labib of Albany. Labib was transported to Albany Memorial Hospital and later pronounced dead, the sheriff's office said. Apple told the Times Union an autopsy was conducted that found Labib died of cardiac arrhythmia due to severe coronary artery disease. The sheriff did not say what conviction or charges Labib was facing the resulted in his jail stay. News Videos Most Popular 1 Albany homicide victim has family connection to Mayor Sheehan 2 A.M. Roundup: That free tuition? There’s a catch 3 Motorcyclist injured in crash that closes part of I-787 4 Woman dead, two people injured in Greenfield crash 5 Albany County Jail inmate dies 6 SEEN: Chris Rock at the Palace Theatre 7 Albany shooting likely a targeted killing, police say View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
WED, APR 12, 2017 | 6 °C Overcast Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 5 hours ago Ontario moving to address overdose data gap Ontario coroner to implement new death investigations for quicker opioid... Latest News SEE MORE Saskatchewan woman wins $1 million lottery Subdivision proposal on Pinebush Road unsettles Cambridge councillors Prof apologizes to judge after making complaint Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 3 hours ago Med school mash-ups inspired startup In the white-hot intensity of medical school, Michael Pazaratz made... Latest Business News SEE MORE Feds propose changes for budget watchdog More sundae cups recalled over Listeria risk Manufacturers say hydro plan doesn't help them Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 1 hour ago Hield, Lawson lead Kings past Suns, 129-104 Hield, Lawson lead Kings past Suns, 129-104 Latest Sports News SEE MORE NBA Capsules Japanese figure skating star Mao Asada bids farewell Romo basks in honorary day with Mavs before Nuggets' win Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago Hamilton: A View From Here “Hamilton: A View From Here” is a collection of work by McMaster students... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Talk TV Octavia Spencer ‘was not going to be deterred’ Kate Hudson's family's huge work ethic Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 3 hours ago Trump and Tillerson crossed up on Russian meddling Before departing for a closely watched trip to Russia this week, Secretary... Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 14 hours ago The shot that shook the world. Or Canada at least Our diplomatic edge was ice. Latest Stories SEE MORE Everything’s ducky 5 great road trip destinations within Ontario to escape Toronto this spring and summer Adoring fans line up at Lilly Singh appearance in Brampton Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 3 hours ago Playing with Peeps: Five sweet recipes that use Easter candy Erin Brown, owner of Dolce Bakery in Prairie Village, Kan., says her... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Lemon cream pasta with spinach and peas recalls colours of spring Wednesday, April 12: Your daily horoscope Easter home décor: a touch of whimsy Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off Canadian Haddock Fillets discount: 51% | value: $65.00 | You Save: $33.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Protect your auto – invest in regular service Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 51% off Canadian Haddock Fillets discount: 51% | value: $65.00 | You Save: $33.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Vendor-managed inventory: reduce the hassle of inventory management Home News Business Fingerprint sensors on phone are not as secure as... | 10 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Fingerprint sensors on phone are not as secure as you think Smartphones can be easily cracked Rogers Kisby,The New York Times Research by Nasir Memon, professor of computer science and engineering, at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering, suggests that fingerprint security features on smartphones can be easily cracked. Sample fingerpints Handout via The New York Times This image shows sample fingerprints that researchers at New York University and Michigan State University compared against the so-called MasterPrints. Solid black lines around a print indicate a match. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Vindu Goel SAN FRANCISCO — Fingerprint sensors have turned modern smartphones into miracles of convenience. A touch of a finger unlocks the phone — no password required. With services such as Apple Pay or Android Pay, a fingerprint can buy a bag of groceries, a new laptop or even a $1-million vintage Aston Martin. And pressing a finger inside a banking app allows the user to pay bills or transfer thousands of dollars. While such wizardry is convenient, it has also left a gaping security hole. New findings published this week by researchers at New York University and Michigan State University suggest that smartphones can easily be fooled by fake fingerprints digitally composed of many common features found in human prints. In computer simulations, the researchers from the universities were able to develop a set of artificial "MasterPrints" that could match real prints similar to those used by phones as much as 65 per cent of the time. The researchers did not test their approach with real phones, and other security experts said the match rate would be significantly lower in real-life conditions. Still, the findings raise troubling questions about the effectiveness of fingerprint security on smartphones. "It's almost certainly not as worrisome as presented, but it's almost certainly pretty darn bad," said Andy Adler, a professor of systems and computer engineering at Carleton University in Ottawa, who studies biometric security systems. "If all I want to do is take your phone and use your Apple Pay to buy stuff, if I can get into one in 10 phones, that's not bad odds." Full human fingerprints are difficult to falsify, but the finger scanners on phones are so small that they read only partial fingerprints. When a user sets up fingerprint security on an Apple iPhone or a phone that runs Google's Android software, the phone typically takes eight to 10 images of a finger to make it easier to make a match. And many users record more than one finger — say, the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Since a finger swipe has to match only one stored image to unlock the phone, the system is vulnerable to false matches. "It's as if you have 30 passwords and the attacker only has to match one," said Nasir Memon, a professor of computer science and engineering at NYU's Tandon School of Engineering, who is one of three authors of the study, which was published in IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. Memon said their findings indicated that, if you could somehow create a magic glove with a MasterPrint on each finger, you could get into 40 to 50 per cent of iPhones within the five tries allowed before the phone demands the numeric password, known as a personal identification number. Apple said the chance of a false match in the iPhone's fingerprint system was 1 in 50,000 with one fingerprint enrolled. Ryan James, a company spokesperson, said Apple had tested various attacks when developing its Touch ID system, and also incorporated other security features to prevent false matches. Google declined to comment. The actual risk is difficult to quantify. Apple and Google keep many details of their fingerprint technology secret, and the dozens of companies that make Android phones can adapt Google's standard design in ways that reduce the level of security. Stephanie Schuckers, a professor at Clarkson University and director of the Center for Identification Technology Research, was cautious about the implications of the MasterPrint findings. She said the researchers used a mid-range, commercially available software program that was designed to match full fingerprints, limiting the broader applicability of their findings. "To really know what the impact would be on a cellphone, you'd have to try it on the cellphone," she said. She noted that cellphone makers and others who use fingerprint security systems are studying anti-spoofing techniques to detect the presence of a real finger, such as looking for perspiration or examining patterns in deeper layers of skin. A new fingerprint sensor from Qualcomm, for example, uses ultrasound. Phone makers also said that the ease of touching a finger to unlock a phone meant more users actually turned on security features instead of leaving their phones unlocked — a common habit in the early days of smartphones. Ross acknowledged the limitations of the work. "Most of the current smartphone vendors do not give us access to the fingerprint image," he said. Still, the team's fundamental finding that partial fingerprints are vulnerable to spoofing is significant, said Chris Boehnen, the manager of the federal government's Odin program, which studies how to defeat biometric security attacks as part of the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. "What's concerning here is that you could find a random phone, and your barrier to attack is pretty low," Boehnen said. Phone makers could easily increase security by making it harder to match the partial fingerprint, he said, "but the average phone company is more worried about you being annoyed that you have to put your finger against the phone two or three times than they are with someone breaking into it." Adding a larger fingerprint sensor would also decrease the risk, Boehnen said. And some newer biometric security options, such as the iris scanner in Samsung's new Galaxy S8, are harder to fool. Memon said that, despite his research, he was still using fingerprint security on his iPhone. "I'm not worried," he said. "I think it's still a very convenient way of unlocking a phone. But I'd rather see Apple make me enter the PIN if it's idle for one hour." The New York Times | Latest News Local Data from accused murderer’s own alarm company proves there were no intruders, detective says Snapshot Local Kitchener maps its urban forest Snapshot Ontario Helicopter, thermal imaging, police dogs catch candy thieves at Canada’s Wonderland Snapshot Business Med school mash-ups inspired startup Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE ‘This is getting ridiculous,’ detective tells Cambridge man accused of murdering wife Guelph real estate agent solves the mystery of BooBoo the cat’s incredible journey Markham woman faces $10,800 fine or has to plant 18 trees King Street in uptown Waterloo to undergo construction, again United Airlines defends employees’ actions after man dragged off plane In Your Neighbourhood Today Rainbow Eavestroughing can redesign your downspout system, install a rain barrel Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener wants to ensure your downspouts are functioning properly and in... Boulevard Limousine covers all of your business transportation needs If you are in the corporate or business world, you know that time is money, so Kitchener-Waterloo’s... Satisfy your crowd with catering from Verona Pizza & Grill Verona Pizza & Grill in Kitchener offers you a variety of tasty choices from among not only their... 5 great road trip destinations within Ontario to escape Toronto this spring and summer Think booking a flight is the only way to get a real vacation from the big city? Consider this:... Mental illness: All too common, but awareness can help James Morris and staff of James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge take social responsibility... How to protect your home from water damage Water damage to your home can be devastating, something that James W A Morris Insurance Group Inc.... A taste of the country at Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a quaint country store located in the heart of Waterloo County... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Cosmetic dentistry can give you the smile you’ve always wanted Dr. A. Reddy and her team of dental professionals at King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo can... Tips to create the perfect orange citrus planter With the official first day of spring behind us, gardeners and DIY enthusiasts are gearing up for a... Trust RCT Bins for your business's weekly garbage service Kitchener’s RCT Bins understands how important garbage collection is for your business, and that’s... When there's no time to cook, Your Village Market has you covered Let Your Village Market in Cambridge help make your next meal easy and delicious. They'll do the... Account allocation is key within a successful investment portfolio Everyone knows they should save for a better future, but how much you'll actually get out of your... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Automotive climate control: The key to driving comfort Morrison Automotive in Cambridge specializes in complete automotive repair services for all makes... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... Enjoy retro eats at local ’50s themed diner Take a step back in time to the ’50s at Wimpy’s Diner in Cambridge. With its retro decor and menu... Renovations that make the most of your home while increasing value If you're looking to invest some money in your home that will likely get you a higher selling... Treat your dog to stress-free grooming Canine Clipper Professional Dog Grooming in Cambridge wants to make sure dogs receive the same... Invest for income in your RRSP – Regardless of your age When it comes to investing, conventional wisdom often tells us to invest for growth when we’re... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 50% off Food and Drink Show Tickets $7 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Wild Argentine Red Shrimp with the Shell On $40 View Deal Up to 50% off Admission to the KW Pet Expo $6 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal 60% off a Furnace Maintenance Package $59 View Deal 40% off Wild Pacific Salmon Portions $42 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Med school mash-ups inspired startup More sundae cups recalled over Listeria risk Price of gold surges to five-month high Toshiba casts doubt on its ability to stay in business Bank of Canada to weigh in on the economy PreviousNext Winners and losers in Manitoba's budget Bank of Canada to weigh in on the economy The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: Niels Epting Software developer details the Mac Pro that Apple should build Yoni Heisler @edibleapple April 11th, 2017 at 3:45 PM Share Tweet In an effort to stem the narrative that it no longer cares about professional users, Apple last week announced that it’s busy working on new hardware designed specifically for developers and creative professionals. Most notably, Apple said that it was finally going to revamp the Mac Pro, a machine it essentially let sit idle for more than three years. “With regards to the Mac Pro,” Phil Schiller said to select tech outlets last week, “we are in the process of what we call completely rethinking the Mac Pro’. We’re working on it. We have a team working hard on it right now, and we want to architect it so that we can keep it fresh with regular improvements, and we’re committed to making it our highest-end, high-throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers.” Don't Miss: It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 Predictably, Apple re-committing to the Mac Pro was music to the ears of many pro users who, for quite some time now, have felt abandoned by the company. And though Apple rolled out a new MacBook Pro late last year, even that was widely met with a tepid response from users who viewed the machine as overpriced and under-powered. While Apple’s new Mac Pro may not see the light of day until 2019, that hasn’t stopped pro users from theorizing about what their dream machine would look like. Recently, Justin Williams penned an interesting post on Carpeaqua detailing what his ideal next-gen Mac Pro would offer up to users. Now to be fair, Williams is a software developer, which is to say his personalized wish-list might vary a bit from what, say, a video editor or research scientist might be hoping for, but Williams’ list nonetheless provides us with an interesting jumping off point. On the CPU front, Williams explains why he’s really looking for more cores. In terms of speed, the reality is that I haven’t been hamstrung by CPU performance in years. What I need more than faster CPUs is more cores. The trash can Mac Pro got this right. My iMac maxes out at 4-cores. I’m going to want at least 8 for a Mac Pro. Anything more than that seems overkill for me personally, but I can appreciate others might need 12 or more. What will I use 8 cores for? Parallelizing my compilation in hopes of speeding it up. Remember the brouhaha surrounding Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro not featuring DDR4 RAM? Well, with a new Mac Pro on the horizon, Williams already has his eyes set on DDR5 RAM. I know you all love DDR3, but DDR5 is a thing now… If I’m going to buy a new tower that I expect to last for several years, I’m going to need at least 64GB of RAM. I’d take more if possible though!… What am I using all this RAM for? I don’t necessarily need it for building my app in Xcode, but when you add the virtual machines I run in Parallels for testing, Docker containers, and how the dozens of tabs I keep open at any given time it adds up. Make sure to check out Williams’ full post for a well-reasoned and lengthy rundown of what the Mac Pro of the future may or should look like. It’s been a long time since the notion of a new Mac Pro was even a possibility, so now, more than ever, it’s fun to sit back and conjure up dream scenarios. Tags: Apple, Mac Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought 2 Tech It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 3 Lifestyle ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video 4 Tech We may have just uncovered another new iPhone 8 feature 5 Tech Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way Picked For You Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Plus speed test: It’s not even close By Zach Epstein April 10th at 9:16 AM Google and Nokia might finally make the Android phone fans are dying for By Chris Smith April 7th at 8:00 PM NES Classic Edition is in stock now on Amazon, and prices have dropped significantly By Maren Estrada April 10th at 8:20 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics SHLD GLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Samsung retakes smartphone vendor crown from Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. Loses Top Smartphone Vendor Crown to Samsung (AAPL) Samsung smartphone sales have recovered enough to take the crown from AAPL as the world's top smartphone brand By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 11, 2017, 4:12 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: Amazon.com, Inc. Pads Its Amazon Prime Perks (AMZN) Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until November Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Is Countersuing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Recent Posts: Apple Inc. Loses Top Smartphone Vendor Crown to Samsung (AAPL) Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Is Countersuing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Poised to Kick 32-Bit Apps From App Store View All Posts A report for Q1 2017 smartphone sales shows that Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) run as the world’s top smartphone vendor by sales was short-lived. Source: Apple Rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) regained the crown, capturing 26.1% of global smartphone sales for the quarter, compared to Apple iPhone sales that hit just 16.9%. Samsung Regains Top Smartphone Vendor Crown Samsung held the crown as the world’s top smartphone vendor for a long time, after taking it from Nokia Corp (ADR) (NYSE:NOK) in 2012. But late last year, in a perfect storm of factors, iPhone sales edged out Samsung, making Apple No. 1. Samsung was suffering from the PR nightmare of the Galaxy Note 7 disaster, while Apple had just launched the iPhone 7. The result was a one-tenth of a percent lead for AAPL for Q4 2016, enough of a margin to give it the global top spot and dethrone Samsung. However, it appears that Apple hasn’t been able to hold onto bragging rights for long. TrendForce just released its smartphone sales numbers for Q1 2017. The report shows Apple’s iPhone sales have declined, while Samsung sales are up considerably. As a result, Samsung has firmly regained the top spot, with 26.1% of global smartphone sales compared to Apple’s 16.9%. Some Good News for Apple Losing the top smartphone sales crown is a disappointment. But really, that’s just bragging rights. There was some good news for Apple despite Samsung’s return to form. Samsung’s numbers — as always — includes a huge range of phones, including inexpensive and mid-range devices. Those mass market, economically priced phones were credited by TrendForce for Samsung’s rebound. And they don’t compete with the iPhone. TrendForce says sales of its flagship smartphones remained lower than usual. And compared to this time last year, AAPL’s market share is up. TrendForce pegged iPhone sales at 14.4% of the global total one year ago. Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Is Countersuing Apple Inc. (AAPL) On the bad side of the equation, in addition to Samsung regaining the crown, the numbers for Q1 don’t include any sales for the new Galaxy S8. Samsung’s comeback flagship smartphone is expected to bring in some big sales numbers. Apple Looks to the iPhone 8 to Win Back the Crown While it seems unlikely that AAPL would catch Samsung again — it has to overcome the Galaxy S8 and all those cheap Android smartphones after all — it’s possible that we could see Apple take the crown again this time next year. How would that work? Measures like the (PROJECT)RED special edition iPhone 7 aren’t likely to do much more that keep iPhone sales coasting for the next six months, especially against the Galaxy S8. However, AAPL has an ace up its sleeve. The iPhone 8 is due in September. It’s the tenth anniversary iPhone, expected to be packed full of advanced features and technology, with an all-new (and ultra-premium) design. With pent-up demand from iPhone owners who haven’t seen the need to upgrade since the iPhone 6, the 10th anniversary iPhone 10 is expected to do monster numbers. Despite its rumored $1,000-plus price tag. If Apple sees the expected iPhone sales from the iPhone 8 (and it also will be releasing an iPhone 7S), it could catch Samsung once again and take back the crown in Q4 2017. As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/apple-inc-top-smartphone-vendor-samsung-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Technology Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Banks That Still Have Room to Climb 3 Dividend Stocks for 12 Months of Income United Stock Could Drop by Double Digits Qualcomm Is Countersuing Apple iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Bank Stocks That Still Have Room to Climb United Continental Holdings, Inc. Stock Could Drop by Double Digits (UAL) 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Ahead of Q2 Earnings (AAPL) Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When It Returns to Reality Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 Report: Apple’s first Taiwan retail store planned for Taipei 101 mall Jordan Kahn - Apr. 11th 2017 1:05 pm PT @JordanKahn Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is reportedly gearing up to open its first official retail store in Taiwan with a new location planned for the Taipei 101 mall, according to a new report from Taiwan’s Central News Agency. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Apple hasn’t officially announced or confirmed plans for the store, but the report citing industry insider sources claims the new store will occupy a 1,322 square meter space inside the Taipei 101 mall. The store will be located on the ground floor of the building (pictured above), which happens to be located in the Taipei 101 tower, Taiwan’s tallest skyscraper. Apple has posted job listings on its website for retail positions in Taiwan, as we reported back in July of last year, but it hasn’t announced specifics of the location for what will be its first store in the region. Apple currently sells products through third-party resellers in the country and direct through its localized online store. News of the store comes as Apple late last month began rolling out its Apple Pay payments service to users in Taiwan. There’s still no word, however, on when the company plans to open the new store. Earlier this month Apple unveiled plans for its latest new retail store, this one inside of the high-traffic Dubai Mall ahead of a yet to be announced grand opening date. Meanwhile, in the U.S. we recently got a ground floor look at the under construction Chicago River retail location expected to open soon. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu NEW BONES Apple’s new file system: Who cares? Written by Jean-Louis Gassée Editor, Monday Note April 11, 2017 Under construction. (Reuters/Chance Chan/File Photo) Share Written by Jean-Louis Gassée Editor, Monday Note April 11, 2017 Who on Earth regards a computer’s file system as anything more than a bland office worker? But if we dig a little deeper there’s a story to be told, one that concerns the future of Apple’s widening array of operating system versions and hardware devices. While the file system is a computer’s most vital organ, to the normal consumer it’s a bore, and even from knowledgable critics it rarely draws praise. But let’s not ignore the all-important whats and whos: What’s the job to be done (JTBD), and for whom? Today, we’ll consider three constituencies who have intertwined interests in Apple’s new APFS file system, recently deployed to all iOS, Watch, and TV devices: Users—a.k.a. paying customers, the only real source of money; Application developers who broaden the appeal of Apple devices; Apple itself. For users, the JTBD story appears to be simple: “I want to store, catalog, and retrieve my files, whether they’re work documents, travel pictures, ebooks, tax forms…” A subset of more sophisticated users will understand and appreciate the impact of APFS’ atomicity, nanosecond data resolution, and file-level multi-key encryption, but mention these features to a normal user and you’ll draw a blank stare. Simply put, the rest of us don’t care… except that we do; we just don’t know it. APFS’ esoteric-sounding new features mean encryption will be easier to use, disk space will be better utilized, and backups will be more reliable, to name but a few improvements. Overall, iPhone and iPad (and Apple Watch and Apple TV) have become “future-proof” now that they’ve shed the 30-year-old HFS+. You probably didn’t even know it happened. That’s high praise for a vital organ transplant. As a personal anecdote, I didn’t pay attention when my spouse’s MacBook Air repeatedly failed to backup on the family’s Airport Time Capsule. I trusted the MacBook Air, we never had trouble with any of our Mac laptops, and thought I could get around to hunting down the Time Capsule bug later. When I finally did, I discovered there was nothing wrong with our backup device. The problem was with corrupted files on the laptop’s Solid State Drive (SSD). They were so damaged that Apple’s Disk Utility refused to repair the SSD. Various attempts to find a workaround landed me in the arms of a disk cloner called Super Duper. I use it religiously before trips so we carry around bootable copies of our drives. That way, in an emergency, I could ask someone to let me boot the backup drive on their Mac and function without disturbing their system. Log off, eject the backup drive, and the host system is back to normal, untouched. As I tried to back up the sick SSD, the disk cloner balked and stopped, always at the same place. More poking around detected corrupted picture files. So, I spent the next 48 hours hunting for and deleting such bad files, attempting cloning operations and going back to the hunt until all culprits were gone. (There might have been smarter ways to cure the problem. Feel free to have fun at this klutz’s expense.) This SSD degradation is sometimes known as “bit rot,” something a more modern file system such as APFS might have detected with a clearly labeled error message, if not autocorrected. This is what modern file systems such as Btrfs and ZFS are supposed to do—but they’re not widely deployed on PCs and other consumer devices. For developers, things aren’t so transparent. Apple has issued a new set of Application Programming Interfaces (API)—specifications that allow third-party app developers to take advantage of the file system’s new features. This is mostly but not entirely good news. New application frameworks come with fresh bugs in the code and mistakes in the documentation, but the technical benefits—better file transaction integrity, more flexible storage management, native encryption (as opposed to the bolted-on File Vault)—aren’t just compelling, they’re compulsory. As Apple’s Developer Documentation explains in succinct, plain English, age doesn’t become a file system [as always, edits and emphasis mine]: HFS+ and its predecessor HFS are more than 30 years old. These file systems were developed in an era of floppy disks and spinning hard drives, when file sizes were calculated in kilobytes or megabytes. Today, people commonly store hundreds of gigabytes and access millions of files on high-speed, low-latency flash drives. People carry their data with them, and they demand that sensitive information be secure. (Also see Backblaze’s eminently readable assessment of APFS’ technical details.) Very old-timers will remember the pre-Mac File system called The Flounder: (Provided by author) (I recall an even cruder version that showed files being thrown around the surface of a circular floppy disk, but can’t find it on the internet.) This gave way to the 1984 Mac Finder: (Provided by author) Applications and files were just there, no hierarchy, no folders. The Hierarchical File System (HFS) was quickly introduced in 1985 and started its long march towards what we know today. As you can imagine, the ancient HFS contains layers upon layers of patches, extensions, and dried glue. (One of APFS’ architects, Dominic Giampaolo, had previously designed and built the BeOS file system using, as one of his guides, his knowledge of HFS’ shortcomings.) Of note, the company designed APFS to support iOS where the file system is still largely out of users’ reach. Files and folders are available in the iCloud Drive on an iPhone or iPad, but we can’t create folders there, they have to be created on a Mac, or we can add files to fixed system categories: (Apple/Provided by author) In other words, there isn’t yet an iOS equivalent to the Mac’s Finder, our macOS interface to the file system. By “our” I mean most of us. Savvy Mac users know how to wield a Terminal window where they can manipulate everything in the file system—or even destroy everything on the disk: (Provided by author) For Apple, APFS is an opportunity to become young again, without losing the memories and artifacts of one’s complicated past. Apple’s closed systems, so often criticized, make the transition easier, safer. There will be bugs, but with this fresh start in a closed system, they’ll be much easier to identify and fix, as opposed to dealing with “creative” hardware variations decided in the purchasing office of some distant OS licensee. (A director of the largest PC OS licensing company once told me they spent more money on driver development and fixes than on OS code proper.) It’ll be interesting to see what happens when APFS comes to macOS and its complicated burden of past sins. In the meantime, the “iOS First” release once again speaks to Apple’s priorities, to its vision of its future. As for last week’s “interesting” discussion of future Mac Pros and iMacs, I’ll wait for Apple’s quarterly numbers to be released in three weeks, on May 2nd. This post originally appeared at Monday Note. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular Nearly every way the United incident could have ended differently—in one flowchart Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Blighty's £1.2bn space industry could lend itself to tourism – report UK boffins steal smartmobe PINs with motion sensors Trump's govt hiring freeze means there's no US Privacy Shield chief: We tracked down the woman filling in for now TCP/IP headers leak info about what you're watching on Netflix Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Microsoft opens Azure India to the world, not just Indian users Tegile swallows $33m pill at WDC-led party VMware VSAN has six dot six appeal Proprietary: Pure sticks to flash module design, becomes a direct flasher Windows 10 Creators Update general rollout begins with a privacy dialogue WileyFox disentangles itself from Cyanogen Mark Shuttleworth says some free software folk are 'deeply anti-social' and 'love to hate' Eric S. Raymond says you probably fit one of eight tech archetypes UK boffins steal smartmobe PINs with motion sensors TCP/IP headers leak info about what you're watching on Netflix DARPA seeks SSITH lords to keep hardware from the Dark Side Systems-on-a-chip are a huge, unaudited attack surface, says Project Zero's Wi‑Fi attack man Gartner halves tech splash forecasts, blames the US dollar Who really gives a toss if it's agile or not? The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Virtualization twisted devs, cloud and SaaS made them monsters Software dev cuffed for 'nicking proprietary financial trading code' Microsoft rolls the Deis for container wrangling Kubernetes, Prometheus, DevOps, Docker Swarm? Which workshop will you choose? Policy The Channel Trump's govt hiring freeze means there's no US Privacy Shield chief: We tracked down the woman filling in for now TPG to create Australia-wide mobile network Yahoo! human! rights! fund! called! a! sham!! $13m! of! $17m! wasted! China emerges as digital rights champion with new info privacy law Official science we knew all along: Facebook makes you sad :-( Apple wets its pants over Swatch ad tagline Broadband providers almost double prices after deals end Apple’s premium TV plans – the hobby doomed to stay that way SPB Geek's Guide Blighty's £1.2bn space industry could lend itself to tourism – report How's that for a remote login? NASA puts New Horizons probe to sleep 3.5 billion miles away Dieting cannibals: At last, a scientist has calculated calories for human body parts Riddle of cannibal black hole pairs solved ... nearly: Astroboffins explain all to El Reg Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Nvidia says Google's TPU benchmark compared wrong kit Intelligent robots can walk the walk – but if they can't talk the talk, we can't get along Sex robots and Radicals set to gatecrash Reg lectures Uber responds to Waymo: We don't even use that tech you say we stole Verity Stob QANTAS cuts AU$4,000 from price of Mac Pro T-Mobile US CEO offers kid a year's supply of chicken nuggets for switching from AT&T Boaty McBoatface sinks in South Atlantic on her maiden deployment Customer satisfaction is our highest priority… OK, maybe second-highest… or third... Personal Tech Apple wets its pants over Swatch ad tagline 'Tick Different' is so confusing… to expensive lawyers with invoices ready to go 11 Apr 2017 at 19:38, Kieren McCarthy Apple's lawyers have got their knickers in a twist over an ad campaign by outdated watch company Swatch. The hapless legal-beagles are unhappy about use of the phrase "Tick Different" on a new ad for Swatch's Bellamy range of watches, which include NFC (near-field communication) chips and work with Visa to let you pay for goods with your watch. Apple is upset because it used the grammatically incorrect phrase "Think Different" in a series of ads in 1997 and 1998. And so last week the Cupertino idiot-tax operation appealed to a Swiss court, claiming that Swatch was violating its trademark and that the "Tick Different" ad would confuse folks – even though the original ads came out 20 years ago and Apple's use of the phrase ended in 2002 (notwithstanding its attention-grabbing website home pages when famous people have died). There is, of course, no irony in Apple suing Swatch for riding its coattails when Apple's ads represent one of the greatest appropriations of other people's reputations in history. The Think Different ads were dominated by pictures of legendary figures, from Pablo Picasso to Gandhi, Edison, Miles Davis and Frank Sinatra – but with an Apple logo and the words "Think Different" tucked away in a corner. As far as anyone is aware, none of those people had anything to do with Apple's computer, but that didn't stop Dead Steve Jobs' marketing department from using their fame and global status to boost its own products. It may also be worth noting that the "Think Different" phrase was itself developed from ads run by IBM that featured the single word "Think." Of course, Swatch is not being entirely upfront either. Its CEO Nick Hayek has claimed any similarity between the two is coincidental and claims it was born from a Swatch ad in the 1980s – when Swatch was actually a thing – that had the phrase "Always different, always new." Which is of course entirely believable. Thinking differently? Apple angry that Swatch is misappropriating someone else's image and reputation (ummm...) More beef This is not the first time Swatch and Apple have locked horns over watches. Last year, Swatch won its two-year fight to stop Apple from trademarking the name "iWatch" – something it claimed was too close to its "iSwatch" trademark. Apple initially said it would appeal the decision, but in the end decided to call its over-priced, iPhone-dependent tech failure of a smartwatch the "Apple Watch" instead. Apple was not happy. And when it launched its Apple Watch, none other than godhead Jonny Ive said with calculated joy that Switzerland would be in "deep shit" because it was so amazingly brilliant. (Spoiler: it wasn't and it isn't.) That in turn caused Swatch's intellectual property lawyers to embark on some expert trolling by trademarking the phrase – we kid you not – "Swatch One More Thing." That enables Swatch to use Steve Jobs' famous "one more thing" catchphrase in its advertisements and products – something that Apple actually does continue to use at its hype-fest-gasm product launches. So, while it is possible that Apple lawyers believe "Tick Different" is a flagrant abuse of their company's signature tagline, it's more likely that the notoriously thin-skinned company simply saw an opportunity to give Swatch a kicking – especially since they are increasingly competing with one another. Although this is of course just a single ad, not the name of an actual product. In case you're interested, the Swatch Bellamy range is a typical Swatch watch with an NFC chip. It doesn't connect to the internet and costs around $95. Which actually makes it a very nice alternative to the Apple Watch, which starts at $269 but goes much, much higher. That said, the Bellamy was launched in 2015, relaunched in 2016, and still hasn't picked up much speed in 2017. It's still only available in Switzerland and China. ® Tips and corrections 29 Comments MORE Jobs Ads More from The Register Vodafone to bring 2,100 customer service jobs in-house See, we do want to stay in Blighty really 23 Comments 50 tech jobs to go at AirServices Australia Cuts aviation safety IT positions to 265 12 Comments AI and robots? Will someone think of the jobs, says HPE CEO Whitman Yeah, just don't worry about the 100k plus you've tossed on the bonfire Meg 44 Comments After promising Donald Trump jobs will come home, IBM swings axe 'Rebalancing' will make IBM great again. America? That's someone else's problem 40 Comments EE brings 1,000 call centre jobs to UK and Ireland Follows move by much-complained about parent BT 24 Comments Robots are killing jobs after all, apparently: One droid equals 5.6 workers So much for the utopian techno future, according to this study 59 Comments Whitepapers Public Cloud Guide A growing number of IT leaders are transforming IT’s unfortunate reputation as a cost-center into one of a competitive advantage. Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Machine Learning Delivers Better IT Insights Learn how predictive analytics and machine learning can improve application performance. High Availability Next Generation Firewall Learn how these securit ysolutions maintain&nbsp;network defenses while building in scalability to adapt&nbsp;as the business evolves—and making downtime a memory. Most read Mark Shuttleworth says some free software folk are 'deeply anti-social' and 'love to hate' As you stare at the dead British Airways website, remember the hundreds of tech staff it laid off Finally a reason not to bother with IPv6: Uh, security concerns...? T-Mobile US CEO offers kid a year's supply of chicken nuggets for switching from AT&T WileyFox disentangles itself from Cyanogen Spotlight Apple’s premium TV plans – the hobby doomed to stay that way Speaking in Tech: Glassholes are COOL now Apple's doing it Face down in a Shoreditch gutter: Attack of the kickstarting hipster 81's 99 in 17: Still a lotta love for the TI‑99/4A – TI's forgotten classic Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan iPad review: A low-cost tablet with tremendous value By Jason Cipriani | April 11, 2017 -- 19:42 GMT (12:42 PDT) | Topic: Tablets Editors' rating 8.5 Excellent $429.00 Average user rating Not yet rated Editors' review Specs Pros Same, solid performance. Battery life is on par with previous iPads. Cons Reused look may not appeal to everyone. Lack of some iPad Pro features, such as Smart Connector In 2010, Steve Jobs infamously sat in a comfy leather chair and slowly went through the features of the original iPad. As Jobs walked us through the Photos app, browsing the web in mobile Safari, and sending emails, one question loomed: How much will it cost? Pundits and analyst predictions ranged anywhere from $400 to $1,000, with the majority of guesses being on the higher end. Ultimately, Apple priced the original iPad at $499 for the entry model. It was a price point that surprised nearly everyone. Over the past seven years, Apple has released numerous models, ranging from a smaller iPad to a tablet aimed at replacing most consumers' laptops. see also ​Apple defends iPad, tablet turf with price cut The core 9.7-inch iPad will now start at $329. Apple isn't shy about trying to convince tech buyers to upgrade. Read More Despite creating different iPad models, each one aimed at a different type of user, Apple has struggled to move the needle in the right direction for its tablet lineup. Apple's iPad sales continue to struggle, all the while CEO Tim Cook has continued to profess his excitement for the iPad line and its success. One of the problems Apple has faced with the iPad is a lack of incentive for users to upgrade. When older iPads continue to work well enough, users don't need to update existing devices. Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 Another problem has been that Android tablets are often priced well below the entry level model iPad or iPad Mini and have offered a cheaper alternative to the premium iPad line. (Image: Jason Cipriani/ZDNet) Then, in March, Apple announced a new model, referred to only as iPad. Without any extra names or numbers, it's priced at $329. There are two models, one with 32GB of storage and another with 128GB, and there's only $100 separating the two. Before you look at the spec sheet, the price alone makes it clear Apple is targeting new customers, enticing old customers to upgrade, and trying to regain a place in the education sector for its tablet. But price alone isn't going to turn iPad sales around. Apple needs to deliver a product that offers value in return. After using the newest iPad for the past week, it's clear the company did just that. Specifications: Processor: Apple A9, 64-bit architecture Display: 9.7-inch Retina display, 2048x1536, 264ppi Size: 9.4 x 6.6 x 0.29 inches, 1.03 pounds. Storage: 32GB or 128GB Touch ID: 1st generation Cameras: 8-megapixel rear, 1080p HD recording, 1.2-megapixel front Connectivity: Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac), Bluetooth 4.2, optional Cellular model. Battery: 32.9Wh Familiarity is key (Image: Jason Cipriani/ZDNet) For the past year, we've listened and watched as Apple touted the iPad Pro lineup as a means to the end of the laptop. Well, for some, at least. So, when Apple announced a new iPad, it was reasonable to expect some of the iPad Pro features to trickle down to the entry-level iPad. However, with the iPad, Apple decided to borrow some aspects -- such as a brighter display, complete with the P3 color gamut -- while leaving others, such as Apple Pencil support or using its True Tone display tech, to the Pro line. The iPad Pro's Smart Connector is also absent, but users can still use external keyboards with the iPad -- albeit keyboards that rely on Bluetooth. Aesthetically, the iPad more closely resembles the iPad Air 2, which is now retired. The iPad is slightly thicker, due to a bigger battery. Cases you own for the iPad Air 2 may or may not work with the new iPad due to the added thickness. Apple also moved the magnets case makers relied on to hold a cover in place with the new iPad, which could also lead to issues with earlier cases fitting the latest model. Outside of a couple of slight changes to the size of the device, you'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference between the iPad Air 2 and iPad. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. Familiarity with the layout, size, and looks of a device can be a key selling point for education users who deal with small kids and have already invested in accessories for a device, as well as for those who are often intimidated by new technology. Performance (Image: Jason Cipriani/ZDNet) Inside the iPad is the same processor found in the iPhone 6S lineup, Apple's A9 processor. It's an older processor, sure, but it's faster than the A8X in the iPad Air 2 and offers improved energy performance, IPS image processing, and enhanced graphical performance. In other words, the new iPad isn't the fastest iPad available, but thanks to the speed boost of the A9 chip, users should notice the fingerprint sensor is faster and photos are better. (The latter is despite the iPad using the same camera module as the iPad Air 2.) I replaced my 12-inch iPad Pro with the new iPad during my testing and have zero complaints about its speed or performance. I enjoyed the portability and ease of handling the smaller form factor so much so that I ever so briefly contemplated selling my iPad Pro. The iPad's battery life was enough to get through a typical workday of using it to read news articles, catch up on email, and browse Facebook. Standby continues to remain impressive, with the battery only seeing minor depletion as it sits idle. Apple's advantage is the App Store (Image: Jason Cipriani/ZDNet) With a nearly identical design and upgraded internals, there's not a feature that sets the iPad apart from the competition, as is often the case with smartphones. Instead, the iPad's differentiator is the sheer number and quality of apps optimized for Apple's tablet lineup. Right now, Apple touts 1.3 million apps in the App Store built specifically for the larger screened devices. In comparison, the biggest problem Android tablets face is the lack of dedicated tablet apps in the Play Store. Most Android apps are larger versions of the phone app, and that dynamic leads to a frustrating experience. So much for so little After unboxing the new iPad and setting it up, I remarked, somewhat under my breath, that this particular iPad is priced below its worth. As someone who has, at times, completely replaced my laptop or desktop Macs with an iPad (both the iPad Air 2 and iPad Pro), it's exciting to me that a tablet that can do so much and yet cost so little. Is it enough to turn the iPad ship around? Only time will tell. I can say that those who are still holding on to an older iPad, many of which are too old to run iOS 10, as well as those who have never owned an iPad due to the entry cost, there's no better tablet you can buy for $329. VIDEO: Wipe your iOS device clean before you resell it with these quick steps Specifications Display Touchscreen Multi-Touch Multi-Touch Display Yes LCD Backlight Technology LED backlight Technology TFT active matrix TFT Technology IPS Diagonal Size 9.7 in Diagonal Size (metric) 24.6 cm Native Resolution 2048 x 1536 Pixel Density (ppi) 264 Miscellaneous Features AirDrop, AirPlay, AirPrint, Apple M9 motion coprocessor, AssistiveTouch, Dictation, Family Sharing, MIMO technology, Night Shift, VoiceOver screen reader, charging via USB, iBeacon microlocation, parental controls Color space gray Color Category gray Processor Processor Apple A9 Type A9 64-bit Computing Yes Manufacturer Apple Memory Storage 128 GB Communications Wireless Protocol 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 Camera HD Video Recording 1080p Features 5-element lens, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, FaceTime HD camera, HDR (High Dynamic Range), Hybrid IR filter, Panorama, Slow motion video, Time lapse mode, Timer mode, autofocus, backside illumination sensor, face detection, photo and video geotagging, tap to focus, video stabilizer Networking Wireless Connectivity Bluetooth 4.2, IEEE 802.11a, IEEE 802.11ac, IEEE 802.11b, IEEE 802.11g, IEEE 802.11n Input Device Security Devices fingerprint reader Multimedia Audio Stereo speakers Environmental Parameters Min Operating Temperature 32 °F Max Operating Temperature 95 °F Humidity Range Operating 5 - 95% (non-condensing) Min Storage Temperature -4 °F Max Storage Temperature 113 °F Max Altitude Operating 9840 ft Battery Technology Lithium polymer Run Time (Up To) 10 sec Capacity 32.4 Wh Header Brand Apple Product Line Apple 9.7-inch iPad Model Wi-Fi Localization English Country Kits United States Packaged Quantity 1 Expansion and Connectivity Interfaces 1 x headphones mini jack (3.5mm) 1 x Lightning System Platform Apple iOS Handheld Type tablet Security Devices fingerprint reader Flash Memory Installed Size 128 GB Digital Camera Cameras (for SD) rear camera + front camera Rear-facing Camera Yes HD Video Recording 1080p Features 5-element lens, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, FaceTime HD camera, HDR (High Dynamic Range), Hybrid IR filter, Panorama, Slow motion video, Time lapse mode, Timer mode, autofocus, backside illumination sensor, face detection, photo and video geotagging, tap to focus, video stabilizer Audio Output Type stereo speakers OS Provided Type Apple iOS 10 Power Device Type power adapter Battery Life Details Run Time (Up To) 10 hour(s) Usage Mode audio playback, video playback, web browsing over Wi-Fi Interface Provided Interface Lightning, headphones mini jack (3.5mm) Qty 1 System Requirements OS Required Apple MacOS X 10.8.5 or later, Microsoft Windows 7 or later Cable Details Type Lightning to USB cable PDA Software Type App Store, Apple Pay, Calendar, Camera, Clock, Contacts, Control Center, FaceTime, Find My Friends, Find My iPhone, Game Center, Mail, Maps, Messages, Music, News, Notes, Notification Center, Photo Booth, Photos, Podcasts, Reminders, Safari, Siri, Spotlight Search, Videos, iBooks, iCloud Drive, iTunes Store Dimensions & Weight Width 6.7 in Depth 0.3 in Height 9.4 in Weight 16.54 oz Service & Support Type 1 year warranty Service & Support Details Type limited warranty, technical support Service Included phone consulting Full Contract Period 1 year, 90 days Topics: Tablets, Apple, iOS, iPad, Mobile OS, Mobility, Reviews, Tablets Where To Buy Price $429.00 Apple $429.00 Amazon.com $579.99 Amazon Marketplace $579.99 Sam's Club $437.80 Abt Electronics $429.00 Top ZDNET Reviews Huawei P10 Plus 8.7 Huawei P10 8.7 HP Z2 Mini G3 Workstation 8 Honor 8 Pro First Take Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy Apple iPad 2017 (space gray, 128GB) Part Number: MP2H2LL/A Price $429.00 Apple $429.00 See It Amazon.com $579.99 See It Amazon Marketplace $579.99 See It Sam's Club $437.80 See It Abt Electronics $429.00 See It Related Stories Smartphones Huawei P10 Plus review: The P10's impressive big-screen brother Mobility Huawei P10 review: All the greatness of the Mate 9 now fits in your pocket PCs HP Z2 Mini G3 Workstation review: Power in a pint-sized package × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD GLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Samsung retakes smartphone vendor crown from Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Qualcomm, Inc.: We Helped Apple Inc. Build Its iPhone Franchise (QCOM) QCOM responds to AAPL with an 'answer and counterclaims' By ValueWalk  |  Apr 11, 2017, 2:22 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: Why It’s Time to Sell Apple Inc. Stock (AAPL) People Are More Satisfied With Microsoft Surface Than Apple iPad (MSFT, AAPL) Why Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. Stock (BBBY) Has Big Upside Potential Recent Posts: Qualcomm, Inc.: We Helped Apple Inc. Build Its iPhone Franchise (QCOM) People Are More Satisfied With Microsoft Surface Than Apple iPad (MSFT, AAPL) Why It’s Time to Sell Apple Inc. Stock (AAPL) View All Posts Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) responded to Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) lawsuits by filing its “Answer and Counterclaims” on Tuesday. Still, that didn’t do much to stem its recent bleeding; QCOM shares were down more than 2%. Source: Shutterstock The chip maker alleged that the iPhone maker refrained from exploiting the full potential of its chips in the iPhone 7 on purpose so that they lack in performance compared to the models running on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) chips. Apple “Threatened” Qualcomm to Keep Quiet In a 139-page long suit, Qualcomm stated that Apple “chose not to utilize certain high-performance features of the QCOM chipsets for the iPhone 7 (preventing consumers from enjoying the full extent of Qualcomm’s innovation).” When the chips reportedly outperformed Intel’s, the iPhone maker allegedly claimed falsely that there was no significant difference between the two chips. Further, the chip maker stated that Apple has not even revealed to customers the extent to which Qualcomm’s chipsets fare better than Intel’s chipsets. It also alleged that the iPhone maker threatened it to be quiet about the performance differences. The chip maker’s response states that it would not have been possible for Apple to create the iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable entity in the world “without relying upon Qualcomm’s fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies,” the chip maker claims. 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years QCOM stated that it is quite clear AAPL is looking to force it into accepting less value for the patented technologies that have fueled the innovation in cellular technology and enabled Apple to generate over $760 billion in iPhone sales. The chip maker stated that it has put over $40 billion into research and development over the past three decades and has a staff of over 20,000 engineers. The chip maker has a patent portfolio of over 130,000 issued patents and patent applications around the world. Qualcomm Practicing Unfair Trade Tactics Qualcomm also mentioned in the lawsuit that Apple breached their contract by meddling with the agreements and relationships that it (QCOM) had with other contract manufacturers. The lawsuit also claims that the iPhone maker is not paying the money due under a contract related to a high-speed feature of the company’s chip. In its lawsuit filed in January, Apple stated that Qualcomm is misusing its monopoly status in cellular chips and pushed forward “onerous, unreasonable and costly” terms and conditions for customers and competitors. Further, Cupertino-based AAPL stated that the chip maker has charged excessively for its patents and also did not sell the chips to phone manufacturers that refused to license its patent portfolio. The U.S. firm has sued the chip maker in China and the U.K. also. Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Before Q2 Earnings (AAPL) In recent years, the chip maker has been facing a lot of inquiry over its alleged monopolistic practices. Just two years ago, the company paid China approximately $1 billion to close the 14-month antitrust investigation, notes CNET. In December, South Korea slapped the chip company with a $580 million fine, accusing it of having an “unfair business model” and creating a monopoly with its practices. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) also alleged that Qualcomm has dominated the cellular chip market illegally. The post We Helped Apple Build Its Incredible iPhone Franchise: Qualcomm appeared first on ValueWalk. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/qualcomm-inc-we-helped-apple-inc-build-its-iphone-franchise-qcom/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Technology Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Banks That Still Have Room to Climb 3 Dividend Stocks for 12 Months of Income United Stock Could Drop by Double Digits Qualcomm Is Countersuing Apple iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Bank Stocks That Still Have Room to Climb United Continental Holdings, Inc. Stock Could Drop by Double Digits (UAL) 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Ahead of Q2 Earnings (AAPL) Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When It Returns to Reality Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 12, 2:46 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Reportedly Developing Its Own Power Management Chips For Its 2019 iPhone Lineup By Denisse Moreno On 04/11/17 AT 3:35 PM Close Apple chip supplier Dialog Semiconductor’ saw its share drop to a 16-year low after an analyst said Apple is developing its own power management chips, Bloomberg reports. Karsten Iltgen, an analyst at Bankhaus Lampe, warned about Apple’s move eventually leading to a cut back on the use of Dialog’s chips. Apple is the company’s largest customer, making up just over half of Dialog’s revenue. Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple And Samsung Sign Two-Year Supply Contract For iPhone OLED Display Panels “There is strong evidence that Apple is developing its own power-management integrated circuits and intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part,” he said in a research note Tuesday. The analyst said Apple could have its own power chips ready by 2019’s iPhone line, adding that the company is working on facilities in the U.S. and Germany. “We believe that Apple is setting up power-management design centers in Munich and California,” said Iltgen in the note. “We hear from the industry that about 80 engineers at Apple are already working on a PMIC with specific plans to employ it in the iPhone by as early as 2019.” Engineers from Dialog have reportedly been switching over to Apple over the past year, a source said, according to Bloomberg. Read: iPhone 8 Cost: Price Cut For Apple’s Upcoming Device To Compete With Samsung Galaxy S8+, Report Says After the news about Apple’s plans, Dialog, a U.K. based firm, saw its stock plunge by 20 percent in Frankfurt, giving the company a market value of $3.2 billion. Dialog said it did not know of a reason for the share price movement Tuesday. “The Company knows of no business reason for this movement and confirms that it remains comfortable with its guidance for the first quarter and in its prospects for the year,” Dialog said in a statement. “The Company notes the level of visibility into the design cycle of its leading customers remains unchanged and the business relationships are in line with the normal course of business.” Apple’s predicted move comes after it recently ended its contract with Imagination Technologies, a British company that supplied the graphics-related components for the iPad and iPhone. The company supplied Apple with its PowerVR graphics processing units (GPUs), which were integrated in every iPhone. Apple told Imagination Technologies it was already in the process of developing its own graphics processors for its iOS gadgets. After the move was announced, Imagination Technologies’ shares dropped. Apple is also designing its own smartphone processors, which will cut its dependence on Qualcomm or other chip suppliers. Apple used Qualcomm’s chips for its iPhones until last year, when its exclusivity agreement expired. In January, Apple hit Qualcomm with lawsuits, accusing the company of taking advantage of its position in the chip industry. This week, Qualcomm countersued Apple, saying the iPhone franchise would not have been possible without the chip supplier’s technologies. Related Stories Major Apple and Samsung Chip Supplier Qualcomm Countersues Apple Samsung Forecasts Best Quarterly Profit In Over Three Years Despite Note 7 Issues And Political Scandal Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business United Airlines Stock Falls Amid Passenger Controversy Just when United likely thought the issue would die down, a newspaper published an extensive bio of the man forcefully pulled from one of its planes. Technology New ‘Star Wars: Battlefront II’ Trailer Features ‘Force Awakens’ Heroes The trailer for “Star Wars: Battlefront II” has been leaked online, and it reveals some interesting things about the game. World Shrimp Species Named After Pink Floyd The newly discovered pistol shrimp is found in the eastern Pacific Ocean, and has a “distinct, almost glowing-pink snapping claw.” National Jeff Sessions Vows To Crack Down On Undocumented Immigrants Sessions took a tour of the U.S.-Mexico border Tuesday and called for a series of tougher approaches to handle illegal immigration at the border, including the drug cartels. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune As the sun rises in the east, a partial lunar eclipse sets in the west, creating a "selenelion" effect. Photo: Brian Peterson/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 10-day closure for Surdyk's, $6,000 fine for Sunday opening FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Former manager to Lady Gaga named adviser to Prince's estate More than half of Mpls. council backs $15-an-hour minimum wage Republicans survive election scare, win Kansas House seat Family wins right to sue senior home over death of Minnesota man For Wild's top veterans, window for playoff success may be closing Bill O'Reilly to take vacation amid sexual harassment scandal Timberwolves unveil new logo and team colors FAA shows off new air-traffic communications at MSP United CEO orders review amid outrage over passenger's violent removal next Business 419180374 Fingerprint sensor on your phone is not as safe as you think By VINDU GOEL New York Times April 11, 2017 — 4:08pm Roger Kisby &#x2022; New York Times Nasir Memon, professor of computer science and engineering, at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering, said fingerprint security features on smartphones can be easily cracked. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SAN FRANCISCO – Fingerprint sensors have turned modern smartphones into miracles of convenience. A touch of a finger unlocks the phone — no password required. With services like Apple Pay or Android Pay, a fingerprint can buy a bag of groceries, a new laptop or even a $1 million vintage Aston Martin. And pressing a finger inside a banking app allows the user to pay bills or transfer thousands of dollars. While such wizardry is convenient, it has also left a gaping security hole. New findings published Monday by researchers at New York University and Michigan State University suggest that smartphones can easily be fooled by fake fingerprints digitally composed of many common features found in human prints. In computer simulations, the researchers from the universities were able to develop a set of artificial “MasterPrints” that could match real prints similar to those used by phones as much as 65 percent of the time. The researchers did not test their approach with real phones, and other security experts said the match rate would be significantly lower in real-life conditions. Still, the findings raise troubling questions about the effectiveness of fingerprint security on smartphones. “It’s almost certainly not as worrisome as presented, but it’s almost certainly pretty darn bad,” said Andy Adler, a professor of systems and computer engineering at Carleton University in Canada, who studies biometric security systems. “If all I want to do is take your phone and use your Apple Pay to buy stuff, if I can get into 1 in 10 phones, that’s not bad odds.” Full human fingerprints are difficult to falsify, but the finger scanners on phones are so small that they read only partial fingerprints. When a user sets up fingerprint security on an Apple iPhone or a phone that runs Google’s Android software, the phone typically takes eight to 10 images of a finger to make it easier to make a match. And many users record more than one finger — say, the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Since a finger swipe has to match only one stored image to unlock the phone, the system is vulnerable to false matches. “It’s as if you have 30 passwords and the attacker only has to match one,” said Nasir Memon, a professor of computer science and engineering at NYU’s Tandon School of Engineering, who is one of three authors of the study, which was published in IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. The other authors are Aditi Roy, a postdoctoral fellow at NYU’s Tandon School, and Arun Ross, a professor of computer science and engineering at Michigan State. Memon said their findings indicated that if you could somehow create a magic glove with a MasterPrint on each finger, you could get into 40 to 50 percent of iPhones within the five tries allowed before the phone demands the numeric password, known as a personal identification number. Apple said the chance of a false match in the iPhone’s fingerprint system was 1 in 50,000 with one fingerprint enrolled. Ryan James, a company spokesman, said Apple had tested various attacks when developing its Touch ID system, and also incorporated other security features to prevent false matches. Google declined to comment. The actual risk is difficult to quantify. Apple and Google keep many details of their fingerprint technology secret, and the dozens of companies that make Android phones can adapt Google’s standard design in ways that reduce the level of security. Stephanie Schuckers, a professor at Clarkson University and director of the Center for Identification Technology Research, was cautious about the implications of the MasterPrint findings. She said the researchers used a midrange, commercially available software program that was designed to match full fingerprints, limiting the broader applicability of their findings. “To really know what the impact would be on a cellphone, you’d have to try it on the cellphone,” she said. She noted that cellphone-makers and others who use fingerprint security systems are studying anti-spoofing techniques to detect the presence of a real finger, such as looking for perspiration or examining patterns in deeper layers of skin. A new fingerprint sensor from Qualcomm, for example, uses ultrasound. Phone-makers also said that the ease of touching a finger to unlock a phone meant more users actually turned on security features instead of leaving their phones unlocked — a common habit in the early days of smartphones. Ross acknowledged the limitations of the work. “Most of the current smartphone vendors do not give us access to the fingerprint image,” he said. Still, the team’s fundamental finding that partial fingerprints are vulnerable to spoofing is significant, said Chris Boehnen, the manager of the federal government’s Odin program, which studies how to defeat biometric security attacks as part of the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. “What’s concerning here is that you could find a random phone, and your barrier to attack is pretty low,” Boehnen said. Phone-makers could easily increase security by making it harder to match the partial fingerprint, he said, “but the average phone company is more worried about you being annoyed that you have to put your finger against the phone two or three times than they are with someone breaking into it.” Adding a larger fingerprint sensor would also decrease the risk, Boehnen said. And some newer biometric security options, such as the iris scanner in Samsung’s new Galaxy S8, are harder to fool. Memon said that despite his research he was still using fingerprint security on his iPhone. “I’m not worried,” he said. “I think it’s still a very convenient way of unlocking a phone. But I’d rather see Apple make me enter the PIN if it’s idle for one hour.” View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Richard Pitino, Gophers get 7-foot transfer from dad's Louisville team Trying to watch the Wild and Twins on TV? You might be out of luck Sexting with student lands Burnsville High teacher in jail Former Minneapolis fitness trainer killed in shooting at Miami gym Family charged with false report of 'missing' Minnesota teen Timberwolves unveil new logo and team colors What the repeal of federal online privacy rules means for you Samsung's fire-prone Note 7 phone may return after recalls Questions, answers about funding threats to sanctuary cities Social media and politics are stressing Americans out, new report finds Lifesaving technology available in autos, but often only in luxury models More From Business Business 4 minutes ago Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. Variety 4 minutes ago Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights Fred Croatti often drives his silver Dodge Charger Hellcat to the grocery store, turning heads as he rumbles through the parking lot with a supercharged 6.2-Liter 707-horsepower engine. Business 12:35am United pledges to review policies on removal of passengers After people were horrified by video of a passenger getting dragged off a full United Express flight by airport police, the head of United's parent company said the airline was reaching out to the man to "resolve this situation." Variety April 11 Wheels to Watch: Dodge unleashes Demon with 840 horsepower Dodge has unleashed the Demon. The Fiat Chrysler brand is laying claim to the fastest production car in the U.S. The Demon Challenger is a freaky-fast 840-horsepower gasoline burner. It can go from zero to 60 (97 kilometers per hour) in 2.3 seconds. That beats the Tesla Model S P100D sedan, which hits 60 in 2.5 seconds. Dodge used explosions, burnouts and a small drag strip to roll out the car ahead of the New York International Auto Show press days. The company even brought in Fast and Furious star Vin Diesel for effect. The street-legal Demon also can hit 140 mph while running a quarter mile in 9.65 seconds, about two seconds faster than a typical muscle car. It's available in the fall. National April 11 Yahoo accused of mismanaging fund for dissidents in China A lawsuit accused Yahoo of breaking a financial promise it made to Chinese dissidents almost a decade ago as penance for helping the Chinese government find and jail other activists. Top Stories 10-day closure for Surdyk's, $6,000 fine for Sunday opening Apr. 11 FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Apr. 11 Former manager to Lady Gaga named adviser to Prince's estate Apr. 11 Most Read Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar • Business New patio furniture outlet takes on Pottery Barn and Frontgate • Business Developers buy site near downtown Mpls. for $15.8M, plan apt. tower • Business Supervalu to buy California-based cooperative Unified Grocers for $375 million • Business Virtual reality expected to shake up future of real estate • Business World Germany: Pregame blasts rock soccer team bus; player injured Bombardment in Iraq's Mosul takes heavy toll on civilians Nation Former Minneapolis fitness trainer killed in shooting at Miami gym Jets zip through narrow Star Wars Canyon, drawing visitors Politics FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Republicans survive election scare, win Kansas House seat markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild For Wild's top veterans, window for playoff success may be closing Souhan: With 1-7 record in Game 7s, Boudreau has earned doubts Twins Pitching, yes. Hitting, no. Twins lose despite Santiago's strong outing Pass the Lysol: Twins make sure clubhouse, hotel clear of germs Wolves Reusse: For Wolves, new looks rarely lead beyond old results Festive home finale turns frustrating for Wolves in loss to OKC Celebrities Bill O'Reilly to take vacation amid sexual harassment scandal J. Geils, 'Centerfold' musician, dies at age 71 Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: Who will win the Wild-Blues playoff series? 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Minnesota Somali-American taking modeling world by storm 02:13 Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden's dramatic ascent has taken her from cleaning ... Taste Norway's Waffle Queen cooks up Nordic empire in Minneapolis This brunch menu is perfect for spring, and features the words 'caramel' and 'bacon' StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years Tuesday, 11 April 2017 (19 hours ago) Dialog Semiconductor shares plunged to their lowest price in over 16 years on Monday, after an industry analyst predicted Apple will drop the supplier and move to its own in-house power management chips for iPhones by 2019. The prediction comes from analyst Karsten Iltgen at German investment bank Bankhaus Lampe, who said that Apple will at the very least cut back to some degree on Dialog's supply of power management chips for the iPhone, according to a research note obtained by Bloomberg. “There is strong evidence that Apple is developing its own power-management integrated circuits and intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part,” Karsten Iltgen, analyst at Bankhaus Lampe, said in a research note published Tuesday. A shift to Apple developing its own chips in-house is unlikely in the short term, he said. “We believe that Apple is setting up power-management design centers in Munich and California,” said Iltgen. “We hear from the industry that about 80 engineers at Apple are already working on a PMIC with specific plans to employ it in the iPhone by as early as 2019.” According to Iltgen, Apple is setting up its own power management chip design centers in Munich and California, and up to 80 Apple engineers are said to already be working on its own PMIC (power management integrated circuit) component. However, he said Apple dropping Dialog "is unlikely in the short term." Dialog's website says its integrated power management component results in up to 30% longer battery life: Dialog replaces multiple discrete power management components with one highly integrated device, enabling our customers to produce lighter and thinner portable applications with higher power efficiency resulting in longer battery life. These single chip solutions reduce energy usage and provide a simple, yet flexible, design at a lower cost. Typical usage tests show our Power Management Integrated Circuits (PMICs) are able to decrease the power consumption of a portable device by up to 30%. The analyst noted that Apple has steadily hired engineers from the United Kingdom-based Dialog over the past year, from the chipmaker's pool of about 1,300 engineers, but a person familiar with the situation noted that "it isn't unusual" to see employees flowing between Apple and its supplier. However, last week Apple announced that it was planning to stop using the graphics processing chips supplied by Imagination Technology in its iPhones within two years, and Bloomberg noted that, ahead of that decision, Apple had hired "several people" from Imagination to help craft its in-house technology. If Apple does make the same decision with Dialog Semiconductor as it did with Imagination Technologies, the former company could see as much as three quarters of its business gone over the next few years, as it's believed that Dialog gets as much as 74 percent of its sales from Apple. Some analysts don't believe that it will ever come to that and disagree with Iltgen's prediction, as Barclays analyst Andrew Gardiner recently mentioned in a research note that he does "not see [Dialog] remotely in a similar position" as Imagination. Dialog shares remained down around 16 percent on Tuesday.Not everyone agrees that Dialog is at risk. “We do not see them remotely in a similar position," said Andrew Gardiner, an analyst at Barclays Plc, in a research note. "We acknowledge Apple’s continued hiring of engineers, in power management and elsewhere, but an additional 80 engineers hired in this area pales in comparison to the over 1,300 engineers Dialog employed at the end of last year." Last year Dialog entered the news when a Fast Company report mentioned the supplier's $10 million investment in wireless technology company Energous, adding to recent rumors that Apple and its suppliers were gearing up to implement some form of wireless charging into a future line of iPhones. Energous has said that its first truly wireless charging technology will arrive later in 2017, but in regards to the iPhone's wireless charging it's believed that Apple is again looking in-house to craft an inductive charger for the iPhone as it did for the Apple Watch, rather than using a truly wireless solution.Tag: Dialog Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 1 week ago< > Embed Is Apple Developing iPhone Graphics Chips In House? 00:48 Cnet has reported that Apple is developing its own graphics processors to be used in future versions of products including the iPhone. UK-based Imaginations Technologies currently makes the graphics chips used in the iPhone, but said in a statement that Apple will cease to use its tech in between 15... You Might Like Recent related news 'Strong evidence' Apple working on custom power chips for 2019 iPhonesApple is likely developing custom power management chips, working on the technology at facilities in Germany and the U.S., an analyst said on Tuesday. AppleInsider 18 hours ago - Computer Industry Apple is developing its own power management chips, says analystIt appears that Apple is developing its own power management chips, according to a report from German private bank Bankhaus Lampe. The release of the report... ITworld 18 hours ago - Computer Industry Tier Two Specialty Insurer Renews Application Management Services Agreement for Three Years with MajescoMORRISTOWN, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#majesco--Majesco (NYSE MKT:MJCO), a global provider of core insurance software, consulting and services for insurance... Business Wire 2 days ago - Press Releases Aside From Custom Graphics Chip, Apple is Also Working on Power Chip for iPhonesApple has been making some major changes when it comes to its suppliers of various components for iPhones and iPads. A report by Bloomberg reveals that Apple... Softpedia 17 hours ago - Technology Apple to Design and Develop Its Own Graphics Chips For New iPhonesApple announced that it ended its partnership with British-based Imagination Technologies and the Cupertino company intends to design and produce its own... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology Apple to develop its own graphics chips, to stop using PowerVR graphics processorsApple is developing its own graphics technology for iPhones, iPads and watches and will soon stop using PowerVR graphics processors made by British chip designer... BGR India 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •The Verge •The Next Web •Deccan Herald Apple has 80 engineers working on a power chip that could increase battery life (AAPL)Apple is working on an in-house chip dedicated to power management, the latest sign that it wants to develop more core technologies, instead of buying or... Business Insider 17 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •The Verge •The Next Web •AppleInsider Imagination Technologies "in play" as Apple delivers two-footed tackleGraphics chip technology firm Imagination Technologies Group PLC (LON:IMG) has been dealt a body blow by its biggest customer, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL). The... Proactive Investors 1 week ago - Business Other recent news in Computer Industry UNITED AIRLINES Gives Appalling New Meaning to Customer Service Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS OFFICE Just like its waterproofing, fire-proofing & security-proofing, Samsung's GALAXY S8 Siri-Proofing isn't quite functional yet FAQ: Enterprises face another WINDOWS 10 upgrade Demand for floating PV systems growing in TAIWAN Split the Check Using FACEBOOK MESSENGER PYTHON: An Introduction to Programming INSTAGRAM DIRECT Messages Now Disappear WESTERN DIGITAL G-Drive USB-C Juices Up Your Laptop Dridex gang uses unpatched Microsoft Word exploit to TARGET millions Twitter Technewsground.com Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years https://t.co/MjPO4jJWMk https://t.co/GSryOiHDhH 4 minutes ago Apple Tweet Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years https://t.co/9vBqSdzNWc 20 minutes ago Chin PS "Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years" #apple #feedly https://t.co/9VF3n5GvAR 32 minutes ago Biz Dailies Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years https://t.co/sfJqTZaNJj https://t.co/sYSg9JILab 51 minutes ago kudi ku RT @MacRumors: Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years https://t.co/jLxY9fIB2V by @mbrsrd https… 56 minutes ago Scott Fulkerson Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years https://t.co/CWU0luFOfn @scottia https://t.co/w4ZrahuVsO 1 hour ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Vladimir Putin Ruth Bader Ginsburg Stephen Breyer Current Topics J Geils Boko Haram Sean Spicer Dortmund David Letterman Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Apple fixes VPN issues with latest iOS 10 public beta Jordan Novet@jordannovet April 11, 2017 12:02 PM Tags: Apple, iOS, iOS 10 Above: iOS 10.3.2 public beta 2 is rolling out. Image Credit: Jordan Novet / VentureBeat Apple today started rolling out the second public beta of iOS 10.3.2, a forthcoming update to iOS 10.3, following on the release of iOS 10.3.1 earlier this month. Apple released the second iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers yesterday. Now people who participate in Apple’s Beta Software Program can try it out for free. If you want to try the update but you’re not in the Beta Software Program, you can sign up here. Or you can just wait for iOS 10.3.2 to come out for all supported iOS devices in the coming weeks. In this beta, iOS devices will automatically send diagnostic and usage data to Apple by default. That said, you can opt out by going to Settings > Privacy > Diagnostics and Usage > Don’t Send. The build also includes bug fixes; Apple says third-party virtual private network (VPN) apps should work normally now, and the same goes for SiriKit car commands. Meanwhile, Apple says there’s currently an issue affecting the core Siri virtual assistant: Its text responses might not be complete in this build. The build comes out to 129MB, so it might not have very much else in it. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Apple Inc. Is No Threat to NVIDIA Corporation Respected Apple Insider columnist Daniel Eran Dilger recently penned an editorial in which he argued that Apple ‚s(NASDAQ: AAPL) efforts to design and build its own graphics processor technology serves as a „major disruptive threat” to graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) . Though Dilger conceded that Apple isn’t going to start selling stand-alone graphics processors to directly compete with NVIDIA’s, he asserted that the former’s „new GPUs could be expected to launch the company’s existing products — as well as potential new products ranging from [augmented reality] glasses to imaging devices and self-driving vehicles — ahead of the market, leaving scraps for Nvidia’s competitors.” (Author’s note: I believe Dilger meant „Nvidia’s customers.”) Image source: NVIDIA. „This creates an obvious potential for Nvidia’s current clients to end up as blindsided as Nokia (NYSE: NOK) , Palm, and Motorola were in phones and tablets,” Dilger wrote. He then went on to say that „the more of the gaming market Apple consumes with iOS (and tvOS) devices, the less money is left over for Nvidia, regardless of how much better Nvidia’s GPU chips might legitimately claim to be.” Though I am a fan of Dilger’s work, I must disagree with him on this one. Here’s why. Understanding NVIDIA’s business NVIDIA’s business can be broken down into four significant categories: gaming, automotive, professional visualization, and data center. The gaming business primarily consists of graphics processors sold in notebook and desktop personal computers targeted specifically at gaming applications, though the company’s recent Nintendo Switch (NASDAQOTH: NTDOY) design win has added some embedded system-on-a-chip revenue to NVIDIA’s gaming business. Its automotive business has historically consisted of sales of Tegra processors used for in-vehicle infotainment systems, though the company aims to provide much more powerful hardware and software technologies to facilitate increasing levels of vehicular autonomy (i.e., self-driving cars). NVIDIA’s professional visualization business consists of high-performance graphics processors that go into notebook and desktop computers to support CAD/3D modeling and other similar professional work. Finally, its data center business consists of high-performance graphics processors and associated software technologies that are sold to data centers looking to get much better performance on highly parallel workloads than traditional CPUs can provide. There’s little intersection between Apple’s business and NVIDIA’s Apple’s business is largely orthogonal to NVIDIA’s. Apple sells iPhones, iPads, Macs, Watches, and Apple TVs, and Apple’s internal graphics processing technology will only likely be used in the non-Mac product categories. Gamers who buy big, expensive, powerful graphics processors (like the ones NVIDIA sells and makes much of its money from) aren’t going to view iPhones, iPads, Watches, Apple TVs, or even Macs as potential substitute devices for their NVIDIA-powered gaming computers. Apple could build the world’s best mobile graphics processor (and, frankly, I think Apple will eventually do just that), but it wouldn’t impact the buying decisions of PC gamers or even game console buyers such as folks interested in the Nintendo Switch one bit. Now, one could argue that to the extent that virtual reality/augmented reality demand shifts from PC use to handheld device use, NVIDIA could „lose” to Apple. However, considering that VR is in its infancy and considering that the delta between mobile VR and PC VR is likely going to be like that of mobile gaming and PC gaming (and the former certainly hasn’t hurt the latter), I’d hardly consider Apple’s products a direct threat to NVIDIA’s gaming business. Apple is unlikely to be interested in building high-performance data center graphics processors (Apple’s internal data center needs are unlikely to be great enough to justify such internal technology development), and to be quite blunt, it’s unlikely to want to build graphics processors for professional visualization. The only area of intersection that I can see is potentially autonomous vehicles. If Apple ultimately does commercialize a self-driving car, and if that car is powered by Apple silicon, then to the extent that Apple captures self-driving car share, NVIDIA would „lose.” Here’s the thing, though: The self-driving car opportunity is quite greenfield, and so even if NVIDIA were to potentially lose share by Apple selling cars with its own silicon inside, that wouldn’t mean much given that the market itself is expected to grow substantially and most self-driving cars are unlikely to be sold by Apple. Apple and NVIDIA aren’t on a collision course NVIDIA has competitors in each of its core businesses and that is likely going to be the case for as long as NVIDIA exists. However, I simply don’t see Apple’s products and technologies fundamentally threatening NVIDIA — whether they are powered by Apple-designed graphics processors or technologies licensed from others. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Private Equity Investors Sell 6% Stake in IMAX China. Should IMAX Investors Be Worried? Next PostNext Automotive High Strength Steel Market Share by Type, Production, Revenue, Growth by Type & Analysis by Regions 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Portland Woman Pleaded Guilty to Five Counts of Welfare Fraud and Ordered to Pay Over $5,000 in Restitution AHF Files Federal Lawsuit Against Baton Rouge After Mayor’s Office Defunds Key HIV/AIDS Care Provider Select Income REIT Announces Quarterly Dividend on Common Shares E*TRADE to Host Education Day in Washington, D.C. Senior Housing Properties Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend on Common Shares Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Login All Reviews Editorials News Western Digital Brings USB-C to G-Drive, Giving Photographers New Choice NVIDIA's Pascal Drivers for macOS Available, but Still Beta Instagram Update Combines Disappearing Video and Photos with Direct Messages Tips Google's AutoDraw Turns Your Ugly Scrawls Into Line Art, Here's How to Use It iOS: How to Print to PDF from Any App on iPhone and iPad Podcasts Apple Music Nails It, Dumping Dialog Semiconductor - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-11 TMO Background Mode Interview with KGW TV Anchor & Digital Trends Host Stephanie Stricklen View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Your Teenager is Mesmerized by the iPhone, and You're Powerless to Stop it Saturday Night Live to Produce Real Commercials for Apple and Verizon FCC Chairman Has Delusional Plan to (Un)Protect Net Neutrality View All Editorials → Apple Music Nails It, Dumping Dialog Semiconductor – TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-11 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Apr 11th, 2017 1:51 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Bryan Chaffin says Apple pretty much nailed it with Apple Music. Bryan and Jeff Butts join Jeff Gamet to look at Apple’s streaming music service, plus they dive into the company’s tactics to bring more chip design in house. MP3 Feed Feedback Apple Music Nails It, Dumping Dialog Semiconductor - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-11 1:51 PM Apr. 11th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Bryan Chaffin says Apple pretty much nailed it with Apple Music. Bryan and Jeff Butts join Jeff Gamet to look at Apple’s streaming music service,... Sponsors iMazing 2 is the Mac App which simply lets you do more with your iPhone or iPad. You can copies files to and from your iOS devices, backup all your files, save voice messages, and more. You can try iMazing 2 now for free and get the app for 20% off. Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Apple Reportedly Moving to its Own iPhone Power Management Chips in 2019 Pop.0 with Bryan Chaffin and John Kheit TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Music, Dialog Semiconductor, podcast Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Jeff Butts | April 11, 2017 Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Bryan Chaffin | April 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $141.63 -1.54 (-1.08%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 14977 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1491918689 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Apr 12, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple may ditch Dialog, analyst says, hitting chipmaker’s shares Bankhaus Lampe reduces its rating on German company to ‘sell’ from ‘hold’ about 13 hours ago Bankhaus Lampeas argued that Apple was working on its own battery-saving chip for the iPhone that could replace Dialog’s power management integrated circuits as early as 2019. Photograph: EPA         Dialog Semiconductor risks losing a crucial supply deal with Apple, according to a financial analyst who cut his rating on the stock on Tuesday, sending the Anglo-German chipmaker’s shares down by as much as one-third. Bankhaus Lampe reduced its rating on Dialog to “sell” from “hold” as it argued that Apple was working on its own battery-saving chip for the iPhone that could replace Dialog’s power management integrated circuits as early as 2019. Apple accounted for more than 70 per cent of Dialog’s 2016 sales, analysts estimate. The German company says it is the world’s top maker of power management chips used in smartphones with roughly 20 per cent of the market. Shares in Dialog fell as much as 36 per cent on Tuesday to a seven-month low. They had more than doubled in the second half of 2016 on rising expectations for the iPhone 8 due out later in 2017. Dialog said it saw no business reason for the share drop and that it remained comfortable with its financial outlook for “good revenue growth” in 2017, which would mark a recovery from a 12-per cent decline last year. – (Reuters)       Topics: Apple Dialog Semiconductor Read More Report on Yahoo data breach to be delivered in coming weeks IT services firm acquires managed services business of Softech Toshiba will do utmost to avoid Tokyo delisting, says CEO State-backed Draper Esprit mulls fresh equity pursuit Samsung to roll out contactless pay in UK, Ireland Microsoft to open up Minecraft marketplace and add currency Facebook rolls out new tools for mobile advertisers  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Work Intel shuts pension scheme for Irish staff Work Why managers struggle to motivate employees Soccer Borussia Dortmund v Monaco postponed after blasts near team bus Innovation Adidas plans to mass-produce 3D-printed runners Sponsored Let a Hume PhD scholarship unlock your potential at Maynooth University Broadband and digital technology essential for Irish business growth Lifting the diamond to a higher level Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Latest Business €1.5bn operating profit at Tesco as recovery continues 07:55 Stripe makes third acquisition as it buys Indie Hackers 07:48 OPEC plan to extend six-month output cuts helps boost prices 07:33 Providence says Barryroe talks ongoing after €20.5m loss 07:23 Evans store on Henry Street bought by AEW tops €20m 07:19 Tech Tools Run Angel keeps a watchful eye over owners Tech Tools: Wearable safety device offers instant alerts to ‘guardian network’ Review: Google Chromecast Ultra – to 4K or not to 4K? Tech Tools: Streaming device eyes growing ultra high-definition market Urban Armor Gear sees phone protection get rugged Tech Tools: Say goodbye to dull and chunky cases and embrace difference Could Paqsule mean the end of stinky gym bags? Tech Tools: High-tech bag uses UV technology to zap bacteria at the touch of a button Most Read in Business 1 Healthy food retailer Chopped to create 320 jobs, double footprint 2 Credit Suisse may seek full Irish licence as Brexit looms 3 Intel shuts pension scheme for Irish staff 4 Can my parents gift me a house without tax implications? 5 It’s five years since the O’Reilly family lost control of INM – is the company any better off? 6 Brexit poses a serious threat to economic prosperity 7 Sun, sea . . . and better value for money: Top places to retire 8 James Joyce’s listed ‘House of the Dead’ on market for €550,000 9 Providence says Barryroe talks ongoing after €20.5m loss 10 Ireland the only OECD state where some get back more than they pay in income tax Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Internet future is gloomy and troll-filled, survey predicts Facebook Live adds ‘donate’ button for fundraisers Xbox One update brings Beam Streaming to gamers Is the PC finally cool again? Moleskine calendar app is stylish and smart Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 12/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Nvidia launches MacOS beta drivers for its latest… Nvidia launches MacOS beta drivers for its latest Pascal graphics cards By Jon Martindale — April 11, 2017 10:22 AM Subscribe Share Nvidia Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you If you run an old Mac Pro or a Hackintosh, you can now reap the benefits of the latest generation of Nvidia graphics cards. Nvidia wasn’t kidding or just trying to curry favor when it said it planned to release MacOS-compatible drivers for its latest-generation Pascal graphics cards. Just a few days later, it has followed through on that pledge by debuting the first beta release of drivers that support the new graphics processors (GPU). The list of Apple systems that can support add-in graphics cards is short and rather antiquated at this point — the last time Apple released an officially supported, upgradeable graphics card system was prior to the 2013 Mac Pro overhaul. However, those users and anyone running a Hackintosh now have the option of more powerful graphics, thanks to the new Pascal drivers. More: Remember the Mac Pro? So does Apple, and it says a new one is on the way Until now, the best that those users could hope for is Nvidia’s Maxwell graphics cards, which, while impressive, don’t hold a candle to Pascal in terms of efficiency and raw power. With the new Pascal drivers, they can make use of everything from a GTX 1050 right through to the latest top-of-the-line GPU, the Titan Xp. Released as part of the WebDriver-378.05.05.05f01 package, the drivers add support for all Pascal cards and can be found at this direct download link, according to 9to5Mac. It could come in handy for MacOS gamers, as well as those who need additional graphical power for rendering 3D effects or video editing. Alongside older Mac Pro owners and Hackintosh users, there is another group that will likely benefit from this release — those running external graphics cards. Reports of successful implementation with the Thunderbolt-connected Akitio eGPU system have already begun appearing on Reddit, so we may see newer Mac Pros running Pascal graphics cards before long.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 12, 2:42 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Qualcomm Sues Apple, Says iPhone Success Wouldn't Have Been Possible Without Its Technologies By Denisse Moreno On 04/11/17 AT 2:26 PM Close Qualcomm announced it has countersued Apple after the Cupertino company sued the chip supplier in January. Apple’s lawsuit earlier this year claimed Qualcomm, which is a major chip supplier for the iPhone maker and its rival Samsung, was overcharging for its chips. Apple then filed two more lawsuits against Qualcomm in China, accusing the company of taking advantage of its position in the chip industry, and asked for $1 billion yuan ($145.32 million USD) in damages. Apple also argued Qualcomm failed to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively. Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple And Samsung Sign Two-Year Supply Contract For iPhone OLED Display Panels Qualcomm’s lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, denied Apple’s allegations. The chip supplier previously said Apple’s accusations were “without merit.” Qualcomm is now seeking damages from Apple over breached agreements and negotiations with the chip supplier. The company also accused Apple of interfering with Qualcomm’s long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple. Apple used Qualcomm’s chips for its iPhones until last year’s iPhone 7, when its exclusivity agreement signed from 2011 until 2016 expired. On Monday, the chip supplier claimed Apple deliberately chose not to use the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7. The company also accused Apple of encouraging regulatory attacks, making false statements and misrepresenting facts about Qualcomm around the world. Qualcomm claimed Apple threatened the company in “an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones.” Read: Apple Inc. Sued Over iPhone's 'Error 53' Right To Repair Issue By Australian Consumer Authority The chip supplier then went on to say in a statement Apple would not have been able to build the iPhone franchise without Qualcomm’s cellular technologies. Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s executive vice president and general counsel, stated: “Over the last 10 years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services. But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. It has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm.” Apple did not release a statement regarding Qualcomm’s lawsuit. International Business Times has reached out for comment. Apart from Apple’s accusation, Qualcomm is also being investigated in Europe, Japan and Taiwan for anticompetitive and monopolistic trade practices. Related Stories Apple Slaps Swatch With Lawsuit Over ‘Tick Different’ Campaign Group Behind iCloud Ransom Claims It Has Received Payment Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business United Airlines Stock Falls Amid Passenger Controversy Just when United likely thought the issue would die down, a newspaper published an extensive bio of the man forcefully pulled from one of its planes. Technology New ‘Star Wars: Battlefront II’ Trailer Features ‘Force Awakens’ Heroes The trailer for “Star Wars: Battlefront II” has been leaked online, and it reveals some interesting things about the game. World Shrimp Species Named After Pink Floyd The newly discovered pistol shrimp is found in the eastern Pacific Ocean, and has a “distinct, almost glowing-pink snapping claw.” National Jeff Sessions Vows To Crack Down On Undocumented Immigrants Sessions took a tour of the U.S.-Mexico border Tuesday and called for a series of tougher approaches to handle illegal immigration at the border, including the drug cartels. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Is No Threat to NVIDIA Corporation These businesses simply don't intersect. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 11, 2017 at 1:30PM Respected Apple Insider columnist Daniel Eran Dilger recently penned an editorial in which he argued that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) efforts to design and build its own graphics processor technology serves as a "major disruptive threat" to graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). Though Dilger conceded that Apple isn't going to start selling stand-alone graphics processors to directly compete with NVIDIA's, he asserted that the former's "new GPUs could be expected to launch the company's existing products -- as well as potential new products ranging from [augmented reality] glasses to imaging devices and self-driving vehicles -- ahead of the market, leaving scraps for Nvidia's competitors." (Author's note: I believe Dilger meant "Nvidia's customers.") Image source: NVIDIA. "This creates an obvious potential for Nvidia's current clients to end up as blindsided as Nokia (NYSE:NOK), Palm, and Motorola were in phones and tablets," Dilger wrote. He then went on to say that "the more of the gaming market Apple consumes with iOS (and tvOS) devices, the less money is left over for Nvidia, regardless of how much better Nvidia's GPU chips might legitimately claim to be." Though I am a fan of Dilger's work, I must disagree with him on this one. Here's why. Understanding NVIDIA's business NVIDIA's business can be broken down into four significant categories: gaming, automotive, professional visualization, and data center. The gaming business primarily consists of graphics processors sold in notebook and desktop personal computers targeted specifically at gaming applications, though the company's recent Nintendo Switch (NASDAQOTH:NTDOY) design win has added some embedded system-on-a-chip revenue to NVIDIA's gaming business. Its automotive business has historically consisted of sales of Tegra processors used for in-vehicle infotainment systems, though the company aims to provide much more powerful hardware and software technologies to facilitate increasing levels of vehicular autonomy (i.e., self-driving cars). NVIDIA's professional visualization business consists of high-performance graphics processors that go into notebook and desktop computers to support CAD/3D modeling and other similar professional work. Finally, its data center business consists of high-performance graphics processors and associated software technologies that are sold to data centers looking to get much better performance on highly parallel workloads than traditional CPUs can provide. There's little intersection between Apple's business and NVIDIA's Apple's business is largely orthogonal to NVIDIA's. Apple sells iPhones, iPads, Macs, Watches, and Apple TVs, and Apple's internal graphics processing technology will only likely be used in the non-Mac product categories. Gamers who buy big, expensive, powerful graphics processors (like the ones NVIDIA sells and makes much of its money from) aren't going to view iPhones, iPads, Watches, Apple TVs, or even Macs as potential substitute devices for their NVIDIA-powered gaming computers. Apple could build the world's best mobile graphics processor (and, frankly, I think Apple will eventually do just that), but it wouldn't impact the buying decisions of PC gamers or even game console buyers such as folks interested in the Nintendo Switch one bit. Now, one could argue that to the extent that virtual reality/augmented reality demand shifts from PC use to handheld device use, NVIDIA could "lose" to Apple. However, considering that VR is in its infancy and considering that the delta between mobile VR and PC VR is likely going to be like that of mobile gaming and PC gaming (and the former certainly hasn't hurt the latter), I'd hardly consider Apple's products a direct threat to NVIDIA's gaming business. Apple is unlikely to be interested in building high-performance data center graphics processors (Apple's internal data center needs are unlikely to be great enough to justify such internal technology development), and to be quite blunt, it's unlikely to want to build graphics processors for professional visualization. The only area of intersection that I can see is potentially autonomous vehicles. If Apple ultimately does commercialize a self-driving car, and if that car is powered by Apple silicon, then to the extent that Apple captures self-driving car share, NVIDIA would "lose." Here's the thing, though: The self-driving car opportunity is quite greenfield, and so even if NVIDIA were to potentially lose share by Apple selling cars with its own silicon inside, that wouldn't mean much given that the market itself is expected to grow substantially and most self-driving cars are unlikely to be sold by Apple. Apple and NVIDIA aren't on a collision course NVIDIA has competitors in each of its core businesses and that is likely going to be the case for as long as NVIDIA exists. However, I simply don't see Apple's products and technologies fundamentally threatening NVIDIA -- whether they are powered by Apple-designed graphics processors or technologies licensed from others.   Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 1:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Nokia NYSE:NOK $5.27 down $0.04 (-0.75%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $98.12 up $0.35 (0.36%) Nintendo NASDAQOTH:NTDOY $29.11 up $0.09 (0.31%) Read More 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Mobile Devices Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in April Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Inc. Is No Threat to NVIDIA Corporation @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $NOK, $NVDA, $NTDOY
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Public Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.5 to Public Beta Testers Tuesday April 11, 2017 10:23 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today provided public beta testers with the second beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.5, an update that comes two weeks after the first 10.12.5 public beta was seeded and one day after developers received the second beta. macOS Sierra 10.12.5 follows the macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update, which introduced Night Shift for the Mac. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple's beta testing program will receive the 10.12.5 macOS Sierra beta through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Betas should not be installed on a primary machine due to the potential for instability. According to the release notes accompanying the first developer beta, macOS Sierra 10.12.5 "improves the stability, compatibility, and security of your Mac." No other information was provided. With little information available from Apple's release notes, it is not clear what minor feature tweaks or bug fixes might be included in the update. Nothing notable has been discovered in the first two developer betas. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra 7 comments Upcoming iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple Holds 'Close the Rings' Apple Watch Fitness Challenge for Employees 7 hours ago on Front Page In February, Apple held a "Close the Rings" Apple Watch fitness challenge for its employees, designed to encourage them to be more active. Employees who completed all stand, movement,... 25 comments Worldwide Mac Sales Up Slightly as PC Market Continues to Decline in Q1 2017 9 hours ago on Front Page Amid a continuing decline in worldwide PC shipments, Apple's Mac sales are up slightly, according to new PC shipping estimates shared today by Gartner. During the first quarter of 2017,... 55 comments NYU Student Goes Undercover at Pegatron Factory, Offers Inside Look at iPhone Production 11 hours ago on Front Page New York University graduate student Dejian Zeng spent last summer working in a Pegatron factory manufacturing the iPhone 6s and 7 as part of a summer project, where he got a first hand look at what... 127 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.2 to Public Beta Testers 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today provided its public beta testing group with the second beta of iOS 10.3.2, nearly two weeks after seeding the first iOS 10.3.2 beta and a day after releasing the second beta to... 6 comments Samsung Reclaims Title of World's Largest Smartphone Maker As It Recovers From Galaxy Note7 17 hours ago on Front Page Samsung topped Apple as the world's largest smartphone maker in the first quarter, as it continues to show signs of recovery following its disastrous Galaxy Note7 recall last year, according to... 104 comments Apple Predicted to Build Its Own Power Management Chip for iPhones Within Two Years 19 hours ago on Front Page Dialog Semiconductor shares plunged to their lowest price in over 16 years on Monday, after an industry analyst predicted Apple will drop the supplier and move to its own in-house power management... 68 comments Qualcomm Countersues Apple, Says iPhone Wouldn't Be Possible Without Its Technologies 1 day ago on Front Page Qualcomm today announced it has countersued Apple in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, nearly three months after the iPhone maker sued the chipmaker for $1 billion... 75 comments 76% of U.S. Teens Surveyed Using iPhones, 81% Plan to Purchase 1 day ago on Front Page The iPhone continues to be the most popular smartphone among teens, according to data gathered by investment firm Piper Jaffray in its most recent semiannual U.S. teen survey. 76 percent of... 171 comments • FCC Chairman to End Plans to Allow In-Flight Cellphone Calls (186) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.5 to Developers (33) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.2 to Developers (36) • Apple to Open Flagship Store in Mexico City and Potentially São Paulo (17) • Apple Said to Add Beats 1 Broadcasting Booth to Iconic Fifth Avenue Store in New York City (108) • Tidal Owner Jay Z Has Removed All of His Albums From Apple Music [Updated] (440) • Apple Teaming Up With 'Saturday Night Live' for Upcoming Ad Spot (62)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Upcoming Endless Racing Game 'Super Scoot' Has Fun Power-Ups 'Sine Mora' Time-Jumping Shoot 'em Up is $0.99 'Smash Dude 2' Developers Firezoo Need Beta Testers to Help Smash Dudes Properly 'Minecraft: Pocket Edition' Gets Chinese Mythology Skins and New Music ZeptoLab's 'C.A.T.S.: Crash Arena Turbo Stars' Sparks Up the App Store on April 20th YouTube Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift Find My AirPods! iOS 10.3 is Here! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Greg Barbosa - Apr. 11th 2017 10:37 am PT @gregbarbosa Feature WWDC 2017 iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Yesterday we took a look at a few new features we hope to see coming to macOS at this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference. With no Spring event in sight, Apple is set to have a strong WWDC 2017 with updates coming across all platforms. Today we’ll be taking a look at what we hope to see in Apple’s next major iOS update: iOS 11. New Siri Starting with the most obvious and lengthiest area for improvement, we expect big strides from Siri this year. With multiple acquisitions over the last year, Apple has pulled in different companies and employees to bolster its artificial intelligence and machine learning divisions. A hopeful key area for improvement for Siri will be the ability to use it while offline. When the AirPods launched, users quickly discovered just how frustrating it can be when Siri can’t connect to the internet for basic commands. Siri could also improve ten-fold by directly integrating across platforms by using iCloud accounts. For example, a user should be able to ask Siri a command on one device and have that behavior shared or done on other devices, like an iPad or Apple TV. Imagine being able to ask Siri from your iPhone to play the latest episode of your favorite TV show on your Apple TV. A sketchy rumor based on a recently uncovered patent indicates that Apple may do just this with iOS 11. With iOS 11, Apple also has the chance to introduce a more naturally invoked Siri by creating an interface that remains out-of-the-way. When activating Siri today the interface takes up the entire display meaning users can lose visual context while looking at something else on-screen. Enabling the ability to ask Siri for a restaurant’s business hours while also looking at the restaurant’s menu on their site could become a possibility. A smaller area Siri could work towards is better understanding or enabling multi-lingual environments. I have a few different keyboard languages configured on my iPhone, and I’d love to be able to send multi-lingual messages via Siri. Craig Federighi has voiced how difficult this situation is, but that it is something Apple is working towards. Dark Mode Image: Jacek Zięba Rumors of Apple’s upcoming ‘dark mode’ has persisted for months now, but the closest we’ve gotten is Apple introducing Night Shift with iOS 9.3. Not exactly what many 9to5Mac readers were expecting or even desired. However, it was at least a step to show that Apple might be listening. A system wide dark mode remains to be seen, and visually it could introduce a whole new feel to iOS. AR (Augmented Reality) While not a new technology by any means, the success of Pokémon Go has brought augmented reality to the masses. Rumors of Apple bringing AR to the native camera have surfaced and we’ve now even seen a similar idea brought to Samsung’s new Bixby AI assistant. Bringing an AR interface to the native camera app would mean being able to recognize real world objects simply by pointing at them. Image: Gabor Balogh Realistically this could mean just getting features that align with the Apple’s new Clips app, but we’re hoping for something more. According to KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo, the iPhone 8 is expected to get a 3D front camera that would harness the tech developed by PrimeSense. This could potentially generate 3D selfies which are then used in augmented reality games. This means bringing new levels to games and third-party applications, that is if Apple were to open the APIs to developers. Using augmented reality, apps would be able to transform real world environments into new landscapes, or even map out environments similar to Google’s Tango project. Display/UI Changes Instagram, Snapchat, and YouTube have all implemented a volume HUD that stays out of the way, and seeing iOS implement a similar feature system-wide would be welcome. With reports that the newest iPhone 8 will utilize OLED displays, an always-on Lock Screen display with time and notifications may be possible. Similar reports that mention the iPhone 8’s new display technology also mention that the display will see a bump up in size. A larger display alongside a new aspect ratio means that iOS may be ready to introduce split-screen support on its iPhones. While the iPads have had this for a while, iPhones have been regulated to split-views within a single application. Apple Music The Music app has gone through its own number of revisions since its original launch, but it still remains a lot to be desired. As our readers have pointed out, in some directions it improves and in others it takes a step back. Managing the organization of the UI to show music in the local library and Apple Music catalog has proved difficult on iOS, but it’s an area where we’d like to see further improvements. Apple also hinted that it’s going to do some reorganization in the app, hopefully at the very least, as it introduces a new section to promote its first original series debuting starting this month. Read our recent roundup of what’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1 for more. Control Center The release of iOS 10 saw the rework of the previous iOS Control Center. Introducing multiple panes into the Control Center has introduced new pains for many users. Toggles that users don’t want or need are consistently visible taking up precious space. Night Shift is a great example with its huge toggle taking up a fifth of the main pane’s space. Considering that feature can be regulated to a schedule on iOS, it doesn’t need to be as large as it is. Adding a Low Power Mode option might be more beneficial here as users may want to quickly toggle that on and off. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth toggles could also introduce with 3D Touch support allowing users to quickly switch or disconnect devices. Multiple Users Adding support for multiple users on iOS is becoming more and more of a desire as consumers purchase devices for family usage. A shared family iPad in the living room isn’t uncommon and being able to switch between different preferences and configurations would be very useful. Similar to Touch ID on macOS, users could quickly switch to their profiles using their fingerprints. This feature specifically could be helpful to cross over into tvOS too, as many family members may have their own desired shows and application profiles. Default App Choices A feature many were thankful for with iOS 10 was the ability to remove default stock applications not used. Previously to iOS 10, many of these apps were regulated to being hidden away in an un-used folder. Removing stock apps did present a problem though; when third-party apps or Siri requested specific functions, iOS would ask you to re-download the stock app instead of using an alternative app already on the device. Being able to pick default apps feels more important now than ever. Setting alternative defaults for apps like Calendar and Mail and having third-party apps use those instead would make the iOS experience all the better. Messages With iOS 10, Apple introduced apps, stickers, and a slew of other features into the Messages app. Unfortunately with the amount of new features thrown-in it’s easy to forget some that may exist. A redesigned or reorganized Messages app could improve discoverability and user friendliness. Another small area Apple could improve Messages and increase Apple Pay usage, is by introducing a peer-to-peer payment system. Instead of relying on a mix of separate apps to send money to different banks, an iMessage Apple Pay integration could become a popular option for mobile payments. But we’d settle for improved reliability. FaceTime We mentioned it with yesterday’s macOS wishlist, but it’s worth mentioning again: group FaceTime calls on iOS should be here now. Here’s to hoping it’s in iOS 11! Others There are quite a few other small tweaks that are shared amongst our commenters frequently too. Not big enough to constitute their own sections, but too obvious that we couldn’t leave them out. Bring the iPhone’s Calculator and Weather apps onto the iPad. Introduce a native VPN solution using Apple’s own data servers. Return Notification Center option of grouping notifications by apps, and not just date and time. Let us know what else you’d like in the next version of iOS the comments below! Last time the overwhelming majority of you voted for Dark Mode and Siri improvements. Take Our Poll Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides WWDC17 Apple's WWDC 2017 is scheduled for June 5th - 9th at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Registration opens Monday, March 27th at 10 AM PDT (1 PM EDT). View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: opopododo Samsung didn’t even need the Galaxy S8 to beat Apple again in Q1 Mike Wehner @MikeWehner April 11th, 2017 at 1:26 PM Share Tweet With the Galaxy S8 launch date rapidly approaching and mesmerizing allure of the iPhone 7 beginning to fade, many analysts expect Samsung to spend a good chunk of 2017 growing its user base as much as it can before the next-generation iPhone 8 hits this fall. According to the market analysis gurus at TrendForce, Samsung already beat Apple in Q1 2017 after briefly losing its lead during the holiday quarter. Most interestingly, of course, Samsung did it without the S8’s help, and with the taste of exploding Note 7s still fresh in its mouth. Don't Miss: The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought Fresh off a successful Q4 2016 with the iPhone 7, Apple fell behind Samsung in Q1 2017 smartphone shipments driven largely by the success of Samsung’s Galaxy J series of mid-range smartphones. As TrendForce notes, the strong sales of the Galaxy J line helped Samsung become the only smartphone brand to post a bump in volume in Q1, and gave it the edge it needed to best Apple. But as encouraging as that news might be for Samsung — especially in the wake of one of the worst PR disasters any smartphone brand has ever had to endure — the coming months could prove to be more difficult, despite the S8’s appeal. TrendForce warns that as the much anticipated 10th anniversary of the iPhone approaches, and with it the hype of whatever Apple might have planned, demand for other smartphones could wane significantly: Major brands such as Samsung, LG and Huawei have begun to ship their flagship devices for the year, but the market demand going into the second quarter is expected to remain relatively weak as consumers are holding off their purchases in anticipation of the 10th anniversary iPhone devices that will arrive in the third quarter. Smartphone sales will be fairly lackluster until the second half of this year. TrendForce estimates that the global smartphone production volume for this second quarter will register a modest single-digit growth versus the preceding three-month period. We’ll have to wait and see if the already stellar reception of the Galaxy S8 is enough to keep Samsung on the upward trend, even in the face of unmatched iPhone excitement. Tags: Apple, Galaxy S8, iPhone 8, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Tech The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought 2 Tech It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 3 Lifestyle ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video 4 Tech We may have just uncovered another new iPhone 8 feature 5 Tech Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way Picked For You NES Classic Edition is in stock now on Amazon, and prices have dropped significantly By Maren Estrada April 10th at 8:20 AM Google and Nokia might finally make the Android phone fans are dying for By Chris Smith April 7th at 8:00 PM There’s only one thing keeping all these iPhone users from switching to the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein April 7th at 10:29 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD GLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Samsung retakes smartphone vendor crown from Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > The Next Fitbit, Inc. Hurdle: No Smartwatch Until Fall (FIT) FIT stock continues its double-digit 2017 plunge amid reports of production delays for its smartwatch, Bluetooth headphones By Robert Martin, InvestorPlace Writer  |  Apr 11, 2017, 12:24 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Stock Booms on Buyout Rumors GoPro, Inc. Stock Climbs on Camera Trade Up Launch (GPRO) Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Fends Off the Death Cross Recent Posts: The Next Fitbit, Inc. Hurdle: No Smartwatch Until Fall (FIT) GoPro, Inc. Stock Climbs on Camera Trade Up Launch (GPRO) The Walt Disney Company (DIS) Makes Goldman’s “Conviction Buy” List View All Posts Add yet another “miss” for Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) in what has so far been a miserable 2017. FIT stock was off 3% on Tuesday — bringing shares down more than 20% year-to-date amid a Yahoo Finance report saying that “production mishaps” will delay the release of Fitbit’s smartwatch and Bluetooth headphones. Source: Via Fitbit Struggling Fitbit had generated at least some excitement over the prospects of its first-ever “proper” smartwatch, but issues linked to its GPS have not only marred the project, but apparently forced a complete redesign to get the feature to work. Per the report: “Fitbit’s design team also ran into problems making its smartwatch fully waterproof, even though that’s a key design element for the Apple Watch Series 2. Indeed, it’s still unclear as of the publication of this article whether the device will launch with the waterproof feature. If it isn’t waterproof, critics may perceive it to be an inferior product to Apple’s — especially given that the device will launch roughly a year after the Apple Watch Series 2.” FIT Stock Is in Serious Trouble … Again Fitbit shares are in utter collapse, off roughly 90% from its August 2015 peak that came just months after its initial public offering. It hasn’t been for lack of growth (yet), with the company growing the top line in each of the past three years, including a 17% year-over-year improvement in 2016. 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Lows in 2017 However, profitability has been inconsistent, and this fiscal year is expected to be dour, with analysts expecting not just a 35-cent loss, but a 27% decline in revenues to roughly $1.6 billion. You can blame a few issues, not the least of which is Fitbit’s lack of a “true” smartwatch. The Fitbit Blaze, which was revealed in early 2016, was a huge disappointment that despite looking like a smartwatch was just a glorified fitness tracker, like the rest of FIT’s products. No third-party apps, no calling features and no internal GPS — something Fitbit’s next smartwatch was expected to fix. Worse, Fitbit finds itself in a field that’s not only crowded — competitors include Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Samsung (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) and Xiaomi, to name a few — suddenly has a visible ceiling. While a recent IDC report pointed out that Fitbit maintained its dominance in the wearables market, “the company also faced one of its largest declines ever as it remained heavily focused on the U.S., a market that is quickly approaching saturation for fitness trackers.” Today’s loss hasn’t done any real technical damage, if only because Fitbit was weak enough as it was. GoPro, Inc. Stock Climbs on Camera Trade Up Launch (GPRO) FIT stock has been battling with its short-term 20-day moving average over the past few weeks, climbing over it only to fall several times. Meanwhile, the 50-day MA has been in constant decline and is threatening to provide even more overhead resistance, camping just a couple percent higher at the moment. Fitbit’s next chance at any sort of redemption will come Thursday, May 4, after the close of trading, when it reports quarterly earnings … though at this rate, it could just be the next catalyst that sends shares even lower. As of this writing, Robert Martin did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/the-next-fitbit-inc-watch-wont-launch-until-fall-fit/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Technology Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Banks That Still Have Room to Climb 3 Dividend Stocks for 12 Months of Income United Stock Could Drop by Double Digits Qualcomm Is Countersuing Apple iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Bank Stocks That Still Have Room to Climb United Continental Holdings, Inc. Stock Could Drop by Double Digits (UAL) 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Ahead of Q2 Earnings (AAPL) Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When It Returns to Reality Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and... Mac Pro, iMac Pro, a “sorry” Apple, and other top stories of... The best VPNs for iPhone, iPad, and Mac What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Second betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 now available to public beta testers By Christian Zibreg, Apr 11, 2017 Tweet 7 Comments Both iOS 10.3.2 beta 2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 beta 2 are now available to the general public via the Apple Beta Software Program. Public betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 follow their developer-only releases yesterday. If you’re enrolled in Apple’s public beta program, you should receive the latest iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 betas through the Software Update mechanism in Settings on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and via the Updates tab in Mac App Store on your Mac. Both public betas offer bug and stability fixes. iOS 10.3.2 will be arriving soon following the major iOS 10.3 software update which brought out many new features, under-the-hood tweaks and nice-to-haves, like a Find My AirPods feature for locating your misplaced earbuds, Apple’s new file system and more. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube iOS 10.3 was followed by iOS 10.3.1, a minor security update. Check out our detailed walkthrough of all the changes in iOS 10.3. Like iOS 10.3.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.5 is a maintenance release without any user-facing new features. Aside from bringing iOS 9’s Night Shift mode to your Mac, the previous macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update included a few minor enhancements, such as Dictation support for Shanghainese, an updated PDF API fixing rendering issues, a new iCloud Analytics feature and Siri sports improvements. Release notes accompanying the first developer-only beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.5 state that the software improves the stability, compatibility and security of your Mac. watchOS 3.2.2 beta 2 for Apple Watch and tvOS 10.2.1 beta 2 for the fourth-generation Apple TV are unavailable via the Apple Beta Software Program, which for the time being includes iOS and macOS public betas only. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Beta 3 of iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 released for public beta testing Seventh betas of iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 now available Apple seeds fourth betas of iOS 10.3, macOS Sierra 10.12.4 and watchOS 3.2 to developers Apple launches beta 2 of iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Related Topics Beta, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Mac, macOS, macOS Sierra, macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Public Beta, Sierra AngryDingo Thank you Apple. Usually the betas are solid, but the first 12.5.1 beta would sometimes just kill Chrome. TGrzegorz Where can I download the wallpaper? Jason Yes I would like to know as well! Gradly https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b7f86169451a8ecfc56f4ed68b76865a1f0b79f03d18eb025600de976b8c6d9.png Jason Thanks a lot! Great wallpaper! 5723alex . Just got software update failed updating iPhone 7+ with iOS 10.3.2 b1 (14F5065b) zebonaut Criquet scores? And Apple calls that Innovation?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Don’t miss out on this deal: two years of Private Internet Access VPN at 63% off Check out these awesome minimalist clock screen savers for Mac Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and more Facebook unveils group payments via Messenger for desktop Second betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 now available to public beta testers   The latest jailbreak news iPhone 3GS untethered bootrom exploit released NoMoreStories removes the Stories feature from the Facebook app Hide the waveform and activity bar when using voice memos with discreetVoiceMemos iDeviceReRestore launches: restore 32-bit devices to any iOS 9.X firmware version Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Confero 2, SpecialFaces, Springtomize 4, & more… iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu VERTICAL INTEGRATION There’s a reckoning among companies that built themselves up around Apple Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Sourced April 11, 2017 A high cost. (Quartz/Dave Gershgorn) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Sourced April 11, 2017 Being a supplier for Apple might feel like finding a goose that lays golden eggs for many companies. Over the last decade, Apple has sold over 1 billion iPhones, and millions more iPads, laptops, and smartwatches. Any component supplier, or company Apple has hired to manufacture its gadgets, will likely have ridden Apple’s wave of popularity to revenue heights they had never seen before. But recent reports are suggesting that Apple is looking to develop more of the hardware that goes into its devices itself. For companies that rely heavily on Apple for business, there may be dark days ahead. Dialog Semiconductor, a British company that supplies Apple with power-management chips for the iPhone, saw its share price drop by over 30% today, on analyst reports that Apple is planning to develop some of that technology itself. It was the largest one-day drop in Dialog’s share price since 2000, according to TheStreet. This follows news last week that Apple will stop using graphics chips from another British firm, Imagination Technologies, in the next two years. Imagination’s stock price plummeted over 60% on the news, down to around £1 from about £2.90. Foxconn, the largest assembler of iPhones and other Apple products, also recently felt what happens when the company decides to take its business elsewhere. Last month, Hon Hai Precision Industry, Foxconn’s parent company, reported its first year-over-year drop in revenue in 26 years, after Apple divided up some of its assembly business among other suppliers, as well as weaker demand for the iPhone for most of 2016. When you’re dealing with the sorts of order volume that Apple can provide and also configuring your business to meet its exacting standards, it would likely be difficult for any company to put in place a sufficient contingency plan for what to do if that business dries up. And if Apple is interested in vertically integrating more of its business—much like Tesla is producing the batteries, charging system, and storage to power its vehicles—there may be more dramatic stock-price drops like these in the near future. Read this next: Apple didn’t have a great 2016, but 2017 is looking to be a big one Most Popular Nearly every way the United incident could have ended differently—in one flowchart Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Changes coming to TSP?•White House meets with CIOs•Defense contracting drawdown over? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By master and The Associated Press April 11, 2017 1:12 pm 5 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS US stock indexes slide in midday trading; oil heads lower NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slid broadly lower in midday trading, led by declines in banks and technology companies. Energy stocks also fell as the price of crude oil headed lower. Bond yields fell and the price of gold rose as investors monitored heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 7 points to 2,350 as of 1:05 p.m. Eastern Time. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 27 points to 20,631. The Nasdaq composite index lost 22 points to 5,859. Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. Advertisement TRUMP-BUSINESS LEADERS Trump says “pleasant surprises” on Nafta talks WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump promised “pleasant surprises” from planned renegotiations of the decades-old North American Free Trade Agreement. Trump spoke at a White House meeting with business leaders who are part of his strategic and policy forum. Trump said the agreement has “been a disaster since the day it was devised.” In addition to “pleasant surprises for you” on the NAFTA front, Trump reiterated his commitment to cutting taxes and regulations. Trump also said the cost of maintaining government computers that are 40 years old is so high that “we can buy a whole new system for less money than that.” He joked that he would give the business leaders $10 billion immediately to fix the government’s information technology system. What makes the 2017 CR the worst yet for Defense? JOB OPENINGS US employers posted more jobs in February and quitting fell WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers posted more open positions in February, but the number of people getting hired and the number quitting jobs fell. The overall figures suggest that the job market remains healthy, although it has yet to take off during the early stages of the Trump presidency. The Labor Department says job openings rose 2.1 percent in February to a seasonally adjusted 5.7 million. While more employers are seeking workers, hiring fell 2 percent compared to January to 5.3 million. More than 2.5 million people quit their jobs in February, a sharp 19.6 percent decline from January. This may be a sign that workers have mixed confidence about the economy, since workers typically quit either when they have another job, or are optimistic they can find one. GOOGLE-GENDER DISCRIMINATION CASE Google refutes charges, says there is no gender pay gap NEW YORK (AP) — Google says it’s “taken aback” by the government’s claim that it doesn’t compensate women fairly. The company says it conducts “rigorous analyses” that its pay practices are gender-blind. It says analysts who calculate suggested pay don’t have access to employees’ gender data. Google says it analyzed 52 major job categories last year and found “no gender pay gap.” The U.S. Department of Labor had accused Google of shortchanging women doing similar work to men, saying it found “systemic compensation disparities” across the company’s workforce. In a blog post today, Google said that beyond gender pay equity, the company recently expanded the analysis to cover race in the U.S. as well. The department had no comment, saying the case is ongoing. GERMANY-APPLE SUPPLIER Shares in chipmaker Dialog plunge over Apple contract doubts BERLIN (AP) — Shares in British-headquartered Dialog Semiconductor have plunged after an analyst downgrade that cited uncertainty over the future of its relationship with Apple. Shares in the firm were down 16.7 percent to 39.81 euros ($42.14) in afternoon trading today in Frankfurt, where Dialog Semiconductor is listed. They regained some ground after earlier dropping as low as 30.60 euros. The selling followed an analyst note from Bankhaus Lampe that downgraded Dialog to “sell.” It said there appeared to be “strong evidence” that Apple is developing its own power management chip for the iPhone and “intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part.” Last week, shares in British chipmaker Imagination Technologies dived after that company announced that Apple plans to stop using its products. CANADA-YAHOO-SECURITY BREACH Canadian judge in Yahoo hack case to reach decision on bail HAMILTON, Ontario (AP) — The lawyer for a Canadian man accused in a massive hack of Yahoo emails says his client will be living with his parents without access to the internet and electronics if released on bail. American officials allege that Karim Baratov poses an “extremely high flight risk” because of his alleged ties to Russian agents. Baratov’s parents have agreed to act as their son’s sureties. The young man’s attorney Deepak Paradkar said today that Baratov will never be alone because his father Akhmet Tokbergenov works at home. Paradkar says the father has agreed to turn off the internet in the family home if the court requests. Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. Justice Alan Whitten has said he’ll reach a bail decision today. SOLAR ENERGY-CALIFORNIA California’s solar energy set power supply record in March SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A new estimate from the U.S. government shows that California met about half of the state’s electricity demand for three hours on March 11. The San Francisco Chronicle reports (http://bit.ly/2nAQZST ) the state’s goal is for 50 percent of all electricity to come from renewable sources by 2030. The estimate came from the U.S. Department of Energy’s statistics division. The newspaper reports the division used data from the California Independent System Operator. It manages the electricity grid across 80 percent of California and part of Nevada. The record was set when almost 40 percent of the electricity flowing across the grid came from large-scale solar power plants. Homes and businesses in the area served by the grid generated the additional power that increased solar energy production for the three-hour period. XEROX SPIN-OFF-JOBS Xerox spin-off to move call center jobs to neighboring town IRONDEQUOIT, N.Y. (AP) — A spin-off company of Xerox Corp. says it plans to move its call center from one Rochester suburb to another, adding several hundred jobs in the process. Conduent Inc., the former business services division of Norwalk, Connecticut-based Xerox, says it will move the operations from Webster to a former retail store in a vacant mall in the neighboring town of Irondequoit (uh-RAHN’-duh-kwoyt). The move into the former Macy’s store at the Medley Centre mall will occur sometime in the fall. Four-hundred workers will make the move, while company officials say another 350 jobs will be added. Renovation work at the new call center operations is expected to be completed by mid-August. Flaum Management purchased the Macy’s site nearly two years ago, after the retailer moved out. Topics: All News Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1970: Apollo 13 launched to the moon Fed Photo of the Day Helicopter fills bucket for firefighting Top Stories White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Top Story First round of email records reporting holds mirror to agencies’ management practices Management Army let go of nearly 700 soldiers in the second half of 2016 to meet requirements Defense News SEC sees transition as opportunity to involve employees in engagement improvements Workforce GSA’s buildings exchange projects need more risk planning, revised reports, funding requirements Facilities/Construction THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 11, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7353 0.0092 1.73% L 2020 25.1826 0.0181 2.91% L 2030 27.9152 0.0280 4.13% L 2040 29.9860 0.0352 4.73% L 2050 17.1575 0.0222 5.28% G Fund 15.2871 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7193 0.0643 0.93% C Fund 32.6498 -0.0421 6.07% S Fund 42.7674 0.2069 4.57% I Fund 26.3570 0.1016 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 Apple releases second iOS 10.3.2 and macOS 10.12.5 public betas Zac Hall - Apr. 11th 2017 10:18 am PT @apollozac iOS macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the second iOS 10.3 public beta for testing on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. iOS 10.3.2 public beta 2 follows one day after the second developer version of the upcoming software update. Apple has also released the second public beta version of macOS 10.12.5. Sony A6500 Apple’s public beta program is free to participate in unlike its paid developer program. iOS 10.3.2 will be released to everyone in the future, and the public beta allows more users to test pre-release versions of the software update before it’s finalized. The version numbers alo suggest we should only see under-the-hood bug fixes and security improvements in these releases when ready. Apple’s iOS 10.3 release included Find My AirPods, a new APFS file system, CarPlay improvements, and much more. The macOS 10.12.5 update follows macOS 10.12.4 which brought Night Shift to the Mac for the first time. The version number and lack of release notes suggest the software update will focus on bug fixes and performance improvements We’ll update with any changes discovered in the latest release. Both watchOS and tvOS betas are only available for developers. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iOS View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.24 +0.01 RCI-B: 59.95 +0.03 T: 44.50 +0.11 SJR-B: 27.87 +0.09 QBR-B: 40.95 +0.35 News Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 11, 2017 12:17 PM EDTThe Nintendo Switch is in stock at The Source right now Apr 11, 2017 12:10 PM EDTHalifax international student says he lost $6,000 in phone scam threat... Apr 11, 2017 12:03 PM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at massive discounts Apr 11, 2017 11:13 AM EDTWestern Digital’s new G-Drive could be the USB-C hard drive you&... Apr 11, 2017 10:57 AM EDTUberEATS’ Pop-Up Kitchen gives aspiring Toronto restaurateurs a ... Apr 11, 2017 10:41 AM EDTPlay GameCube games on the go with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Carriers Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Manufacturers Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Phones Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Apr 10, 2017 9:58 AM EDTZTE announces affordable ZTE Quartz Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 11, 2017 12:17 PM EDTThe Nintendo Switch is in stock at The Source right now Apr 11, 2017 10:57 AM EDTUberEATS’ Pop-Up Kitchen gives aspiring Toronto restaurateurs a ... Apr 11, 2017 10:41 AM EDTPlay GameCube games on the go with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Apr 11, 2017 10:05 AM EDTMicrosoft starts rollout of Windows 10 Creators Update Apr 11, 2017 10:04 AM EDTInstagram reveals new Snapchat-like disappearing direct message feature Apr 10, 2017 11:18 AM EDTGoogle’s chief game designer leaves company to make games again Apr 10, 2017 11:13 AM EDTVideotron’s Unlimited Music service adds South Asian streaming p... Apr 10, 2017 9:02 AM EDTAudio calling is now rolling out globally to all Google Duo users Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 11, 2017 12:03 PM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at massive discounts Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Carriers Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Qualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees By Dean Daley Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDT2017-04-11EDT12:40:54-04:002017-04-11EDT12:40:54-04:00 0 comments Qualcomm, the manufacturer of the processors that power the majority of modern Android devices, is countersuing Apple in a dispute related to licensing fees. According to CNBC, Qualcomm says it’s countersuing for damages and is urging Apple to stop interfering with its arrangements with the companies that manufacture parts for the iPhone and iPad. Qualcomm earns money from the chips its sells, as well as from royalties stemming from companies that utilize its technology, such as the Snapdragon 835 processor found in the Samsung Galaxy S8. In Qualcomm’s countersuit, filed at the U.S. District Court of the Southern District of California, the company says Apple breached and interfered with its agreements with other device manufacturers. Qualcomm also claims Apple did “not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7,” according to CNBC. Apple recently launched a $1 billion suit against Qualcomm, stating that the company has withheld nearly $1 billion from the company as a retaliatory measure as a result of it helping Korean authorities with an antitrust investigation. Source: CNBC  Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Instagram reveals new Snapchat-like disappearing direct message feature Microsoft starts rollout of Windows 10 Creators Update Take a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats’ 360-degree VR film Apple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more powerful Microsoft starts rollout of Windows 10 Creators Update Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles Features Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDT Apple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion News Apr 6, 2017 1:00 PM EDT Apple launches new ‘Made in Toronto-Waterloo’ App Store section as part of Canada 150 SyrupCast Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDT SyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress News Mar 14, 2017 3:26 PM EDT 5G standards body expecting deployments as early as 2019 Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 11, 2017 12:17 PM EDTThe Nintendo Switch is in stock at The Source right now Apr 11, 2017 12:10 PM EDTHalifax international student says he lost $6,000 in phone scam threat... Apr 11, 2017 12:03 PM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at massive discounts Apr 11, 2017 11:13 AM EDTWestern Digital’s new G-Drive could be the USB-C hard drive you&... Apr 11, 2017 10:57 AM EDTUberEATS’ Pop-Up Kitchen gives aspiring Toronto restaurateurs a ... Apr 11, 2017 10:41 AM EDTPlay GameCube games on the go with the Samsung Galaxy S8 All News Carriers Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Manufacturers Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Phones Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Apr 10, 2017 9:58 AM EDTZTE announces affordable ZTE Quartz Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 11, 2017 12:17 PM EDTThe Nintendo Switch is in stock at The Source right now Apr 11, 2017 10:57 AM EDTUberEATS’ Pop-Up Kitchen gives aspiring Toronto restaurateurs a ... Apr 11, 2017 10:41 AM EDTPlay GameCube games on the go with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Apr 11, 2017 10:05 AM EDTMicrosoft starts rollout of Windows 10 Creators Update Apr 11, 2017 10:04 AM EDTInstagram reveals new Snapchat-like disappearing direct message feature Apr 10, 2017 11:18 AM EDTGoogle’s chief game designer leaves company to make games again Apr 10, 2017 11:13 AM EDTVideotron’s Unlimited Music service adds South Asian streaming p... Apr 10, 2017 9:02 AM EDTAudio calling is now rolling out globally to all Google Duo users Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 11, 2017 12:03 PM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at massive discounts Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport All Business Carriers Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Tech News Smartphone fingerprint sensors may not be as secure as you think New research suggests that smartphones can be easily fooled by fake fingerprints that have been digitally composed. Many iPhone and Android smartphones offer fingerprint technology to allow easy unlocking.  (Manu Fernandez / The Associated Press)   By Vindu GoelThe New York Times Tues., April 11, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO—Fingerprint sensors have turned modern smartphones into miracles of convenience. A touch of a finger unlocks the phone — no password required. With services like Apple Pay or Android Pay, a fingerprint can buy a bag of groceries, a new laptop or even a $1 million vintage Aston Martin. And pressing a finger inside a banking app allows the user to pay bills or transfer thousands of dollars. While such wizardry is convenient, it has also left a gaping security hole. New findings published Monday by researchers at New York University and Michigan State University suggest that smartphones can easily be fooled by fake fingerprints digitally composed of many common features found in human prints. In computer simulations, the researchers from the universities were able to develop a set of artificial “MasterPrints” that could match real prints similar to those used by phones as much as 65 per cent of the time. The researchers did not test their approach with real phones, and other security experts said the match rate would be significantly lower in real-life conditions. Still, the findings raise troubling questions about the effectiveness of fingerprint security on smartphones. “It’s almost certainly not as worrisome as presented, but it’s almost certainly pretty darn bad,” said Andy Adler, a professor of systems and computer engineering at Carleton University in Ottawa, who studies biometric security systems. “If all I want to do is take your phone and use your Apple Pay to buy stuff, if I can get into one in 10 phones, that’s not bad odds.” Article Continued Below Full human fingerprints are difficult to falsify, but the finger scanners on phones are so small that they read only partial fingerprints. When a user sets up fingerprint security on an Apple iPhone or a phone that runs Google’s Android software, the phone typically takes eight to 10 images of a finger to make it easier to make a match. And many users record more than one finger — say, the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Since a finger swipe has to match only one stored image to unlock the phone, the system is vulnerable to false matches. “It’s as if you have 30 passwords and the attacker only has to match one,” said Nasir Memon, a professor of computer science and engineering at NYU’s Tandon School of Engineering, who is one of three authors of the study, which was published in IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. The other authors are Aditi Roy, a post-doctoral fellow at NYU’s Tandon School, and Arun Ross, a professor of computer science and engineering at Michigan State. Memon said their findings indicated that if you could somehow create a magic glove with a MasterPrint on each finger, you could get into 40 to 50 per cent of iPhones within the five tries allowed before the phone demands the numeric password, known as a personal identification number. Apple said the chance of a false match in the iPhone’s fingerprint system was 1 in 50,000 with one fingerprint enrolled. Ryan James, a company spokesperson, said Apple had tested various attacks when developing its Touch ID system, and also incorporated other security features to prevent false matches. Google declined to comment. The actual risk is difficult to quantify. Apple and Google keep many details of their fingerprint technology secret, and the dozens of companies that make Android phones can adapt Google’s standard design in ways that reduce the level of security. Stephanie Schuckers, a professor at Clarkson University and director of the Center for Identification Technology Research, was cautious about the implications of the MasterPrint findings. She said the researchers used a mid-range, commercially available software program that was designed to match full fingerprints, limiting the broader applicability of their findings. “To really know what the impact would be on a cellphone, you’d have to try it on the cellphone,” she said. She noted that cellphone-makers and others who use fingerprint security systems are studying anti-spoofing techniques to detect the presence of a real finger, such as looking for perspiration or examining patterns in deeper layers of skin. A new fingerprint sensor from Qualcomm, for example, uses ultrasound. Phone-makers also said that the ease of touching a finger to unlock a phone meant more users actually turned on security features instead of leaving their phones unlocked — a common habit in the early days of smartphones. Ross acknowledged the limitations of the work. “Most of the current smartphone vendors do not give us access to the fingerprint image,” he said. Still, the team’s fundamental finding that partial fingerprints are vulnerable to spoofing is significant, said Chris Boehnen, the manager of the federal government’s Odin program, which studies how to defeat biometric security attacks as part of the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity. “What’s concerning here is that you could find a random phone, and your barrier to attack is pretty low,” Boehnen said. Phone-makers could easily increase security by making it harder to match the partial fingerprint, he said, “but the average phone company is more worried about you being annoyed that you have to put your finger against the phone two or three times than they are with someone breaking into it.” Adding a larger fingerprint sensor would also decrease the risk, Boehnen said. And some newer biometric security options, such as the iris scanner in ’s new Galaxy S8, are harder to fool. Memon said that despite his research he was still using fingerprint security on his iPhone. “I’m not worried,” he said. “I think it’s still a very convenient way of unlocking a phone. But I’d rather see Apple make me enter the PIN if it’s idle for one hour.” Read more about: Google, Apple Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 10°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Book excerpt: Remembering a mother’s life In her new book, What Remains, Toronto Star columnist Karen von Hahn shares vivid recollections of her mother through the things she left behind. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Computers Image Source: Apple Inc. Apple tumbles down laptop brand survey after tepid reaction to new MacBooks Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal April 10th, 2017 at 6:01 PM Share Tweet After taking first place every year since 2010 in Laptop Mag’s survey of the best and worst laptop brands, Apple has dropped to fifth place in the 2017 edition of the survey. Participants voted on six criteria for each brand, and while Apple scored well on reviews, design and support, it took a beating in value and selection. Apple has always sold its laptops at a premium, but in 2017, consumers don’t think they’re worth it. Don't Miss: iOS 11 might kill your favorite old iPhone apps While Apple tumbled all the way down to fifth, Lenovo shot back up to the top spot from all the way down at fourth in 2016. Reviews for Lenovo’s latest machines — especially the long-lasting ThinkPad laptops — have significantly improved this year, as has Lenovo’s customer support and dedication to innovation. Image Source: Laptop Mag Behind Lenovo at the top of the list, Asus and Dell swapped spots, with Asus snagging Dell’s title of runner-up this year. Of all the brands featured in the survey, Asus consistently has the best reputation with gamers and is constantly pushing the limits when it comes to design. Warranty and support are somewhat lacking, but that hasn’t stopped Asus from climbing into the upper tier and outperforming Apple. HP managed to sneak in above Apple at number four while Acer actually tied with Apple for fifth. Apple beat Acer in five of the six criteria, but Acer crushed Apple when it came to value and selection. Apple clearly saw the writing on the wall before this survey came out, as it went so far as to invite a group of journalists to the Apple Campus last week to pass on a message to consumers that the Mac brand was still a priority for the company. By the end of the year, we expect to see new MacBook models. Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought 2 Tech It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 3 Lifestyle ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video 4 Tech We may have just uncovered another new iPhone 8 feature 5 Tech Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way Picked For You Video shows United Airlines violently dragging random passenger off overbooked flight By Chris Mills April 10th at 10:30 AM ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video By Chris Mills April 10th at 3:00 PM There’s only one thing keeping all these iPhone users from switching to the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein April 7th at 10:29 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES COMPANIES April 12, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago usd---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors24 Markets12 Automotives1 Banking4 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media5 Careers1 Energy74 Retail Shipping Technology4 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Dirhams & Dollars, episode 2: Encryption Sponsored content: Effective storytelling Strong loan growth lifts profit at QNB Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation United Airlines - Tweets DAE reports 67% plunge in net income to $199m Emirates Islamic launches credit card Economy5 Property2 GN Property top stories in Property Law prohibits transferring govt housing rights 'Dubai residents could be in for a rental jolt' Your guide to property investment in the UK Money2 Dirhams and Dollars2 Visas Analysis5 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Qualcomm hits back at Apple’s lawsuit, accuses iPhone maker of false statements Apple had filed the lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates Published: 15:45 April 11, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Bengaluru Qualcomm hit back at Apple Inc’s charges that were made in a US lawsuit in January, saying the iPhone maker breached agreements with the firm and encouraged regulatory attacks on its business in various jurisdictions around the world by making false statements. Apple had filed the lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion (Dh3.67 billion) in promised rebates. The lawsuit came days after the US government accused the chipmaker of resorting to anti-competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. “It [Apple] has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable licence terms from Qualcomm,” the chipmaker said in a statement on Monday. Qualcomm filed counterclaims to Apple’s lawsuit with the US District Court for the Southern District of California. The chipmaker said in the statement that Apple interfered in its agreements with licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads. Qualcomm also said Apple threatened it in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones, and misrepresented performance differences between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems. Responding to the chipmaker’s statement, Apple said it is reiterating its comments made in January that Qualcomm had overcharged royalties and gained from Apple’s technologies not related to Qualcomm’s patents. Apple also filed in January a lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, alleging the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, according to Beijing’s Intellectual Property Court. — Reuters More from Companies Mashreq Capital to name Robert Hahm CEO Dubai a choice for innovators: Shaikh Hamdan LVMH rises to record high Watchdogs allege Shell knew of Nigeria kickbacks Troubled Toshiba warns over survival tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessCompanies tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNapple Also In CompaniesMashreq Capital to name Robert Hahm CEO Business Gallery First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Saudi Telecom edges past Emirates in brand value 02Troubled Toshiba warns over survival 03Dubai Investments sees gains in Saudi, Angola Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play See the latest gadgets and tech from GITEX 2011 Oct 09, 2011 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-04-12 09:48:06 Currency Updates pair-currency Loading..No value Markets Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on Events to watch Apr  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Today09:00 AM Emirates Skills National Competition 2017Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (ADNEC) United Arab EmiratesAbu Dhabi Today12:00 PM Dubai International Super CupDubai 7s Stadium, Dubai Dubai Today02:30 PM Grease the Musical, April 7-13Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) United Kingdom 13 Apr12:00 PM Dubai International Super CupDubai 7s Stadium, Dubai Dubai 13 Apr02:30 PM Grease the Musical, April 7-13Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) United Kingdom Today 125th anniversary of Blickensderfer typewriterUSA Today 25th anniversary of Disneyland ParisParis, France Today VETme 2017Dubai World Trade Centre Today UK Stress Awareness Month 1-30 April 2017United Kingdom Today International Day for Street Children Today International Day of Human Space Flight Today World Homeopathy Awareness Week 10-16 April 2017 Most Popular on Gulf News Isra'a Wal Miraj holiday announced in UAE 2017 UAE holidays Came with no passport, stayed 48 years Indian expat fired over social media abuse Anchor reads news of husband’s death Massage card barrage frustrates residents Tough times ahead for Karama’s strip mall Drug mule with 115 pills in stomach held Emirati girl, 5, killed in Dubai fire Close Recommended For You US needs new metrics to judge those job numbersPUBLISHED ON Apr 12, 2017 David Letterman’s mum dies at 95PUBLISHED ON Apr 12, 2017 Watch: Emirates mocks United after scandalPUBLISHED ON Apr 12, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Wednesday, 12 April 2017 Log in Forgot Username or Password New Here? Create an account Your profile Edit profile Log out Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Asia Communication Awards 2017 Connected Britain 2017 Total Telecom Congress America Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive Qualcomm hits back at Apple lawsuit By Nick Wood, Total Telecom Tuesday 11 April 17 Chip maker seeks damages; claims Apple made false statements to regulators, crippled performance of its modem chips. Qualcomm late on Monday filed a countersuit against Apple, alleging that the device maker made false statements to regulators, breached agreements, and deliberately limited the performance of its modem chips in the iPhone 7. The chip maker also claims that Apple interfered with agreements between Qualcomm and Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads… Qualcomm late on Monday filed a countersuit against Apple, alleging that the device maker made false statements to regulators, breached agreements, and deliberately limited the performance of its modem chips in the iPhone 7. The chip maker also claims that Apple interfered with agreements between Qualcomm and Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads. Apple is also accused of misrepresenting facts in order to encourage regulatory attacks on Qualcomm in other countries. "[Apple] has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm," said Don Rosenberg, EVP and general counsel, Qualcomm. "We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry," he said. Perhaps the most serious accusation levelled at Apple is that it deliberately chose to not use the full performance of Qualcomm's modem chips in the iPhone 7, and misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm chips, and those using competitor-supplied chips. Qualcomm claimed that Apple threatened it in an attempt to prevent Qualcomm from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. "Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90% of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies," Rosenberg insisted. Qualcomm's blistering attack was launched after Apple sued Qualcomm for $1 billion in January, accusing the company of having an abusive licensing model designed to extract excessive royalties in return for using Qualcomm's patented technology. We are having trouble showing you adverts on this page, which may be a result of ad blocker software being installed on your device. To view the article please disable any ad blocking software Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. TRENDING » Comcast turns to flexible mobile tariffs to defend against A… » Telenor puts $259m worth of Veon shares on the block » Vivendi hints at intention to replace Telecom Italia chairman » Altice USA files for IPO » Qualcomm hits back at Apple lawsuit » CMA dismisses CityFibre's leased lines appeal » Vodafone Australia sounds alarm over NBN's use of prospectiv… » Vivendi seeks control of Telecom Italia » AT&T acquires nationwide '5G spectrum' via $1.6bn Straight P… » Total Telecom Media Information 2017 RECENTLY READ » Qualcomm hits back at Apple lawsuit Newsletter signup Quickly get on board and up to date with the telecoms industry Your Last Name Your Email Your Company Login RELATED ARTICLES Global device shipments to remain flat this year – Gartner Sorry week for Samsung Nokia charts meteoric rise of mobile malware MTN South Africa plans 4x4 MIMO upgrade in 2017   Quick Links Home Media information About us Contact us Privacy My profile Newsletter Breakfast briefings Webinars Video Social Links Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Total Telecom meets the information and research needs of the Global Communications industry, from breaking news to expert analysis. It is the leading communications link between end users and the vendors, carriers and resellers of telecommunications technology and services. Email: info@totaltele.com Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7092 1000 © terrapinn holdings ltd mmxvi all rights reserved Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Asia Communication Awards 2017 Connected Britain 2017 Total Telecom Congress America Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 9to5Toys Last Call: 15″ MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar $2,070, SanDisk Storage Sale, iPhone 7/Plus cases $4, more Justin Kahn - Apr. 11th 2017 9:30 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi 32GB (cert. refurb) down to $380 shipped Apple iPhone 6 32GB off-contract for $200 at Boost Mobile Jiffy Lube Gift Card 20% off: $60 for $48 w/ free email delivery Gorillaz launch new AR/VR app to host largest ever listening party WikiLinks Smart Wikipedia Reader for iOS now available free Under Armour SpeedForm Record Equipped shoes takes fitness to a new level Harman Kardon HK 3700 A/V Receiver (cert. refurb) for $145 shipped Uncharted: The Lost Legacy releases in August w/ 10+ hour campaign Get Curious George Seasons 1-9 in HD for just $10 a season Green Deals: Honeywell Wi-Fi Smart Thermostat $130, more Misfit’s Flare is a low cost fitness tracker that doesn’t skip out on functionality The KERUO L7 smart pocket projector puts the big screen in the palm of your hands Create your own custom Xbox One Wireless Controller for $65 (Reg. $80) Get 25% off Nike styles at Macy’s for men, women, and kids ‘The Age of Innocence’ Kindle eBook for free w/ Audible narration Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar: $2,070 ($329 savings) Apple’s 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro + Touch Bar $1,750 (Reg. $1,999) SanDisk flash drives, SSDs and more up to 35% off at Amazon, today only Caseology iPhone 7/Plus cases in a variety of styles and colors from $4 iTunes $100 Gift Card from PayPal for $85 with email delivery Kingdom New Lands for iOS gets very first price drop: $7 Legend of Skyfish iOS/Android action-adventure hits lowest price ever: $1 Trine 1, 2 & 3 for Mac now on sale from $2 each (Reg. up to $15) Artkive for iOS goes free: easily keep track of all your kids’ artwork App Store Free App of the Week: Toca Life School children’s iOS app free Hyperburner iOS space racer free for very first time (Reg. $3) Review: MUJJO Leather/Wool Sleeves keep your MacBook protected in style Review: Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack pulls double duty for Apple Watch and iPhone Review: Decks by FluidStance bring motion and fun to standing desks and more Best Console Releases for April: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Outlast 2 & more 9to5Rewards: Brydge iPad Keyboards provide serious productivity on-the-go [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Dell’s Color Laser All-in-One Printer w/ AirPrint is down to $130 Olala 6000mAh Power Bank w/ MFi Lightning Cable $15, more Garmin Vivofit 2 Bluetooth Fitness Wristband $40,more Sony announces super thin $700 e-paper tablet Petcube Play w/ 1080p video, audio & built-in laser $142 (Reg. $200) Inferno is the the $1 HD iTunes Movie Rental of the Week Coleman camping gear up to 30% off: tents, grills and more at Amazon Amazon offers a three-piece Moscow Mule mug set for $26 in today’s Gold Box True Religion offers 30% off entire purchase + free shipping Games/Apps: Minecraft Story Mode $20, Diablo III $20, iOS freebies, more Staedtler Fineliner Adult Coloring Book Pens $19 + more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Anker takes the wraps off new slim iPhone 7 battery case with Lightning port access Teodoor offers full smart lock functionality in the ‘world’s smallest package’ Kniterate is a smart 3D printer for the aspiring tailor Ford’s smart crib will get your infant to sleep without having to take a night drive Play Elder Scrolls Online for free on PS4, Xbox One, Mac/PC Knomo’s water-resistant LiveFree bag offers wireless charging on the go Duo is the AI-infused Smart Mirror that everyone needs to start their day Powrtabs is a biodegradable charger for your iPhone and Android TP-Link Smart LED Light Bulbs gain Alexa control, remain affordable at $20+ With Polar’s new M430 iOS compatible sports watch, you’ll run smarter Transformers Forged to Fight out now on iOS/Android (free-to-play) Lift-bit offers a stylish and intelligent modular seating system for your home Xbox Scorpio console specs unveiled with native 4K and more Samsung’s MU Series Ultra HDTVs bring affordability and sleek designs Clarity is a touchscreen Smart Speaker that combines Google Now and Alexa How to add sound to your LEGO creations with the PFx Brick The Sunrise Smart Pillow aspires to make every morning better Lego introduces 16 new minifigures with Collectible Series 17 Epson details new Home Cinema 1450 projector with incredible lumen count Western Digital announces My Passport external SSD with USB-C connection Sony G-Series SSDs for 4K video hit store shelves next month Dishonored 2’s first three missions for free on PS4, Xbox One, PC Bring pixel art to life with PIXIO magnetic construction sets MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Anker’s Easter Sale discounts your favorite power and audio gear Logitech K780 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard goes to $60 at Amazon Google Home + Philips Hue Smart Lighting Kit bundle for $266 Best Online Fashion Discounts for Students in 2017 Luxury Book iPhone 7 Plus Case Harmon Kardon  5.1-Ch Home Theater $250 RAVPower 4-port USB Charger $14 Prime shipped Nintendo amiibo sale, three for $20: Gift Cards up to 20% off: Cabela’s, more Aukey PowerHub Mini w/ 4 USB Ports $16, more Starbucks is handing out $5 credits PSVR Aim Controller Farpoint Bundle pre-order $20 off AmazonBasics Scissors from just over $1 Prime shipped View-Maser Batman VR Pack $13 Prime shipped Netgear Arlo Q 1080p Security Cam $127.50 Stanley 8-Inch Torpedo Level $2 8-pack EcoSmart A19 LED Light Bulbs $10, more Netgear Arlo Pro 3-Cam Surveillance: $500 Fitbit Charge 2 Fitness Tracker returns to $100 Cuisinart Stainless Steel Toaster Oven nearly $100 off (refurb) Mpow 20 LED Outdoor Solar Lights $16, more Lowe’s Gift Card: $225 in credit for $200 Garmin Fitness Smartwatches from $220 MicroUSB to USB-C adapters (4-pack): $5 RAVPower 12000mAh Power Bank $16, more Hamilton Beach Dual Breakfast Sandwich Maker for just $18 Brita Filtered Sport Water Bottle for just over $4 Saks Off 5th: 80% off select spring styles, shoes, and more Cuisinart Multiclad Pro 12-pc Cookware Set $182 Logitech’s G300s Optical Gaming Mouse is now $20 Top Caribbean Destinations For Your Next Vacation 6-pack Hampton Bay Solar LED Pathway Lights $9.50, more Justin Kahn @justinkahnmusic Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. Favorite Gear PXN MFi game controller Akai MPK USB MIDI Keyboard Pocket Operator synth Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Begin typing your search above and press return to search. Press Esc to cancel. Donklephant Primary Navigation Please select a menu in this location Home Software iOS 10.3.2 Second Beta Available to Developers with New Changes By Costea Lestoc. Published on April 11, 2017. 0 Yesterday, Apple has seeded the second beta version of the upcoming iOS 10.3.2 update to developers. Developers can now download the second beta for iOS 10.3.2, but also for macOS 10.12.5, watchOS 3.2.2, and for tvOS 10.2.1 and add new fixes for iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple TV and also Apple Watch. It has been almost two weeks since Apple seeded the first iOS 10.3.2 beta and two weeks after iOS 10.3 was introduced. The iOS 10.3 was one of the biggest update that Apple has come out with since iOS 10 was released last fall. It included some new improvements for iPads and iPhones and also a secret one-handed keyboard. The previous updates for iOS 10.3 included a number of new features such as Find My AirPode, iCloud calls for Verizon, CarPlay tweaks, a Podcast widget and a more secure Apple File System. Apple has also revealed a minor iOS 10.3.1 update which was mainly revolving around some security improvements. All registered developers can now download the second iOS 10.3.2 beta from the Apple Developer Center. We still don’t know yet what improvements and new features will this second beta include as Apple didn’t offer any release notes with such details. In the first iOS 10.3.2 update there was nothing of great interest discovered. This second beta release will probably turn out to be just a minor update, and we might expect it to bring some bug fixes and some more performance improvements. On the other hand, Apple has already said that the update is going to fix SiriKit car commands, so we hope that they’re going to work as smooth as we expect them to. These could be the last updates before the WWDC, and Apple engineers are probably fixing the last security issues on these latest beta versions before moving full time to iOS11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4 and tvOS 11. Categories Software Tags AppleiOS 10.3.2iOS 10.3.2 Second Beta 0 likes + There are no comments Add yours Cancel reply Comment Name Email Url Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Popular Posts Sorry. No data yet. Subscribe to Donklephant via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 65 other subscribers Email Address Recent Comments Jane Jones on Google Chrome Instructions on Using The Bookmark Menu Using bookmarks is a must! I also use Bookmark OS with Chrome which I really like https://bookmarkos.com Saima Khan on Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Hybrid - What We Know So Far? If it is coming out in October then it should come with Cannonlake not Kaby lake. Cannonlake is coming in a couple of months and Blog Stats 989,905 hits Recent Posts Google Chromecast Tips on How to Turn Your TV into A Personal Dashboard Clash Royale Advice For Beginners – How to Take Over The Game Skype Is Now Able To Translate Voice And Video Calls To Japanese Google Chrome Tips on How You Can Fix Adobe Flash Player Issues GTA 6 to be Set in Rome, Tokyo or Sao Paulo? Home Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2017 © Donklephant
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Dialog Semi slump, banks weigh on European shares; volatility up Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Apr 11, 2017 | 12:43pm EDT Dialog Semi slump, banks weigh on European shares; volatility up * STOXX 600 ends little changed * Apple worries smash Dialog, but big banks play down risks * Volatility index rises to more than 1-month high * Alstom hit after reports of rival rail merger talks * Autogrill rallies as spin-off move fuels M&A chatter (Adds details, closing prices) By Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni LONDON, April 11 A sharp drop in shares of Apple-supplier Dialog Semiconductor dominated trading in otherwise muted European stock markets on Tuesday as a shortened week and risk-off sentiment kept investors from making big bets. The pan-European STOXX 600 ended flat as gains in the luxury goods sectors offset weakness in chipmakers and financials. Better-than-expected quarterly sales at LVMH lifted shares of the world's largest luxury goods maker to a record high. European shares have been treading water in recent sessions, with the benchmark index little changed so far this month on mounting political tensions in the Middle East and North Korea, above-average valuations and caution ahead of earnings season. Expectations that European stocks might see bigger swings in the short term rose to their highest since end-February, following a similar spike in volatility on Wall Street overnight. On the day, tech stocks were the worst sectoral performers, with a sub-index tracking top European tech firms down 1.2 percent. Losses were led by Dialog Semiconductor, which lost 14 percent after a German broker said the company risks losing business from Apple. Broker Bankhaus Lampe cut its rating on the chipmaker to "sell" from "buy", warning that Apple could be developing its own PMIC (power management integrated circuit). Dialog Semiconductor supplies power management chips to Apple. "We hear from the industry that about 80 engineers at Apple are already working on a PMIC with specific plans to employ it in the iPhone by as early as 2019," analysts at Bankhaus Lampe said in a note. Dialog sharespared some losses as big banks including Barclays, Morgan Stanley and BofA-ML cast doubts on views that the firm risked losing business from Apple and called the share slide an over-reaction. Dialog had lost one-third of its market value at one point. Last week, shares in Imagination Technologies lost two-thirds of their value after Apple, its biggest customer, said that it would stop using Imagination's graphics technology. "(Dialog Semiconductor) could potentially go the same way as Imagination Technologies has recently. It just shows the risks associated with companies being very reliant on one key contract," Dafydd Davies, partner at Charles Hanover Investments, said. Industry peer AMS also came under pressure after UBS cut its rating to "neutral" from "buy", sending the stock down 9.5 percent, while STMicroelectronics fell 3.6 percent. Elsewhere, share price moves were driven by dealmaking expectations. French rail equipment maker Alstom fell 2.7 percent on reports that rivals Siemens and Bombardier were in talks to combine their rail operations. Italian restaurants firm Autogrill surged 8.2 percent to a record high after news that it plans to separate its food and beverage business fueled speculation of possible merger and acquisition activity. Banking stocks dropped 0.7 percent, with Banco Popular the biggest loser, down 9.7 percent and hitting fresh record lows. On Monday, the bank said that it was considering another capital hike to clean up its balance sheet and would consider a merger deal. (Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Tom Heneghan) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on April 12 April 12 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 6 points higher on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open. RPT-South African tumult hinders Barclays' exit from continent JOHANNESBURG, April 11 Barclays' plan to sell its African business and pull out of the continent are being hindered by South Africa's political upheaval and credit-rating downgrades, according to banking sources and fund managers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Dialog Semi slump, banks weigh on European shares; volatility up By Reuters Published: 12:44 EDT, 11 April 2017 | Updated: 12:44 EDT, 11 April 2017 e-mail By Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni LONDON, April 11 (Reuters) - A sharp drop in shares of Apple-supplier Dialog Semiconductor dominated trading in otherwise muted European stock markets on Tuesday as a shortened week and risk-off sentiment kept investors from making big bets. The pan-European STOXX 600 ended flat as gains in the luxury goods sectors offset weakness in chipmakers and financials. Better-than-expected quarterly sales at LVMH lifted shares of the world's largest luxury goods maker to a record high. European shares have been treading water in recent sessions, with the benchmark index little changed so far this month on mounting political tensions in the Middle East and North Korea, above-average valuations and caution ahead of earnings season. Expectations that European stocks might see bigger swings in the short term rose to their highest since end-February, following a similar spike in volatility on Wall Street overnight. On the day, tech stocks were the worst sectoral performers, with a sub-index tracking top European tech firms down 1.2 percent. Losses were led by Dialog Semiconductor, which lost 14 percent after a German broker said the company risks losing business from Apple. Broker Bankhaus Lampe cut its rating on the chipmaker to "sell" from "buy", warning that Apple could be developing its own PMIC (power management integrated circuit). Dialog Semiconductor supplies power management chips to Apple. "We hear from the industry that about 80 engineers at Apple are already working on a PMIC with specific plans to employ it in the iPhone by as early as 2019," analysts at Bankhaus Lampe said in a note. Dialog sharespared some losses as big banks including Barclays, Morgan Stanley and BofA-ML cast doubts on views that the firm risked losing business from Apple and called the share slide an over-reaction. Dialog had lost one-third of its market value at one point. Last week, shares in Imagination Technologies lost two-thirds of their value after Apple, its biggest customer, said that it would stop using Imagination's graphics technology. "(Dialog Semiconductor) could potentially go the same way as Imagination Technologies has recently. It just shows the risks associated with companies being very reliant on one key contract," Dafydd Davies, partner at Charles Hanover Investments, said. Industry peer AMS also came under pressure after UBS cut its rating to "neutral" from "buy", sending the stock down 9.5 percent, while STMicroelectronics fell 3.6 percent. Elsewhere, share price moves were driven by dealmaking expectations. French rail equipment maker Alstom fell 2.7 percent on reports that rivals Siemens and Bombardier were in talks to combine their rail operations. Italian restaurants firm Autogrill surged 8.2 percent to a record high after news that it plans to separate its food and beverage business fueled speculation of possible merger and acquisition activity. Banking stocks dropped 0.7 percent, with Banco Popular the biggest loser, down 9.7 percent and hitting fresh record lows. On Monday, the bank said that it was considering another capital hike to clean up its balance sheet and would consider a merger deal. (Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Tom Heneghan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna clashes with Chloe Sims on TOWIE following rumours of the blonde's 'close' bond with her ex Pete Wicks Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cosies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris A-list event Former Hollyoaks star Lee Otway looks almost unrecognisable as he shows off his new ripped physique following dramatic lifestyle overhaul 'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED 'Best day of my life, I'm divorced!' Jodie Marsh runs through garden stark NAKED to celebrate singledom... as she reveals she will 'never be duped again' PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Baby joy Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her large assets into tight zip-up outfit Hilarious She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii Looking good Make-up free Charlotte Crosby is unrecognisable as she dresses up in period costume to play Sir Isaac Newton's mother in Drunk History 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum and hopes they will work together again... but NOT on The X Factor 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Gave birth last month Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Robin reliant! Thicke proves to be a dependable dad as he treats son to day out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton Police raid storage locker in search of Mel B's 'sex tapes' as Spice Girl gets restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her after 'pregnancy' 'I had a moment of feeling free...': Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex Katy Perry are still 'friends'  'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in a star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Molly McFadden, 15, enjoys family time at Chessington as mum Kerry Katona reveals she's 'heartbroken' that her eldest is moving to become a surgeon EXCLUSIVE - On an escapade: New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for furniture  Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love Main character Paige Townsen Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings'  Kelsey Grammer and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills At 62, the five-time Emmy winner is 25 years older  'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Putting on a brave face Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The 29-year-old posed in a pair of skimpy undies 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Bravely opened up about her own experience  'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade Still have a relationship Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends 'I can't explain how scary it's been to be so open': Marnie Simpson confirms the release of revealing tell-all autobiography titled Stripped Bare Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign 'Talking was a very strong part of the healing': Stephen Fry speaks candidly about his mental health battle as he teams up with royals for new campaign PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Just horsing around! Sweet Harper Beckham, 5, proves her riding talents as she saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home She's laying low She's an ace! Maria Sharapova is stylish in tie dye Capris and gray Pashmina shawl in Los Angeles The tennis pro is gearing up for her return Animal attraction! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle and girlfriend Emma McVey look loved up as the couple hit Sydney's Taronga Zoo Dating since August  Leading lady! Katherine Jenkins puts on glamorous display in elegant black dress as she attends Carousel after-party following West End debut  Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Riding high Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel She is reportedly due in early April  Get to the chopped salad! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes military Hummer to meet daughters for lunch in Venice Action man persona 'My plan is to impregnate Char': Stephen Bear reveals he wants to have a BABY with girlfriend Charlotte Crosby by next year .  'Drowning out the pain 'cos you're not mine': Stephanie Davis releases song entitled 'Missin'... rumoured to be about rehab-bound ex Jeremy McConnell 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Started a petition General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor has played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer David LaChapelle in Venice The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline themed hat during leisurely stroll with boyfriend Chris Zylka and sister Nicky Purr-fect cap Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her 'Living in a love bubble': New mum Cheryl professes her joy in subtle note... as beau Liam Payne simply states he is 'happy' Broken the silence Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate without legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Protective sibling Basil's back on the BBC! John Cleese to star in his first sitcom for the broadcaster since Fawlty Towers ended in 1979  Return to TV Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more Botox  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unus lacy dress as she attends Louis Vuitton launch in Paris Silk slip Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone LAPD officers called What a ride! Diane Kruger goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she strikes model pose with new Audi sports car Rock chick He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while holidaying with his children in Maui That's definitely NOT a dad bod Nick Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Out in West Hollywood Geordie Shore reunion! Gaz Beadle catches up with former reality co-star Vicky Pattison's ex-boyfriend Dan Conn in Bondi In Australia Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Party girl When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in a very low-cut plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans in Los Angeles  Low key Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it an 'unnecessary fad' Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket as she attends Louis Vuitton event in Paris Chic Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys fun-filled family Easter egg hunt with her husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Treasure hunt Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a stylish display in striped shirt dress as she enjoys sun in Los Angeles ahead of Coachella Off-duty glamour Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer Plays an undercover MI6 Agent Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home... just one year after buying it Loved up with her Scream Queen co-star 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage Family drama  Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus New love Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Looked radiant Hello boys! Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope showcases her incredible physique in powder pink two-piece as she checks into health spa 'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year It was a shockingly clean cut look Binky Felstead shows off her growing baby bump in chic jumper dress as she enjoys lunch with MIC co-stars to celebrate Stephanie Pratt's birthday Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Puppy love Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Singer summoned to the LA City Attorney's office t Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split This certainly isn't a Victoria's Secret ad! Lingerie model Rachel Hilbert goes bra-less as she poses in a sizzling new photoshoot for Maxim What Car Share needs is a pair of jump leads and a lot more spark: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Stuck in first gear PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her bump in floral swimsuit as she enjoys babymoon in Tenerife with beau Greg Lake Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Elegant attire Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster stuns in navy polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii with her young sons Leading man Larry Lamb cuts a dapper figure as he leads the stars at the premiere of his new movie The Hatton Garden Job in London Heaven sent! Zara Holland shows off enviably toned figure as she promotes new swimwear brand by stomping through London in a bikini Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her usual casual attire Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her baby bump in a loose T-shirt and jeans as she steps out with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Family joy David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in Los Angeles  Ripped 'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Shared spotlight Trouble and stripe! Michelle Keegan wears skimpy vest top and cropped jeans as she heads out into the sunshine with husband Mark Wright   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in sun-soaked LA Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Filming continues 'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Baby joy 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and her partner Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Baby joy Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Casual So in sync! Christine Lampard and husband Frank step out for shopping spree in matching ensembles... after she confesses to jealousy over her man Oi oi, saveloy! Danniella Westbrook chows down on a meaty treat after going for a jog in the sunshine... ahead of jetting off to Spain for rehab TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her pert posterior in skinny jeans and a backless top as she steps out after Danielle Armstrong brawl Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice Liam Gallagher cuts a sporty figure as he goes out and about with girlfriend Debbie Gwyther in London Do you know something we don't? Gemma Arterton is the picture of elegance in white silk trousers and semi-sheer blouse as she discusses Hollywood sexism at BUILD Series interview Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes an emergency fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Chowing down 'My job is to protect my boys': Jeff Brazier reveals 'awkward' chat about the HPV virus with son Freddy... and admits the vaccine could have saved Jade Goody 'Perfect shades of pink!' Make-up free Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome 'My greatest fear is becoming fat again': Gary Barlow opens up about his strict diet as reveals he takes home cooked food to work just like the rest of us Helen Skelton and rugby player husband Richie Myler announce the arrival of a second son by posting sweet snap TV presenter gave birth Zara Holland swaps sizzling swimwear for skinny jeans as she steps out in London with her glamorous mum Cheryl following break in Barbados TOWIE's Amber Turner flaunts her toned figure in a skimpy black crop top and leggings as she hits the gym She's been at the centre of several dramas 'They'll never be friends': TOWIE's James Lock reveals girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou and ex Danielle Armstrong haven't spoken since shock brawl 'You only help rich families save money': Viewers blast Susanna Reid's 'budget' cookery show for assisting a couple who spend £205 a week on food Isn't it Spring? Hollyoaks star Nikki Sanderson sports a unseasonably warm bobble hat as she hits the shops in Manchester Feeling the chill? Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Going solo PICTURED: Tori Spelling rocks casual dungarees as she is spotted out and about for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau 'It looks like he has a skin condition!' Holly Hagan undergoes first round of laser surgery to remove traumatic tattoo of ex Kyle Christie's face Make-up free Danielle Lloyd masks her baby bump during day out with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after revealing they explored gender selection for a daughter 'You looked like JLo': Eamonn Holmes grovels to wife Ruth Langsford after declaring Charlotte Hawkins 'the most beautiful bride he's ever seen' My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive and Frankie in New York City Out and about 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with seven-month-old son 'It's not going to happen!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about THAT creepy celebrity guest star Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor winner Matt Cardle's track Amazing  'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps with husband Hank Baskett in Hawaii Family break MTV reality star and friend of Jennifer Lawrence, Clay Adler, dies aged 27 after shooting himself in the head in the desert in front of his friends 'I haven't got any boobs': Trinny Woodall embraces her pert bust after baring all in bizarre video... as fans are left 'shocked' by her appearance Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cosies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Chic 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Hit back at critics Bradley Walsh reveals plans to release more music after he beat Zayn Malik to for biggest-selling debut album in Britain Hey, big seller 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Happy families 'Megan's annoyed I didn't call': TOWIE's Chloe Sims is adamant she owes co-star McKenna nothing over THOSE Pete Wicks rumours Tom Cruise slips into character as he films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel A Laurel laughs! Steve Coogan continues to transform into iconic comedy character whilst donning a navy beret for new biopic in Bristol 'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot 'Your vajayjay won't look the same': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and birth affected her body, from 'bleeding' to 'UFO nipples'  Pregnant Chelsee Healey proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in tight ribbed pink dress as she celebrates 26 weeks milestone Blossoming bump Katie Price defends controversial pictures of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking poses... as she appears with disabled son Harvey to promote anti-bullying 'I remember being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about how she was adopted by her grandparents after birth mother's drug abuse Hop to it! From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel without looking like an Easter egg No time to make lunch, Pippa? Miss Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey Kensington eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Paid tribute to her fiance I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Fans in a frenzy 'This continuity is ridiculous!' EastEnders fans go wild for blunder as they see Michelle Fowler's hair grow INCHES in a matter of minutes 'I don't think the US has changed me': Cat Deeley insists she's still down-to-earth after THAT restaurant rant... but admits she'd only return for huge pay Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys leisurely bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved pet pooch Licorice Sporty Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum dons a very skimpy dress as she enjoys the nightlife on party isle Ibiza with a friend Partying in style Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to the annual music festival  'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Dramatic 'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks ageing in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping Robert Kardashian KNEW OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get back at his recently remarried ex Kris  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Portrays LAPD detective Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The power of Apple: Chipmaker shares hammered over analyst warni - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases The power of Apple: Chipmaker shares hammered over analyst warning Posted: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 12:18 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 12:18 PM EDT By Ivana Kottasova LONDON (CNNMoney) -- It's risky business for any company to rely too heavily on a single customer. British-German tech company Dialog Semiconductor paid the price for doing so on Tuesday, when its shares plummeted after an analyst suggested that Apple might drop the tech firm as a supplier. Shares in the chipmaker lost as much as 25% in Frankfurt, before recovering some ground to close 15% lower. The move occurred after an analyst at German bank Bankhaus Lampe recommended that investors sell their shares in the firm. The bank's analyst, Karsten Iltgen, said that there was "strong evidence" that Apple is developing its own power management chip for use in iPhones. Iltgen said that Apple "intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part." Apple accounted for three quarters of Dialog's sales in 2016, according to the company's most recent annual report. Dialog, however, denied that anything was amiss. It said in a statement that it knows of "no business reason" for the stock movement, adding that it remains comfortable with its prospects for the year. "Relationships are in line with the normal course of business," the statement said. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Losing Apple as a customer can be deadly. British technology firm Imagination Technologies saw its stock drop 72% earlier this month after Apple said it was planning to stop licensing the firm's technology in about two years. Imagination shares have since rebounded, but they remain 60% below where they started the year. Analysts said that Dialog may indeed have less to fear. "We do not see any key motivating reason for Apple to try and build this chip in-house," Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a note to clients. "Dialog's chip has continued to help iPhone outperform high-end Android smartphones on power consumption and battery life," they added. -- Mark Thompson contributed reporting. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Apple Inc. Is Smart to Dump This Supplier Taking things into its own hands could help improve the tech titan's product competitiveness. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 11, 2017 at 12:00PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently forced supplier Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) to disclose to its own investors that the former will no longer need to license technology from the latter. The shift will occur within the next 15 to 24 months. That obviously has some serious implications for Imagination, but it also gives us some insight into Apple's future A-series processors. Indeed, we now know that these chips will soon include Apple-designed graphics processors, rather than customized versions of Imagination Technologies' PowerVR graphics processors. Although this is clearly bad for Imagination, which depends on Apple for its very survival, this is great news for Apple. Here are three reasons why. Image source: Apple. Apple's might applied to graphics Imagination has built great graphics processor technology over the last several years. That technology has allowed Apple and its software partners (for example, game developers) to deliver best-in-class 3D graphics experiences with its iPad and iPhone products. However, while Apple has delivered great graphics processors in its iPhones, it hasn't delivered "world-beating" graphics processors, as it has in processor cores. For example, AnandTech recently ran some performance tests comparing the graphics processor inside of the iPhone 7 Plus' A10 Fusion chip with the one inside of Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) recently released Snapdragon 835 chip. The Snapdragon 835's graphics processor edges out the A10's by almost 9% in the GFXBench T-Rex sub-test, and it wins by almost 10% in the 3D Mark Sling Shot 3.1 Extreme Unlimited graphics sub-test. On the one hand, Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is quite impressive considering that the Snapdragon 835 isn't yet available to buy in any device (though the Galaxy S8/S8+, which feature the Snapdragon 835 in certain regions, are coming soon), while the iPhone 7 Plus has been available since September. On the other hand, Apple's CPU technology -- which is completely in-house -- is at least a generation, if not several generations, ahead of the competition. In Geekbench 4, Apple's A9 chip -- first available in September 2015 -- delivers better per-core CPU performance than Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 (the best available chip on Android). The current A10, which launched six months ago, blows the Snapdragon 835 away in this regard. I suspect that, with its in-house efforts, Apple is aiming for an unequivocal leadership position in graphics technology. Couldn't Apple just use a bigger Imagination processor? The graphics processor inside of the Apple A10 is reportedly a six-core PowerVR Series 7XT (Plus?) design. The obvious question, then, is if Apple just wanted to stuff more graphics performance into its mobile chips, why not just use a larger configuration of Imagination's graphics technology, like what it does with its iPad chips? I suspect that the answer is that Apple thinks that it can develop more power-efficient graphics cores. That is, for a given level of performance, Apple thinks its own designs can consume less power, or for a given level of power consumption, it thinks it can deliver more performance. The more efficient the graphics cores, after all, the more of them Apple could conceivably stuff in its future A-series processors to ultimately boost performance without sacrificing on battery life. Expect decisive leadership, coming to an iPhone near you Imagination says that Apple claims that it will "no longer use [Imagination's] intellectual property in its new products in 15 months' to two years' time." What this suggests, then, is that we could see a custom Apple graphics processor inside of an iPhone as soon as the follow-on to this year's iPhone 7s/7s Plus/8 (which should launch in roughly 17 months) or as late as, perhaps, a spring 2019 iPad refresh. Although I expect Apple to deliver some very impressive graphics performance with this year's A11 chip -- likely leadership performance until, at least, the next Snapdragon chip -- I think Apple has the opportunity to really impress with the A12 chip and beyond. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.35 down $-1.17 (-2.07%) IMAGINATION TECH GRP PLC NASDAQOTH:IGNMF $1.29 down $0.02 (-1.52%) Read More 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Mobile Devices Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in April Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Apple Inc. Is Smart to Dump This Supplier @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $IGNMF
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile News Qualcomm countersues Apple over modem chip performance Qualcomm countersues Apple over modem chip performance Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Rene Millman News 11 Apr, 2017 Counterclaim follows raft of Apple lawsuits relating to patents Qualcomm has countersued Apple, claiming the tech giant deliberately failed to use Qualcomm’s iPhone 7 modem chips to their full potential so they would not perform any better than ones made by Intel. The lawsuit comes after several from Apple served on Qualcomm earlier this year. Qualcomm listed several complaints in a document, including claims that Apple breached agreements and mischaracterised agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm; interfered with Qualcomm’s long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads; encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements.  Qualcomm also alleged that Apple chose not to utilise the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems, and threatened Qualcomm to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones.  “Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90% of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm’s fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies,” said Qualcomm executive VP and general counsel Don Rosenberg.  He added that Apple had “launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm. “We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry.”  Apple had reportedly throttled Qualcomm chips in a bid to keep a uniform experience across the iPhone range.  Qualcomm said it is seeking, among other things, “damages from Apple for reneging on its promises in several agreements and to enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm's agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple”. The Qualcomm lawsuit comes after Apple filed its own lawsuit in January in the US demanding $1 billion from Qualcomm, arguing that it had been overcharged on the use of Qualcomm's patents, with Qualcomm allegedly charging for patents on technologies it had nothing to do with. Apple also filed lawsuits against the firm in the UK and China. See related  Qualcomm and Broadcom in WCDMA patent spat Read more about Mobile iPhone lawsuit Qualcomm Apple Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Mobile Canonical founder lays into “deeply anti-social” Mir-haters News iPhone 8 specs, news and release date: The iPhone 8 'will cost less than $1,000' News Samsung Galaxy Note 7 price, specs, features: Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 photos leaked Rumours Google Pixel 2: Google eyes curved OLED screen for Pixel follow-up News EU mobile roaming charges to be dropped in June News See all Popular Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers How to speed up Windows 10 Operating Systems Microsoft 'to release update to patch Word bug' Security How to move Windows 10 from your old hard drive to SSD Operating Systems Dell Precision 5520 review Laptops Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - Page 10　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Qualcomm says Apple lied to regulators REASONABLE:Qualcomm foundational technology allowed the iPhone to revolutionize the industry, the company’s counsel said, as Apple Inc seeks US billions in compensation Bloomberg Qualcomm Inc accused Apple Inc of lying to regulators to spur investigations of the chipmaker, and threatening it to cover up the use of inferior parts in some iPhones. The world’s largest maker of smartphone semiconductors responded to a January lawsuit from Apple with counterclaims f late on Monday or damages, alleging the iPhone maker breached contractual pledges, mischaracterized their agreements and misrepresented facts. “We were really stunned by some of the things that they included in their suit,” Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said. “This is our attempt to respond to some disturbing elements in their complaint.” At the heart of the worsening standoff is a commercial dispute over how much Qualcomm is entitled to charge smartphone makers to use its patented technology, whether or not they use its chips. The San Diego, California-based company gets the majority of its profit from licensing technology that covers the fundamentals of all modern mobile phone systems. Qualcomm shares are down 12 percent since Apple sued on Jan. 20, wiping more than US$10 billion off the chipmaker’s market value. Apple spokesman Josh Rosenstock declined to comment on the filing, saying the company’s lawsuit explains its position on the matter. “We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts,” Apple said in a Jan. 20 statement. Apple is alone among major handset makers in not paying Qualcomm directly and has instead paid through contract manufacturers in Asia who build the iPhone. It is now meddling in the legal agreements Qualcomm has with those suppliers, including Foxconn Technology Group (富士康科技集團), as it pressures the chipmaker to cut a more favorable deal on licensing fees, Rosenberg said. According to Qualcomm, Apple is behind regulatory investigations of its business practices worldwide. Cupertino, California-based Apple has lobbied with “false and misleading statements to induce regulators to take action against us because it would be in their commercial interests,” Rosenberg said. In December last year, South Korea’s antitrust regulator slapped a record 1.03 trillion won (US$899 million at the current exchange rate) fine on Qualcomm for violating antitrust laws. Then, in January, the US Federal Trade Commission accused it in a lawsuit of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in return for lower licensing fees and unfairly cutting out competitors. It is also facing investigations in Taiwan and Europe. Apple filed its antitrust complaint on Jan. 20 in Qualcomm’s hometown of San Diego, accusing the chipmaker of illegally trying to control the market for chips and improperly withholding more than US$1 billion in “rebates” to punish the iPhone-maker for talking to South Korean regulators. Apple sought to have its case joined with one filed by the US Federal Trade Commission in northern California. The commission has also accused Qualcomm of illegally maintaining a monopoly for semiconductors in mobile phones. Apple’s request was denied on Wednesday. Qualcomm is now trying to have the commission’s case dismissed. In addition to the US$1 billion in withheld fees, Apple is seeking billions more in compensation for what it calls past overcharges, and lower royalties going forward. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 1789 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-05 to 2017-04-12 Most read Most e-mailed 1 British band Coldplay to rock Taiwan next week 「酷玩樂團」下週首度登台 嗨翻八萬粉絲 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Taipei 101 Run Up: NT$200,000 for breaking 2005 record 台北101登高賽 破紀錄可拿二十萬元 5 Tainan’s Barclay Memorial Park: Firefly season begins 巴克禮公園 賞螢季開始囉 MORE  1 Adidas, Carbon to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe 2 Navy plans to build an upgraded version of corvette: source 3 Foundation seeks cash to make wigs amid tonne of hair 4 Air-conditioning to be regulated in theaters 5 Taipei temperatures climb to highest for the year MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple expected to open store in Taipei 101 mall Staff writer, with CNA A Maxim Store employee works on a laptop computer on Friday in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Photo: Bloomberg Apple Inc is to launch its first retail store in Taiwan in the Taipei 101 mall, an industry insider said yesterday, but did not give any information on an opening date. The Apple Store is to be 1,322m2, occupying a ground floor and first basement shop space, the source said. In view of the expected opening, Apple premium reseller Studio A is expected to shutter its shop Taipei 101 mall shop on Monday, Studio A president Cheng Ying-lung (程應龍) said. Cheng said the store has seen a year-on-year decline in business over the past three months, mainly attributed to a drop in visitor numbers from China. Studio A is to work on expanding its membership base and improving its maintenance and repair services to compete with the Apple Store, Cheng said. Apple posted its first job listings for Taiwan in July last year, which were followed by a confirmation of its plans to set up a store in the nation. However, Apple did not say at the time when the store would be opened or where it would be located. This story has been viewed 1930 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-05 to 2017-04-12 Most read Most e-mailed 1 British band Coldplay to rock Taiwan next week 「酷玩樂團」下週首度登台 嗨翻八萬粉絲 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Taipei 101 Run Up: NT$200,000 for breaking 2005 record 台北101登高賽 破紀錄可拿二十萬元 5 Tainan’s Barclay Memorial Park: Firefly season begins 巴克禮公園 賞螢季開始囉 MORE  1 Adidas, Carbon to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe 2 Navy plans to build an upgraded version of corvette: source 3 Foundation seeks cash to make wigs amid tonne of hair 4 Air-conditioning to be regulated in theaters 5 Taipei temperatures climb to highest for the year MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Tesla Passes GM Because It Isn't A Car Company By Rob Enderle April 11, 2017 Tesla was largely modeled after Apple, which fueled the speculation that Apple was going to go into cars.  However, it looks like Apple has backed away from its automotive efforts. That doesn’t mean that its model isn’t working like a champ in the automotive space, though.  Last week, Tesla passed Ford in terms of market valuation, and this week it passed GM (for a time) to become the most valuable car company in the U.S. It has a shot at becoming the most valuable company in the world, given that goal was achieved at one time by Apple using the same model.  Last week I spoke about what Ford will need to do to truly get ahead of this curve; it has a good start with BlackBerry and Argo AI, but needs to go farther with a Skunk Works like project.  This week let’s talk a bit more about what makes Tesla different and recall just how Apple got the jump on initially far more powerful companies like Nokia, Samsung, and took out Palm. What folks often forget is these more powerful players didn’t really take the threat that Apple represented seriously until too late, and I’m still in doubt about whether Ford, GM, or the rest of the auto industry really understands the revolution that Tesla represents yet.   So, let’s chat about what it means to be a Tesla buyer and why the experience is not only different but generally better than with any other car company. With Tesla Your Relationship Is With Tesla I bought a new Mercedes a few months back and it really highlighted the difference for me.  I actually did the European Delivery experience, thinking it might be something like what you get from Tesla.  I was wrong.  The problems I had showcased were founded in the fact that Mercedes really didn’t care about me; I wasn’t their problem, they didn’t communicate with the dealership very well and much of the experience was defined by Mercedes but set up by the dealership.  The end result was arguably both the most expensive and worst vacation I’ve ever had, and Mercedes didn’t even get the car configuration right.  I’m now faced with just sucking it up or hiring an attorney because, apparently, the company’s mistake is my problem.  Clearly this is my last Mercedes.  With Tesla, your relationship is with Tesla; if you have a problem, Tesla is who you contact to fix it.  While there may be communications issues between employees, there is no issue with deciding whose problem it is.  No finger pointing between the dealership and the car maker.  Granted, if you screw up it’ll still be a discussion, but instead of three parties there are two and that makes getting a resolution far easier.  For Service They Come To You If you pay the better part of a hundred grand for anything, the firm should want to make the experience painless.  Yet getting a typical car serviced means having to take time off work to drive the car to a dealership, get a rental car (often these days from a rental car company), and then having to go back again and pick the thing up. Tesla not only comes to you, often it can remotely diagnose and fix the problem.  More important, since it remotely diagnoses the problem, it is ready with the parts to fix it when it takes your car.  When Tesla takes your car, it gives you a newer model of it, and if you like that car, it’ll work out a deal where you can exchange your car for the loaner.  Dealers often don’t get that the loaner could be a test drive for a new car, and I’ve never had one offer to let me exchange my car and cash for the loaner.  Car As A Service Since leasing a Tesla is more the norm than the exception, and Tesla manages you while you have the car, the experience is more like the future where the car is a service rather than a purchase.  The cars are even designed differently so they can be upgraded to newer models rather than replaced.  This not only is good for the environment, but it also means that your typical “get rid of the old car and buy a new one” experience, once in the program, is actually relatively cheap.  Often a full upgrade costs about one-fourth of what a new car would cost.  In effect, you don’t invest in the car, you are investing in the experience of having a Tesla for the rest of your life.   Plus, Tesla gets to know you over time, and that knowledge helps it pick accessories, upgrades, and other things it will offer in the future.   In short, what I don’t think Ford or GM get is that when you “buy” a Tesla, you aren’t really buying a car, you are buying into a relationship. Regardless of Tesla’s growing pains (its Model X kind of sucks), the experience is so much better that, given a choice, you will likely never go back to the old way that Ford and GM currently live on.   Wrapping Up Much like Apple effectively wiped far larger companies off the map when it came up with a very different way to look at Smartphones largely by focusing on the user and the relationship, Tesla is beginning to do the same with cars.  The only thing keeping it from wiping the other car companies off the map is that it is limited by line depth. It only has two types of cars, lacks car charging infrastructure (this is getting better), and has to fight local officials who own car dealerships and are acting to prevent competition.   But this should all change over time, and if the car companies don’t get that Tesla is massively changing the entire car market and making the old models obsolete, they’ll have a lot in common with the old Nokia executives when the executives join their Nokia peers in early retirement.   In the end, Tesla is doing so well because it really isn’t a car company; it is a services company and the car is just the core part of the service.  You know, if it ever figures that out and realizes the same model could work for a lot of other products, a lot of other companies will be screwed.   Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Rob Enderle President and Principal Analyst, Enderle Group Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles Tesla Passes GM Because It Isn't A Car Company By: Rob Enderle    4/11/2017 Let's chat about what it means to be a Tesla buyer and why the experience is not only different but generally better than with any other car company. Read More Closing the Digital Divide By: Special Guest    4/10/2017 There is a stark digital divide across the United States. Those without access to fast Internet services are at a disadvantage, unable to benefit from… Read More Six Ways Video Tech Will Change in the Next Decade By: Anna Johansson    4/7/2017 Video remains one of the most popular mediums for content consumption in the world, but like all technologies, video tech is undergoing constant forms… Read More Google Announces Android O with Impressive Battery Life By: Larry Alton    4/7/2017 If there's one thing that smartphone users always complain about, it's the battery life of their phones. Google thinks it may have found the solution … Read More Keeping Your Business Information Safe By: Lindsey Patterson    4/7/2017 By understanding the digital threat landscape and implementing security best practices, business managers can drastically reduce the risk of a serious… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT Why Women Should Pursue Careers in Data Privacy CoreDial to Channel Partners: Get Your Unfair Share Six Ways Video Tech Will Change in the Next Decade Blackberry and Argo AI: Will They Be Enough to Keep Tesla from Displacing Ford? FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: Tesla Passes GM Because It Isn't A Car Company Doug Mohney Latest Article: CoreDial to Channel Partners: Get Your Unfair Share Steve Anderson Latest Article: Skype Users Be Warned: Ransomware Afoot Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS The Zadara Storage Cloud - A Validation of its Use Cases and Economic Benefits DOWNLOAD NOW Solving Enterprise IT Challenges with Storage-as-a-Service DOWNLOAD NOW The Zadara Storage Cloud DOWNLOAD NOW Zadara Storage for Managed Service Providers DOWNLOAD NOW Netrepid Case Study - Netrepid eliminates CapEx agility challenges, while reducing cost and improving peformance DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES Tesla Passes GM Because It Isn't A Car Company Closing the Digital Divide Six Ways Video Tech Will Change in the Next Decade Google Announces Android O with Impressive Battery Life Keeping Your Business Information Safe Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Windows Browsers Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Nancy Messieh 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Sherwin Coelho Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Get Any Party Started Using Spotify Entertainment How to Get Any Party Started Using Spotify Kayla Matthews April 11, 2017 11-04-2017 6 minutes How to Get Any Party Started Using Spotify Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email While being a guest at someone else’s party certainly has its perks (here’s looking at you, sink full of dishes), there’s something fun about playing host every once in a while. Whether you’re hosting a calm hangout session with some of your closest friends or organizing a crazy all-nighter with whoever the hell shows up, you can set the perfect mood for the evening with a little help from Spotify. Spotify Spotify vs. Apple Music vs. Amazon Music Unlimited: Which Is Best? Spotify vs. Apple Music vs. Amazon Music Unlimited: Which Is Best? With the introduction of Amazon Music Unlimited, this is a great time to subscribe to a music streaming services. In this article, we'll examine how Amazon's service compares to Spotify and Apple Music. Read More is, of course, just one of a handful of streaming music services available, but is the go-to for many. Here are seven ways you can make Spotify the life of any party, so you can spend less time worrying 13 iPhone Apps to Plan and Host an Awesome Party 13 iPhone Apps to Plan and Host an Awesome Party If you're hosting a party, you'll want to get things just right. Fortunately there are some geat apps designed to help everything go smoothly. Read More about making guests feel comfortable and spend more time having fun. Use Shazam to Add New Songs You should probably organize your music for a get-together well in advance of the event. But if you haven’t begun, don’t worry — there’s an easy way to add the hottest songs everyone will be listening to during the coming months. You’re most likely already familiar with the Shazam app, which identifies any music playing around you with just the tap of your smartphone’s screen. You can now connect your Spotify account to Shazam, allowing you to easily listen to and save songs in Spotify that you’ve identified using Shazam. In other words, if you’re playing catch-up on adding the newest songs to your Spotify collection, use Shazam to identify new songs What's That Song? Shazam Finally Hits The Mac App Store What's That Song? Shazam Finally Hits The Mac App Store Music identification app Shazam has finally made its way to the Mac, allowing you to easily identify the music playing around you without reaching your your phone. Read More you hear on the radio or while you’re out shopping. Each song will be saved to Shazam like normal, and later you can easily add them to Spotify with a few finger taps. While the app is free to download, the free version does contain ads. If you don’t want those ads breaking up your party, you can pay $6.99 for an ad-free version instead. Download Shazam — iOS (Free) | Android (Free) Automatically Add YouTube Likes to Spotify Shazam is one good way to find and add new songs to your Spotify collection, and YouTube is another. These days, just about every new and hot song makes its way to YouTube early, so it’s a good place to find the best tracks for your next soiree. It’s not that taxing to manually search Spotify for a song you hear and like on YouTube. That said, there’s a much easier way. Set up an If This Then That recipe 10 Self-Improvement Spells You Can Cast With IFTTT 10 Self-Improvement Spells You Can Cast With IFTTT Re-frame your thinking about self-improvement by casting some automated magic spells with IFTTT. These 10 IFTTT recipes can help you reach your goals or change a habit. Read More using the IFTTT service for both YouTube and Spotify. With this recipe, when you like a video on YouTube, Spotify will automatically search for the song and add it to a playlist titled “YouTube Likes.” You probably already know, but just a heads up: not every song you come across on YouTube will be available on Spotify. Turn on the IFTTT app here Broadcast Music Across the Party Area Image Credit: Unsplash If you aren’t fortunate enough to have a speaker system set up outdoors or built into your house (I’m not), you can improvise with an Amazon Echo or Google Home smart speaker Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor In this article, you'll learn the differences between the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We'll also take a look at what features an Apple speaker may include. Read More . Both cost significantly less than getting a speaker system installed, but can still provide relatively loud music for your party guests to listen to. If you aren’t sure how well they’ll sound through the party area, run a simple test using different kinds of music. Record Head has a list of songs to use just for this purpose, and you can find similar playlists on Spotify, too. Basically, you just need to make sure that most kinds of music will be easy for your party guests to hear. Consider buying — Amazon Echo Dot ($49) | Google Home ($129) Learn Spotify’s Keyboard Shortcuts As the host of the party, you’re likely to be bouncing from one task to another throughout, whether serving drinks, making appetizers, networking, etc. This means it’s rather handy to learn all of the keyboard shortcuts Spotify has to offer. This can help you perform various functions on the fly without taking up too much time. For example, Ctrl + Right on PCs and Ctrl + Cmd + Right on Macs plays the next track, while subbing in the Left key will skip back to the previous track. And here’s a good one to remember for when your party gets going: hold Ctrl + Shift + Up (Cmd + Shift + Up on Macs) to turn Spotify up to maximum volume. Just set your laptop up in the party area and you’ll be good to go. Take Requests From Guests Image Credit: Unsplash You no doubt put in plenty of time curating the perfect playlist How to Get Fresh Playlists & Discover New Music Every Day How to Get Fresh Playlists & Discover New Music Every Day If you're stuck in a music rut and want something totally new, here's a simple way to get a fresh playlist every day. Read More for your party, so how dare a guest ask you to play something else? It will happen — it’s a party, after all — and some guests might want to hear a song you may not have included on your list. Luckily, there’s an easy way to play new songs without dumping your playlist altogether. Simply go to the requested song on Spotify, bring up the three-dot options window and select Add to Queue. This will insert the song, play it next and then jump back into your playlist. Share Your Songs and Playlists Since you went to great lengths to put together your party list, it will only be a matter of time before guests start asking you to share. Luckily, there are easy ways to do that on Spotify. The easiest way to share music with friends (or anyone, really) is to make your playlists public. That way, users can easily browse the list at their leisure. You can share all sorts of other things as well using links, including playlists, artists, individual songs, entire albums, or even user profiles. Not only will this keep the party jumping at your place, but you can also keep the party going well into the future by sharing the tracks you and your friends enjoyed together. Get Super Organized With Playlist Folders Just about anyone who uses Spotify has created playlists of their favorite songs. It might be hot songs of the moment, the songs that remind them of 2009, or the songs they want to listen to while they’re at the gym. But serious Spotify users know simple playlists are for amateurs. Playlist folders are where it’s at. Playlist folders 4 Ways You're Using Spotify Wrong Without Even Knowing It 4 Ways You're Using Spotify Wrong Without Even Knowing It Lots of people use Spotify. But are you using it efficiently? Find out 4 common errors Spotify users make. Read More are exactly what they sound like. They’re folders you can use to group playlists together, making your entire music collection much more organized. You can create folders on Spotify’s desktop app by going to File > New Playlist Folder. Those folders will show up later on your mobile devices as well. Why do you need folders? It’s simply a deeper way to organize your songs and playlists. Imagine you have a playlist of songs from each year this decade — 2010, 2011, 2012, and so on. You can group all of those playlists into a decades-wide folder called “2010s.” It makes browsing and listening to your music much easier. How Do You Entertain Party Guests With Spotify? Image Credit: Unsplash One of the great things about Spotify is its sheer simplicity. You can create a great soundtrack to your party by simply loading up the app, hitting Play and letting Spotify do its thing. However, those who enjoy hosting can really personalize the listening experience, too. What ways have you used Spotify to entertain party guests? What music will your play for your friends the next time you host a party? Please tell us in the comments below. Previous Post10 Podcasts Every Photography Enthusiast Needs to Hear 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Kayla Matthews 102 articles Kayla Matthews is a MakeUseOf Self-Improvement and Tech Explained writer. Check out her website to read more of her latest posts. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Windows Browsers Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free… 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules DIY 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules 5 Linux Operating Systems That Offer Bleeding Edge Updates Linux 5 Linux Operating Systems That Offer Bleeding Edge Updates Advertisement Related Articles 6 Reasons Why You Should Try Pandora Premium Entertainment 6 Reasons Why You Should Try Pandora Premium 5 Myths About Spotify You Probably Believe… Busted Entertainment 5 Myths About Spotify You Probably Believe… Busted How to Create the Perfect Artwork for Your Spotify Playlists Creative Entertainment How to Create the Perfect Artwork for Your Spotify Playlists Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Report: Apple to axe another supplier, build its own power chips Listen | Print By James Walker     14 hours ago in Technology Apple is said to have created a team of 80 engineers who are working to improve the iPhone's battery life by building a new dedicated power delivery chip. The part is expected to be ready next year and will replace existing modules sourced from the UK. The unconfirmed news was revealed in a research note from a Bankhaus Lampe analyst, passed to Bloomberg today. Apple will allegedly cut its ties with Dialog Semiconductor as it forges its own path for future iPhone power management chips, creating its own design in a bid to maximise the efficiency of future handsets. While unofficial, the report has sent shares in Dialog Semiconductor plummeting. It follows Apple's decision to build its own iPhone graphics processors in a decision which has crippled another UK company, Imagination Technologies. Investors in Dialog were quick to recall Imagination's press release from just last week, sending shares crashing down 36 percent today. It's the company's biggest fall in 16 years. Dialog is reliant on Apple's custom as almost 75 percent of its sales are to the Californian tech company. Apple is said to be developing the new chip in its research facilities in California and Munich. The Power Management Integrated Circuit (PMIC) will be used to improve the power delivery, transfer and efficiency of iPhone models from 2019 onwards. Development is likely to be heading towards completion late next year. The team working on the project currently numbers around 80. Many team members are said to have been drafted in from Dialog over the past year, although the companies have previously transferred staff members due to their close collaboration. The reports appear to echo the news from Imagination though, creating a similar pattern. Apple hired several Imagination employees before news broke of the company's plans to sever ties with the firm. Coupled with Apple's now public plans to build its own GPUs, today's reports of power management chips also moving in house are credible. Apple is trying to reduce its external dependencies, minimising its reliance on suppliers by bringing the design of key components home to its research facilities. It's thought the overarching aim is to create more competitive products using unique silicon that won't be found in rival products. Since battery life and durability remain common complaints with the iPhone, it makes commercial sense for Apple to attempt improvements in this area. The company risks regressions in performance during the first few iterations of its product while its team acquires experience. However, Apple is no stranger to custom silicon as it has designed its own A-series iPhone and iPad processors for many generations. There are still some analysts who are optimistic about Dialog's future, even as its biggest customer seems ready to pull away. A research note issued by Barclays today notes that Apple's 80-strong team pales in comparison with the 1,300 staff working at Dialog. As with Imagination, Dialog also holds intellectual property rights that Apple may be unable to avoid infringing on, forcing it into royalty arrangements even if it does build its own chips. More about Apple, Dialog Semiconductor, iPhone, Smartphones, Mobile   Apple Dialog Semiconductor iPhone Smartphones Mobile Latest News Top News FBI investigated Trump campaign advisor's Russia links: report Iran warns US action in Syria 'won't go unanswered' Nigeria sees 'massive spike' in death sentences: Amnesty Country singer Todd O'Neill talks new single 'Love Again' Special Dortmund bus blast: what we know Lives half-lived: The hidden cost of Kashmir conflict United finally apologizes as image takes beating Islamic State attacks UK special forces base in Syria 'Florida Burning' Governor Scott declares state of emergency Turkey set for watershed poll on expanding Erdogan powers Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / The power of Apple: Chipmaker shares hammered over analyst warning The power of Apple: Chipmaker shares hammered over analyst warning Posted on Tuesday, April 11, 2017 by CNN in Business News It’s risky business for any company to rely too heavily on a single customer. British-German tech company Dialog Semiconductor paid the price for doing so on Tuesday, when its shares plummeted after an analyst suggested that Apple might drop the tech firm as a supplier. Shares in the chipmaker lost as much as 25% in Frankfurt, before recovering some ground to close 15% lower. The move occurred after an analyst at German bank Bankhaus Lampe recommended that investors sell their shares in the firm. The bank’s analyst, Karsten Iltgen, said that there was “strong evidence” that Apple is developing its own power management chip for use in iPhones. Iltgen said that Apple “intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part.” Apple accounted for three quarters of Dialog’s sales in 2016, according to the company’s most recent annual report. Dialog, however, denied that anything was amiss. It said in a statement that it knows of “no business reason” for the stock movement, adding that it remains comfortable with its prospects for the year. “Relationships are in line with the normal course of business,” the statement said. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Losing Apple as a customer can be deadly. British technology firm Imagination Technologies saw its stock drop 72% earlier this month after Apple said it was planning to stop licensing the firm’s technology in about two years. Imagination shares have since rebounded, but they remain 60% below where they started the year. Analysts said that Dialog may indeed have less to fear. “We do not see any key motivating reason for Apple to try and build this chip in-house,” Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a note to clients. “Dialog’s chip has continued to help iPhone outperform high-end Android smartphones on power consumption and battery life,” they added. — Mark Thompson contributed reporting. A Formula 1 team is 3D printing race car parts United loses $1 billion in market value after man dragged off flight Related Posts Sotheby’s rakes in $377 million on Day 1 of Taubman art auction Seismic Testing Webinar Planned for Jan. 19 Why is Comcast talking to Buzzfeed? Will Bitcoin ever rebound? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Samsung beats Apple in global smartphone sales in Q1 even before Galaxy S8 hits stores: Report With the release of the Galaxy S8, Samsung is expected to widen gap with Apple, which is not likely to launch its new flagship smartphone until the third quarter of 2017. Kukil Bora   April 11, 2017 21:39 IST A Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphone is pictured at the introduction of the Galaxy S8 and S8 smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City, United States March 29, 2017.REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Samsung has already defeated its arch rival Apple in global smartphone sales in the first quarter of this year while the company's new flagship Galaxy S8 is still more than a week away from release. Both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available starting on April 21. According to the latest data released by Trendforce, strong sales of Samsung's low-cost handsets like the Galaxy J series helped the company become the only brand posting production volume growth during the three-month period, ending March 31. While the mid-range and low-end handsets drove Samsung's overall smartphone production volume, sales numbers of its high-end smartphones failed to deliver in Q1 as the company continues to struggle to win back consumers' trust after the Galaxy Note 7 crisis. Even the latest Galaxy S8 is also unlikely to bring Samsung's high-end smartphone business back on track as consumers are holding off their purchases in the anticipation of Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone model, dubbed the iPhone 8. "Samsung has also released its flagship device for the year Galaxy S8 this second quarter. However, the high-end model is expected to make limited sales contribution because the buzz surrounding the next-generation iPhone devices is dampening demand for products from non-Apple vendors," the Trendforce report said. Although Samsung is expected to post flat growth for its smartphone production volume in the second-quarter, the new Galaxy S8 models and the J series are likely to the company's overall shipments stable. When it comes to Apple, its market share dropped significantly to 16.9 percent in Q1 2017 from 20.3 percent in the Q4 2016. However, the newly-released "PRODUCT Red" edition of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus helped reduce the decline. The worldwide smartphone production volume for the first quarter of 2017 stood at 307 million units.Trendforce The report also estimated that the total production volume of all iPhone devices would drop 17 percent to around 43 million units in the second quarter. But it would be Apple's calculated move as it prepares for the launch of the next-generation iPhone in the third quarter. Meanwhile, the worldwide smartphone production volume for the first quarter of 2017 stood at 307 million units, accounting for a 23 percent drop from the preceding quarter. Although major vendors like Samsung, LG and Huawei have already been shipping their flagship phones for the year, overall smartphone sales will still be dull until the second half of this year, the report added. Related Can Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro beat OnePlus 3T and Moto Z Play in the mid-range smartphone showdown? Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) release date, features, price and more Top five features of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro you should know before buying one Also read Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED series set to hit Indian stores this weekend Apple iPhone X tipped to cost less than $1,000 thanks to Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Post Comment IBT TV Close Maths professor pulls incredible April Fool's prank on his class Why advertise with us? Latest News Sony Xperia XA1 with 23MP camera debuts in India 2 hours ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular This is what Reliance Jio has done to Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, BSNL Reliance Jio's free unlimited call and data offer has forced Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL to reconsider its tariff. Xiaomi Mi 6, Mi 6 Plus price revealed ahead of launch Xiaomi Mi 6 and Mi 6 Plus are expected to come in several storage+RAM configurations, with prices starting at ¥2,199 (roughly $318/€300/Rs.20,607). Xiaomi Redmi Note 4-rival by Micromax could win your hearts An affordable Evok Power will be launched alongside Evok NOTE. OnePlus 5 release date and specs: What to expect from OnePlus 3-sucessor OnePlus 5 is poised to challenge major flagship smartphones in 2017. Reasons why Xiaomi Mi 6 should survive competition Xiaomi Mi 6 will be up against iPhone 7, iPhone 8, Google Pixel XL and Galaxy S8 but its specs and pricing will ensure its success. Sony Xperia XA1 with 23MP camera debuts in India Sony's new mid-tier camera-centric phone Xperia XA1 comes in vibrant colour options such as gold, black, white and pink for less than Rs. 20,000. BSNL gives 10GB data per day for just Rs. 249 a month; throws in free night calling to entice customers As the cheaper data war intensifies, BSNL has stepped up with a new broadband plan that is worth checking out. Can Snapdeal save Flipkart from being trampled by Amazon juggernaut? Although Snapdeal has so far denied all rumours of a sale, a letter from its co-founders to the company's employees reads more like a confirmation of an imminent sale. Photo Gallery Nargis Fakhri launches her own mobile app Nargis Fakhri, launched her new mobile app in collaboration with New York-based tech firm EscapeX. The new app will enable fans to access Nargis’s social handles (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram), exclusive content and directly interact with her through the in-app social feed. Hottest pictures of Dwayne Johnson "The Rock" Hottest pictures of Dwayne Johnson "The Rock". India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/apples-macbook-trouble-is-a-cautionary-tale-1491923313 Hot Stocks Apple’s MacBook Trouble is a Cautionary Tale The MacBook no longer holds the top spot in Laptop Mag’s annual ranking. In the magazine’s new ranking, MacBooks fall all the way to fifth place. By Emily Bary April 11, 2017 11:08 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large The latest MacBook pros only have USB-C ports, meaning users have to buy lots of dongles. Illustration: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Apple might want to pay attention to how its products have performed in some recent rankings -- especially ahead of its next iPhone launch. Just a few days after Microsoft’s Surface beat out the iPad in J.D. Power’s tablet customer satisfaction survey, Apple’s MacBook line tied for fifth place in Laptop Mag’s annual rankings of laptop brands. Get the best of Barron's Next every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Next newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. The Macbook had occupied the top spot since Laptop Mag started its rankings in 2010. The publication blamed Apple’s “modest review scores, expensive products and lack of ports” for the big drop. This isn’t the first bit of ratings trouble for the latest MacBook Pro. Consumer Reports initially pulled its recommendation for the new laptop, pushing Apple to make a software tweak related to battery life. Consumer Reports restored its recommendation soon after. Consumers have been relatively patient with Apple in the past as it forced them to buy brand new accessories after the company changed ports, all for the sake of innovation. Apple loyalists begrudgingly bought Lightning cords, then Lightning headphone adapters, and seemed willing to put up with these extra costs on top of already expensive products in order to have the best Apple experience. The latest MacBook Pros only have USB-C ports, which means dongles and more dongles. The change also means older MacBook power adapters can’t be used for the new computers. Apple isn’t exactly going out of its way to smooth the transition -- in a rather galling example of forced accessory buying, an extra power adapter for the 13” MacBook Pro costs $69. And that only gets you the “brick.” A USB-C charging cable will set you back another $19. It’s rumored that the upcoming iPhone 8 might switch to a USB-C port or a “Smart Connector” that would enable wireless charging and connected VR accessories. While wireless charging sounds good, it would probably mean even more accessories to buy (for a phone that could cost upwards of $1,000). Innovation is great, but Apple has competition on that front. As the company prices out the next generation of iPhones -- and its accessories -- Apple would be wise to see the latest MacBook rankings as a cautionary tale. Big Picture: Apple’s MacBooks tumbled in Laptop Mag’s new ranking, due to “modest review scores, expensive products and a lack of ports.” More from Barron’s Next Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Apple Makes an Uncharacteristic Move An Apple Analyst Goes Searching for the Next Big Thing Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Apple’s MacBook Trouble is a Cautionary Tale Facebook Takes Direct Aim At Snap Beer Sales Are a Scary Sign for Monster Is the Worst Over for GoPro? Not Even Close Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Might Design Its Own Power Management Chip By Adnan Farooqui on 04/11/2017 09:01 PDT Apple has already decided that it’s going to design its graphics chips on its own and the company might take a similar step for its power management chip. A new report published today claims that Apple is creating a new team that will be tasked with designing the company’s very own battery management chip for mobile devices like the iPhone. There would be an obvious advantage for the company if it does decide to do this. Not only will it provide Apple with more control over the iPhone’s internals, which is something that it particularly enjoys, but it may also allow the handset to be just a bit better than its Android-powered rivals as far as battery life is concerned. German supplier Dialog Semiconductor currently supplies Apple with power management chips. The company says that it has already designed the power management chips for the 2017 and 2018 iPhones so there might not be an immediate change. However, things might change in 2018 when it decides to move power management chip design in-house as well. Apple is believed to be poaching engineers from Dialog for its own team that’s going to be based in Germany as well. As always, Apple has not commented on this report, since the company has a policy of not giving out comments on supply chain news. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2017-04-11 Survey: Majority Of Teens Expect Their Next Phone To Be An iPhone 2017-04-10 Qualcomm Files A Countersuit Against Apple 2017-04-09 iPhone 8 Rumored To Sport Smart Connector 2017-04-07 Crude Sketch Shows What iPhone 8 Will Allegedly Look Like 2017-04-06 Australian Consumer Regulator Sues Apple Over iPhone ‘Error 53' Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and... Mac Pro, iMac Pro, a “sorry” Apple, and other top stories of... The best VPNs for iPhone, iPad, and Mac What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more...   skip to main content skip to main menu     iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm countersues Apple By Christian Zibreg, Apr 11, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm is countersuing Apple in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, saying the Cupertino company could not have “built the incredible iPhone franchise” without its fundamental cellular technologies. The chip maker accused Apple of contributing “virtually nothing” to the development of core cellular technologies. Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s executive vice president and general counsel, accused Apple of launching “a global attack” on Qualcomm. The Cupertino company, he continued, is attempting to use its “enormous market power” to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm, which has promised to “vigorously defend” its business model. Here’s his statement in full: Over the last ten years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services. But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm’s fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. […] Apple is the world’s most profitable seller of cellular devices. But as a late-comer to the cellular industry, Apple contributed virtually nothing to the development of core cellular technology. Instead, Apple’s products rely heavily on the cellular inventions of Qualcomm and others. Apple’s iPhones and other products enjoy enormous commercial success, but without lightning-fast cellular connectivity—enabled in large part by Qualcomm’s inventions—Apple’s iPhones would lose much of their consumer appeal. Qualcomm is seeking compensatory and punitive damages from Apple while at the same time insisting that it doesn’t owe Apple a dime. They’re accusing Apple of, among other things: Refusing to negotiate a royalty license for Qualcomm’s 3G and 4G wireless standard essential patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms Breaching Qualcomm’s license agreements Making false statements Encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s interests Deliberately throttling the performance of its LTE modem in iPhone 7/Plus Qualcomm is indeed being probed by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over basically bribing Apple and other smartphone vendors to use its baseband modem chips. The iPhone maker denied any wrongdoing. Chart via Bloomberg It is true that Apple and Qualcomm have not been able to agree on what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty. Furthermore, Apple does dual-source cellular baseband modems for the iPhone 7 series from Intel and Qualcomm. Qualcomm was the exclusive supplier of 3G and LTE modems for iPhones until 2016. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube Tests have shown that Intel’s modem in some iPhone 7 devices is slower than Qualcomm’s LTE chip although Apple later said there was no discernible difference in download speeds between the two chips. Three months ago, Apple filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm for $1 billion in alleged unpaid royalty rebates which Qualcomm allegedly withheld as retaliation because the iPhone maker dared cooperate with the Korea Fair Trade Commission in a legal investigation involving Qualcomm’s patent practices. Source: Qualcomm Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple sues Qualcomm over withholding $1B as ransom in Korean legal investigation Qualcomm denies FTC’s claims it bribed Apple into using its modem chips Qualcomm under fire from FTC over allegedly forcing Apple to use its baseband modem chips iPhone chips infringe University of Wisconsin’s tech, Apple faces $862M in damages Related Topics Apple, Chips, iPhone, Lawsuit, Legal, Qualcomm, Semiconductors Siri Tim Cook Holness Tbh the difference in the test is just the difference between at&t and verizon like seriously AT&T suck JohnS I find it amusing that Qualcomm basically implies that the reason iPhone is successful is due to how fast their chips are and if it wasn’t for them iPhone would not be nearly as popular. But then in the same paper accuse Apple of throttling their speeds down. So apparently Apple is successful because they are making Qualcomm’s chips slower and only using them in half their phones? Makes sense to me!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Don’t miss out on this deal: two years of Private Internet Access VPN at 63% off Check out these awesome minimalist clock screen savers for Mac Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and more Facebook unveils group payments via Messenger for desktop Second betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 now available to public beta testers   The latest jailbreak news iPhone 3GS untethered bootrom exploit released NoMoreStories removes the Stories feature from the Facebook app Hide the waveform and activity bar when using voice memos with discreetVoiceMemos iDeviceReRestore launches: restore 32-bit devices to any iOS 9.X firmware version Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Confero 2, SpecialFaces, Springtomize 4, & more… iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
printed April 12, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18980 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Qualcomm Countersuit Says Apple Hobbled Its Chips Article Comments   Yesterday, 7:08 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Yesterday, 10:55 AM Updated: removed reference to Intel Qualcomm filed a retaliatory lawsuit against Apple and accused the iPhone maker of bad behavior. The filing is in response to one Apple made against Qualcomm earlier this year. It that argument, Apple accused Qualcomm of abusing its market position to unfairly charge for chips and licenses. Qualcomm's response points out five major grievances with Apple, suggesting the company has not negotiated in good faith to license Qualcomm's patents. Specifically, Qualcomm says Apple "chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm’s modem chips in its iPhone 7 [and] misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems." Qualcomm also accused Apple of breaching and mischaracterizing agreements with Qualcomm, interfering with Qualcomm's licensees, encouraging regulatory attack around the world, and threatening Qualcomm to go public over disparities in chip performance. Qualcomm is seeking damages from Apple for "reneging on its promises in several agreements" and it wants Apple to cease interfering with Qualcomm's partners. Qualcomm has come under fire from several governments, including that of the U.S., that allege Qualcomm uses predatory and unfair licensing practices. more info at Qualcomm » Related Apple Releases iOS 10.3.1 to Fix Bugs Apple to Create Its Own GPU for the iPhone T-Mobile Adds Free AppleCare to Its Device Insurance Plan more Apple iPhone 7 news Apple iPhone 7 specs & features Apple iPhone 7 user reviews 5 Best Unlocked Smartphones Review: RhinoShield Playproof and Crashguard iOS 10.3 Beta 1 Adds 'Find My AirPods' Tool more Apple iPhone 7 Plus news Apple iPhone 7 Plus specs & features Apple iPhone 7 Plus user reviews Apple news   Apple phones iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products 32/64-bit PC133 SDRAM Controller MIPI DPHY v1.2 RX 2 Lanes, 4 Lanes - TSMC 16FFPGL, FFPLL, FFC 1.8V, North/South Poly Orientation ARC SEM110 Security Processor for Low Power Embedded Applications AEON MTP LP NVM SMIC 180 LL News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Over 100,000 Wafers Embedded with eMemory's NeoEE IP Shipped Wednesday Apr. 12, 2017 Qualcomm Files Answer and Counterclaims to Apple Lawsuit Tuesday Apr. 11, 2017 Socionext Develops Small, Low Power 4K/60p HEVC Codec Tuesday Apr. 11, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Introducing ARM Cortex-M23 and Cortex-M33 Processors with TrustZone for ARMv8-M Monday Apr. 10, 2017 Easing the Development of Functionally Safe Controllers Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Verification Planner in QuestaSim Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs RISC-V's Impact on Processor IP Licensing Fees Codasip Blog - Dan Ganousis, Codasip, LTD 14nm 16nm 10nm and 7nm - What we know now SemiWiki - Scotten Jones Where does big.LITTLE fit in the world of DynamIQ? ARM Blogs - Govind Wathan, ARM Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Qualcomm Returns Fire in Apple Suit Chip vendor turns up heat in patent battle Rick Merritt, EETimes 4/11/2017 03:20 AM EDT SAN JOSE, Calif. – Apple refused to pay cellular chip royalties, pressured its contract manufacturers not to pay them, instigated regulatory investigations and throttled performance of an LTE modem chip, according to Qualcomm. The charges are contained in a 134-page court document the chip vendor filed in response to Apple’s $1 billion suit filed in January. Apple alleged Qualcomm charges exorbitant patent royalties and paid the iPhone maker not to talk to regulators. The document provides a rare look into the sometimes combative relationship and complex web of agreements between the two mobile giants. It also sheds light on the murky area of patent royalties. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Apple Finds Home At Former Q'comm Display Lab Qualcomm Leads 32/64-bit Core Silicon Vendor Share Ranking in 2014, Ahead of Apple & MediaTek, says Semicast Report: TSMC rebuffs Apple, Qualcomm Apple claims Motorola misusing Qualcomm license TSMC returns fire over 28-nm process issues   Breaking News Over 100,000 Wafers Embedded with eMemory's NeoEE IP Shipped Cadence Launches the Pegasus Verification System, a Massively Parallel Physical Signoff Solution Qualcomm Files Answer and Counterclaims to Apple Lawsuit Socionext Develops Small, Low Power 4K/60p HEVC Codec Foundries Need Clear Benchmarks   See Latest News >> Most Popular Eta Compute Debuts with World's Lowest Power Microcontroller IP Targeting Energy Harvesting Segment ISPD Predicts Chip Futures Open-Silicon to Showcase IoT ASIC Platform and IoT Gateway SoC Platform along with Comprehensive HBM2 IP Sub-System Solution at The IoT DevCon Santa Clara on April 26-27, 2017 How Apple will dodge an Imagination lawsuit ArterisIP Advances Machine Learning SoC Design with Ncore 2.0 Cache Coherent Interconnect and Resilience Package   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Scaler function for mobile application 16-24Bit 100dB Voice/Audio CODEC in SMIC 40nm LL LPDDR4 multiPHY - TSMC 16FF+GL18 OTP/eMTP: 128bit - 256Kbit NVM in 153nm Standard Logic CMOS process News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Over 100,000 Wafers Embedded with eMemory's NeoEE IP Shipped Wednesday Apr. 12, 2017 Qualcomm Files Answer and Counterclaims to Apple Lawsuit Tuesday Apr. 11, 2017 Socionext Develops Small, Low Power 4K/60p HEVC Codec Tuesday Apr. 11, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Introducing ARM Cortex-M23 and Cortex-M33 Processors with TrustZone for ARMv8-M Monday Apr. 10, 2017 Easing the Development of Functionally Safe Controllers Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Verification Planner in QuestaSim Monday Apr. 03, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs RISC-V's Impact on Processor IP Licensing Fees Codasip Blog - Dan Ganousis, Codasip, LTD 14nm 16nm 10nm and 7nm - What we know now SemiWiki - Scotten Jones Where does big.LITTLE fit in the world of DynamIQ? ARM Blogs - Govind Wathan, ARM Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Qualcomm Files Answer and Counterclaims to Apple Lawsuit Highlights Apple's efforts to devalue the fundamental Qualcomm technologies empowering the iPhone SAN DIEGO, April 11, 2017 -- Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today filed its Answer and Counterclaims to the January lawsuit brought by Apple against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Qualcomm's filing details the value of the technologies Qualcomm has invented, contributed and shared with the industry through its licensing program, as well as Apple's failure to engage in good faith negotiations for a license to Qualcomm's 3G and 4G standard essential patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The filing also outlines how Apple: Breached agreements and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm; Interfered with Qualcomm's long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple; Encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements; Chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm's modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems; and Threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones. Qualcomm seeks, among other things, damages from Apple for reneging on its promises in several agreements and to enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm's agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple. "Qualcomm is the world leader in inventing and developing fundamental, ground-breaking mobile technologies that enable the worldwide mobile ecosystem. Today, Qualcomm's patented technologies remain the primary value driver for mobile devices," said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. "The value of our inventions has been proven through hundreds of license agreements, negotiated and renegotiated over almost three decades, with virtually every significant handset maker in history, including the companies in Asia that have manufactured Apple iPhones and iPads. Over the last ten years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services. But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. It has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm. We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry." View Qualcomm's Redacted Answer and Counterclaims here. About Qualcomm Qualcomm's technologies powered the smartphone revolution and connected billions of people. We pioneered 3G and 4G – and now we are leading the way to 5G and a new era of intelligent, connected devices. Our products are revolutionizing industries, including automotive, computing, IoT, healthcare and data center, and are allowing millions of devices to connect with each other in ways never before imagined. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, our QCT semiconductor business. For more information, visit Qualcomm's website.     Contact QUALCOMM Fill out this form for contacting a QUALCOMM representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Qualcomm Returns Fire in Apple Suit How Apple will dodge an Imagination lawsuit Qualcomm Files Patent Infringement Complaints against Meizu in China Apple Finds Home At Former Q'comm Display Lab Apple loses patent lawsuit to University of Wisconsin, faces hefty damages   See QUALCOMM Latest News >> Breaking News Over 100,000 Wafers Embedded with eMemory's NeoEE IP Shipped Cadence Launches the Pegasus Verification System, a Massively Parallel Physical Signoff Solution Qualcomm Files Answer and Counterclaims to Apple Lawsuit Socionext Develops Small, Low Power 4K/60p HEVC Codec Foundries Need Clear Benchmarks   See Latest News >> Most Popular Eta Compute Debuts with World's Lowest Power Microcontroller IP Targeting Energy Harvesting Segment ISPD Predicts Chip Futures Open-Silicon to Showcase IoT ASIC Platform and IoT Gateway SoC Platform along with Comprehensive HBM2 IP Sub-System Solution at The IoT DevCon Santa Clara on April 26-27, 2017 How Apple will dodge an Imagination lawsuit ArterisIP Advances Machine Learning SoC Design with Ncore 2.0 Cache Coherent Interconnect and Resilience Package   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | iOS 10.3: Six new features to try right away iOS 10.3: Six new features to try right away Six New Features That You can Try Right Now On Your iOS Device Published: Tuesday, April 11, 2017, 21:00 [IST] A few days back, the Apple has rolled out the new iOS 10.3 update with some major changes. The software update includes Find My AirPods support, CarPlay improvements, Apple’s new filesystem, and more. Here are the six features you can try on your iOS device right now. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Efficient file storage This is one of the crucial changes in iOS 10.3, that is almost invisible. With this update, the company is taking the first step in switching all of its devices to a more advanced file system known as the Apple File System (APFS). This APFS replaces the Hierarchical File System (HFS+) and also has a stronger encryption cum storage optimization.   Find my AirPods Just like Find My iPhone, the company has added Airpods option in this new update. For this, you need to sign into your Find My iPhone app and you will now see AirPods as an option. If you tap on it, you will see the last location of the Pods when they were paired with your phones ping them to make alarm. SEE ALSO: Apple to completely pull out 32-bit support on iOS 11 Apple ID After this update, you can see a new profile section at the top of the settings menu. You can click on the profile to access iCloud, iTunes, App Store and Family Sharing information in one place. Anyhow, you need to log into the Find my iPhone app on your phone or web browser to access them all   iCloud storage breakdown In case if you pay for iCloud to get extra money, this feature will let you know exactly how you're using iCloud storage just by clicking on the iCloud option in this new profile section. If you tap on the graph it gives you a breakdown detailing on how many gigs of storage are being used by each.   Weather in Maps With this update, you can check the weather on Apple's inbuilt map software at the bottom right-hand corner of the screen. You can 3D touch the weather option to get a seven-day breakdown of the weather App compatibility We use to download an app that will not be getting ay update or probably we won't use this often. There are chances that it might slow down the device. With iOS 10.3, you can check out the compatibility by going to the settings menu and about an option on the General Settings. If you have any non-compatible apps you will see an arrow appear next to the number next to that app. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About apple | iOS | updates | iphones | news | mobiles Other articles published on Apr 11, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus image leaked: sports a 5.5-inch 720p display After Moto E4 and E4 Plus, Moto E4 Power clears FCC with 5000mAh battery Sony Xperia XZs goes on sale in India via Flipkart and offline retail stores Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Reliance Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer FAQs: Get answers to your questions It is time to wave Goodbye to Windows Vista Xiaomi Mi 6, Mi 6 Plus prices are out; April 19 launch confirmed Galaxy S8 expected to receive Android 7.1 shortly AMD launched Ryzen 5 CPUs in India starting at Rs. 12,199 Vodafone offers 4GB data on 4G upgrade Samsung Galaxy S8's Bixby Assistant to expand Functionality in Q4 The “@” symbol – Things that are surprisingly older in the internet List of old phones that are worth buying in 2017 How to control your Android smartphone using your computer Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Set Up iPad Parental Controls and Content Filtering Josh Smith04/11/2017 We’ll show you how to set up parental controls on the iPad and enable content filtering to control what your child sees on the Internet. Most parents will share an iPad with a child or teen, and now it is even more likely that your kid has their own iPad to play games, read books, do homework and other activities including browsing the internet and engaging on social media. There are two concerns when giving a small child or even an older kid your iPad: protecting the device from them and protecting them from what’s on the device. This and other heavy duty cases can take care of the former, but you’ll need to set up some parental controls to take care of the latter. Learn how to set up parental controls on the iPad. Apple delivers some restrictions that let you turn off some apps, stop kids from downloading and buying new apps or in-app purchases and there is even a way to hide apps. With recent updates, Apple now offers a built-in website filter to help keep adult content off the iPad without the need to buy software or change settings on your router. If you share an iPad with your child you will need to turn these restrictions on and off each time you switch between using the iPad yourself and the child using your iPad. If they have their own iPad you can set this up once and be done with it. Once you disable restrictions, you’ll have to go through and enable each one again the next time — completely tedious. There are several kid-safe tablets that offer better parental controls that you can set and forget. But if you’re sticking with the iPad, here’s how to set them up. Turn On The iPad’s Restrictions Set up iPad parental controls.   Go to Settings > General > Restrictions and tap Enable Restrictions. Every time you do this you’ll be asked to set a 4-digit passcode and enter it a second time. Be sure it’s something you can remember but your kid won’t figure out. Avoid your birthday, their birthday and simple series of numbers. Setting App-Based Restrictions This is where you can control what apps the child can use on the iPad. Toggle the setting off to stop them from connecting to the Internet, using the camera, buying new apps or downloading new apps. You can control access to many apps, but not all with iPad parental controls. On this section, you can also turn off the option to make in-app purchases. This allows you to control spending in games that encourage this behavior. If you scroll down further you will see options to set ratings for content that allows you to filter by ratings for Music, Podcasts, Movies, TV Shows, Books, Apps Siri and more. Apple assigns ratings, but for movies, the ratings are those assigned by the MPAA like you see in a theater. Keep in mind that your own ideas of a rating may not always match those assigned by Apple or others. Scrolling down further you can make changes to how kids interact with Game Center and the information that is shared under Privacy settings and even lock down account changes or set a volume limit. Setting Up Web Content Filtering Any iPad running iOS 7 or newer includes an option to set up iPad web content filtering right out of the box. This is also in Restrictions and it does a good job of limiting what your child can see but like all automated solutions, it is not perfect. Go to Settings > General > Restrictions and tap Enable Restrictions if you’ve already left that area. Scroll to Allowed Content and tap on Websites. On this page, you can choose if you want to allow access to all websites or limit access. If you choose Limit Adult Content the iPad will not be able to access adult websites, but keep in mind this may limit access to some sites a child needs access to for school and it may not block every site you don’t want your kid to access. If you need a more limited set of rules you can set the iPad to only allow access to specific websites. There is no reporting option to tell you what websites the iPad attempted to visit. Keeping Kids Out Of Your Email Apple does not let you keep kids out of your email, calendar or iMessages, but you can at least prevent them from making changes to the account. One solution is to use an app like Gmail and then sign out every time you hand your iPad over, but this is quite a hassle. Until Apple adds support for multiple users it will continue to be a pain. Setting Media-Based Restrictions Kids will want to watch a video, especially when they’re traveling. You can keep iTunes available but disable the inappropriate movies, TV shows, and music. Under Allowed Content, you can set the rating level for movies based on MPAA ratings and TV shows based on US content ratings. Unfortunately, you can only disable explicit music and podcasts and not a wider range than that or all music. Setting Location-Based Restrictions There are few good reasons for kids to broadcast their location to an app or to friends from the iPad, so it’s a good idea to turn off location services. Under Allow changes tap Location. The apps you see on this screen may differ from mine. Switch them all to Off, then flip Location Services to Off as well. Once you do, then choose Don’t Allow Changes to lock these down. However, if you’re worried that your child will leave the iPad somewhere and forget it or simply lose it, leave Find My iPad on as well as Location Services. 11 Responses 03/26/2012 marty9999 Reply  Another very good Parental Control Browser is McGruff SafeGuard Child Safe Browser for the iPad/iPhone/iPod Touch. You may remember McGruff “The Crime Dog” from your own childhood. It also provides a summary of activity to the parent via email. Check out http://www.GoMcGruff.com/browser and http://www.GoMcGruff.com/BrowserVideo 06/02/2012 web blocker website blocker program website blocker Reply I have been exploring for a little bit for any high quality articles or weblog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I finally stumbled upon this web site. Reading this info So i am satisfied to express that I have a very good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I most indisputably will make sure to do not omit this website and provides it a look on a constant basis. 07/23/2012 Gareth Penman Reply one problem I found is the effect of using restrictions on app layout. I organise my apps by screen and in folders. I applied restrictions to a number of apps, making them disappear from the screen. When I un-restricted the apps had they been returned, but none were in folders or in the same place. This means whenever i pass my ipad to my son i have to set up all the restrictions, and then re-organise all the apps positions. This is not an easy system to use. 10/20/2012 jffranca Reply but the more important that would be define a period of time ( in minutes or hours ) that my child could play with ipad … that Apple forgot… 11/03/2012 nomad Reply as usual, apple parental controls suck, best form of control is to simply not give your kid an ipad, iphone, etc. 11/05/2012 Manden6 Reply All of those controls are on the iMacs. Unfortunately somewhat missed on the othe portable products. thought don’t forget to check out the App Store for the timers for usage. I found 3-4 of them when looking under parental controls. 08/18/2014 league of angels hack Reply Also, when you consider those 50,000,000 plus innocent lives that were taken, and then you consider how many future generations were eliminated, you begin to see that the population that was eliminated was far more than the original 50,000,000. He will do fine- he was a very good (but not great) prospect, he’s young (age 25), and still plays half of his games in Coors. Times, a phrase intended to “reflect the combination of his realistic and neoconservative impulses. 02/04/2016 Jasonpbolton Reply 0=2my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info… See More 12/26/2016 Red Reply Helpful information you’ve mentioned within the post. You can locate related info at a site such as http://www.paramountpayments.com. This kind of website is of help for people interested in a credit card processor. 04/04/2017 Jake Reply Is there a way to change the predetermined age restrictions of a specific app? I would like to determine which app are age appropriate or not. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Apple Pay Contactless Users to Nearly Double, Reaching 86 Million in 2017 Hampshire, UK – April 11, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) New data from leading fintech analysts, Juniper Research, estimates that the number of OEM-Pay contactless users, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and Android Pay, will exceed 100 million for the first time during H1-2017, before surpassing 150 million by the end of this year. According to the new research – Contactless Payments: NFC Handsets, Wearables & Payment Cards 2017-2021 – the combined market share of Apple, Samsung, and Google (via Android Pay), increased from 20% in 2015 to 41% in 2016, as a proportion of total mobile contactless payment users. Juniper forecasts that this will rise to 56% by 2021, as the trio’s combined user base exceeds 500 million. Apple Pay & the US Wallet Opportunity The research found that Apple Pay, and the alternative wallets that have followed in its wake, are set to establish themselves as the primary contactless mechanisms of choice in the US. However, the challenge facing Apple and its rivals is to ensure that the infrastructure is in place for consumers to make in-store payments. „We believe that as contactless usage gains traction and consumers/merchants recognise the speed and convenience it offers, then, as in European markets, there will be a further and significant increase in availability at the point-of-sale”, added research author Nitin Bhas. Indeed, according to Apple, the proportion of US retailers supporting Apple Pay rose from 4% in 2014 to 35% in late 2016. HCE Adoption to Rise 5-Fold Over the Next 4 Years The research found that 2015/16 were watershed years for HCE (Host Card Emulation) in terms of commercial service rollouts. Juniper estimates that at least 194 banks had introduced such services by the end of 2016. Juniper expect PayPal, already near ubiquitous in the online space, to rapidly deploy a portfolio of contactless payment and loyalty solutions that will allow it to compete effectively for market share. Free whitepaper download: Is OEM-Pay the Future of Contactless? Free case study & interview: Mastercard Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the Commerce & Fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. Contact: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com www.juniperresearch.com More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMobile Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Big Data As A Service Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022: Top Players such as HP, IBM, SAP, SAS, Atos, Attivio, Chartio etc. Next PostNext Global High-performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) Sales Market Report 2017 with Growth Prospacts, Business Overview and Analysis Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide As another Apple supplier plunges, these stocks have a lot to lose if the iPhone maker changes mind Dialog Semiconductor fell in European trading after Bankhaus Lampe downgraded the firm to sell from hold. Investors are growing concerned over Apple customer concentration risk. CNBC screened for which firms have 20 percent or more sales exposure to the iPhone maker. Tae Kim | @firstadopter 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Qilai Shen | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer inspects two Apple iPhone 7 smartphones at an Apple Store in Shanghai, China. It's not been a great month for some Apple suppliers: Shares of two companies plunged on concerns over their sales contracts with the iPhone maker. Europe-based Dialog Semiconductor fell more than 15 percent on Tuesday morning after Bankhaus Lampe cited "strong evidence" Apple was developing its own power management chips. Noting that more than 70 percent of Dialog's revenue comes from Apple, the firm lowered its rating on the company's shares to sell from hold. "We have been observing much stronger interest in engineers of analogue and power management chips from Apple in its hiring activities for a little over a year. We believe that Apple is setting up power management design centres in Munich and California," analyst Karsten Iltgen wrote in the note to clients Tuesday. "We believe Dialog is facing significant uncertainty. Customer diversification seems more important than ever." Dialog's downgrade comes a week after Imagination Technologies sank more than 60 percent on April 3. The fall was due to the announcement that Apple will not use the company's graphics technology in the future. Apple is also the largest customer for Imagination. As a result of these two big share declines, CNBC searched for which companies rely on Apple for more than 20 percent of their sales. Here are the companies with large Apple exposure risk, according to FactSet. Company Name Symbol % of Revenue Multi-Fineline Electronix, Inc. MFLX-US 75.00% Cirrus Logic, Inc. CRUS-US 66.00% Japan Display Inc. 6740-JP 53.70% Glu Mobile Inc. GLUU-US 52.70% Gungho Online Entertainment, In... 3765-JP 51.70% COLOPL, Inc. 3668-JP 49.40% Aehr Test Systems AEHR-US 47.00% KLab Inc. 3656-JP 47.00% Nissha Printing Co., Ltd. 7915-JP 46.40% Zynga Inc. Class A ZNGA-US 46.00% Aiming, Inc. 3911-JP 45.50% Foster Electric Company, Limite... 6794-JP 43.90% Invensense, Inc. INVN-US 40.00% IGNIS LTD. 3689-JP 38.10% gumi, Inc. 3903-JP 37.70% Gameloft SE Sponsored ADR GLOFY-US 33.28% Voltage Incorporation 3639-JP 31.60% Cave Interactive Co., Ltd. 3760-JP 27.70% Sharp Corporation 6753-JP 27.10% Ateam Inc. 3662-JP 25.40% InterDigital, Inc. IDCC-US 25.00% Jabil Circuit, Inc. JBL-US 24.00% NOK Corporation 7240-JP 23.80% KAYAC, Inc. 3904-JP 22.21% GREE, Inc. 3632-JP 20.30% Kingnet Network Co., Ltd. Class... 002517-CN 20.20% Avago Technologies Limited 06M8S0-E 20.00% Source: FactSet — CNBC's Anita Balakrishnan contributed to this story. Disclaimer Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change IMG --- DLG --- AAPL ---
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle By Ted Greenwald Published: Apr 11, 2017 2:15 a.m. ET Share By TedGreenwald Qualcomm Inc. fired back at Apple Inc. in their legal battle, defending its business model and seeking damages from Apple over withheld payments for technology used in iPhones. Qualcomm, whose chips and patents are widely used in smartphones, accused Apple of mischaracterizing the chip maker's business and encouraging international regulators to attack it. The filing, which Qualcomm said it made late Monday in a federal court in Southern California, argues that Apple's iPhone business wouldn't exist if Qualcomm hadn't developed essential technologies and agreed to license them fairly. The iPhone accounted for three-fourths of Apple's estimated $84 billion gross profit in its latest fiscal year, according to investment bank CLSA. Apple stood by its statement in January when it said Qualcomm charges excessive royalties and benefits from Apple innovations unrelated to its patents, such as advanced displays and cameras. Apple opened its legal battle in January by suing Qualcomm in the U.S., and later in China and the U.K.--building on international resistance to Qualcomm's patent-licensing business that has included antitrust investigations and fines in China, Europe, South Korea and the U.S. Apple's U.S. suit claimed that Qualcomm abused its monopoly position in cellular chips to impose "onerous, unreasonable and costly" terms on customers and competitors. It also said that Qualcomm charged too much for its patents and refused to sell chips to phone makers that didn't license its patent portfolio. Qualcomm's filing denies Apple's allegations, and says Qualcomm went out of its way to offer Apple alternatives in its licensing terms, which Apple rejected. Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said his company believes Apple's suit was motivated by a need to reduce the cost of making iPhones. Qualcomm's licensing business "is a nice target for them to pursue to get that input cost lower. That's really what this is about," he said in an interview. The stakes for both Apple and Qualcomm are high. Apple, facing competitive pressure from Chinese smartphone makers and others, would benefit from reducing costs. Qualcomm, meanwhile, gets most of its pretax profit from licensing its intellectual property. Qualcomm typically charges handset makers up to 5% of the selling price of a wireless device to use its patents. Apple charges between $400 and $1,000 for an iPhone, implying that it pays Qualcomm as much as $20 to $50 for every unit it sells. Apple, in its lawsuit, claimed that Qualcomm withheld $1 billion in payments that Apple referred to as rebates on royalties paid to Qualcomm by contract manufacturers that build iPhones. Qualcomm's response denies the allegation and charges that Apple caused those manufacturers, which previously had agreed to and complied with Qualcomm's licensing terms, to withhold royalty payments. Qualcomm didn't specify the amount it believes it is owed by contract manufacturers of iPhones or the amount it seeks in damages. Apple sued Qualcomm in the U.S. days after the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed an antitrust lawsuit against the chip maker alleging anticompetitive behavior. Qualcomm last week filed a motion to dismiss the FTC's case. A favorable judgment on that motion could undermine Apple's suit, said Mark Lemley, director of the Stanford University program in Law, Science & Technology, since "they're based on similar allegations." If Apple's case proceeds, it may take as much as two years to reach a judgment, Mr. Lemley said, after which appeals might begin. Qualcomm is also fighting a judgment by South Korea's antitrust authority, which in December imposed a $853 million fine, the largest in its history, for alleged violations. Last year, Qualcomm agreed to a settlement with Chinese antitrust authorities that included a $975 million fine and required the company to base its royalty rates in that country on a percentage of handset prices rather than the full price. Tripp Mickle contributed to this article. Write to Ted Greenwald at Ted.Greenwald@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Technology Smartphones Top 7 smartphones still to look forward to in 2017 There are still plenty of big smartphone releases to watch out for this year. By Owen Hughes April 11, 2017 16:22 BST Will we finally see the Samsung Galaxy X this year?Tech Configurations/ YouTube It's gearing up to be a seminal year for mobile phones and the competition in 2017 is tougher than ever. Mobile World Congress brought us the latest flagships from Sony and LG, meanwhile Samsung is back in fighting form with the Samsung Galaxy S8, which is guaranteed to be one of the biggest smartphones this year. Yet 2017 still holds a lot more in store for tech fans, not least from a certain Californian tech giant and staunch Samsung rival who will unveil its latest headline-stealing handset later this year. At the same time, former mobile king Nokia is set to make a comeback, all the while lesser-known brands begin lining up their latest flagship killers for the global stage. Is the best yet to come? We'll soon find out. In the meantime, here are the seven most important smartphones yet to come in 2017. Apple iPhone 8 The iPhone 8 will be the biggest smartphone launch of 2017 other than the Galaxy S8Gabor Balogh Perhaps the biggest smartphone launch of 2017 will be the iPhone 8. Apple is rumoured to be readying a very special version of its seminal handset to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the first iPhone, which could come with a larger, curved display similar to the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. We're also hearing whisperings of 3D depth-sensing technology and some form of augmented reality capabilities, given Apple's interest in the technology. Apple typically holds its launch event in early September, but recent reports suggest that the iPhone 8 could face delays getting on shelves. Nokia 9 Talk of a Nokia comeback has been on the cards for years, but 2017 is when we'll finally see it happen. HMD Global, which now owns the Finnish brand, has a number of Android-touting smartphones in store for this year, one of which is rumoured to be a high-end flagship dubbed the Nokia 9. As well as packing the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset and a Samsung-rivalling OLED display, rumours suggest the Nokia 9 will feature a dual-lens 22MP Carl Zeiss camera and 3D Ozo audio, which indicates virtual reality (VR) capabilities. As for when we'll see it, details are hazy for now, although word on the grapevine is that HMD will make the Nokia 9 official this summer. OnePlus 5 Confusingly, the OnePlus 5 is technically the OnePlus 4OnePlus There's a lot of uncertainty around what Chinese brand OnePlus will call its next handset: While it will be the fourth handset in the manufacturer's flagship series, the number four is considered bad luck in Chinese culture, hence leading to speculation that the OnePlus 4 will actually be branded the OnePlus 5. Since breaking into the smartphone market as an underdog in 2014, OnePlus has become a firm favourite for more budget-conscious users who want a high-end device at half the cost of mainstream brands. The OnePlus 5 is expected to continue the trend when it arrives later in 2017, with reports pointing towards 8GB RAM and the latest version of its Android-based Oxygen operating system. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 The less said about the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 the better, which is why Samsung has a lot riding on the success of the Note 8, which will ultimately decide the fate of the company's phablet brand. The Note 8 is expected to borrow from the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and arrive with the same Infinity Display technology and Bixby voice interface. It will no doubt also pack a huge amount of RAM and, in keeping with previous devices from the rage, include an S-Pen stylus. Samsung usually announces its Note series in Q3, although given that the Galaxy S8 was pushed back for additional safety checks, the same could be true for the Note 8. Google Pixel 2 The Google Pixel is getting a follow-up in 2017IBTimes UK There was plenty to love about the Google Pixel, which made its debut in late 2016 and introduced the world to Google Assistant. The company is now said to be working on a handset to supersede the Pixel and Pixel XL that will be launched later in 2017. Details about the Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2, reportedly codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie', are thin on the ground, however there's word that the handsets will take a leaf out of the Samsung Galaxy S8's book and come with a curved OLED display supplied by LG. We also expect Google to improve on the already-excellent camera technology found in the Pixel, as well as upgrade the processor to Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 platform. HTC U 'Ocean' (HTC 11) HTC has been very quiet about the successor to 2016's HTC 10, and has instead busied itself with releasing questionable mid-range devices that seem a little out of place in its smartphone line-up. Thankfully, a slew of recent leaks have sought to shed light on the Taiwanese firm's next Android heavyweight, rumoured to be called the HTC U. The most interesting tidbit we've heard about the HTC U is that it will feature a touch-sensitive frame, allowing users to perform actions by (gently) squeezing the phone. We also expect to see the latest version of HTC's Sense 9.0 overlay, which is one of the better Android overlays out there. We hope to hear more information about the device in the coming weeks, if rumours are to be believed. Samsung Galaxy X A number of fan-made renders have tried to imagine what the Galaxy X will look likeSamMobile Samsung's elusive flexible smartphone continues to be a subject of much speculation, but we do know that it is something the Korean manufacturer is working on. We continue to hear reports suggesting a potential release dates for the so-called Samsung Galaxy X, only for them to come and go with no sign of Samsung's malleable mobile. Part of this could be because Samsung is hesitant to launch such a radically new device, particularly as it tries to steady the ship following last year's Note 7 woes. Unverified reports now point toward a Galaxy X unveiling in Q3 this year, which puts it around the same time we expect to see the Galaxy Note 8. We're hopeful, but we recommend you not getting your hopes up too much for now. More tech news from IBTimes UK The best Android smartphones of 2016 Seven ways your smartphone can upgrade your life Apple iPhone 8: Everything we know so far Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close How F1 team McLaren is using 3D printing in 2017 car Columnists Natalia Antonova “What will it take for Putin to turn his back on Assad? READ MORE Tesla becomes America's most valuable car manufacturer The electric carmaker edged out General Motors after its shares... Is 3D printing the future of F1 racing? IBTimes UK talks to key members of McLaren's Technology Centre about... What are the mysterious tech devices spotted in Trump's war room? Teleconferencing or something more secretive? Unidentifiable gadgets... Yahoo sued over allegedly mismanaging $17m humanitarian fund meant for Chinese dissidents The lawsuit claims high-profile political activist, Harry Wu,... Was the Brexit vote hacked? EU referendum website feared tampered by Russia and China A PACAC report said that the EU referendum website crash may have... US, UK and other Nato members team up to counter cyberattacks and fake news A special centre will be set up in Helsinki to conduct research on... FBI obtained Fisa warrant to snoop on former Trump adviser Carter Page Page was monitored as part of an investigation into possible links... Norwegian firm develops 'swimming' bullets capable of obliterating targets underwater DSG Technology has reportedly sold ammunition to international... United Airlines CEO apologises for 'truly horrific' incident on Chicago flight CEO was mocked for an earlier statement apologising for 'having to... Giving away the keys to the internet: Is HTTPS encryption still secure? With thousands of SSL certificates wrongly issued to cybercriminals,... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve iOS 11 this year? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How will Apple improve macOS this year? Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Displays now that the company is back in the game? Trending in Apple Opinion: Apple’s rare change of mind is great news for Mac users, pro & non-pro alike Trending in Apple Wishlist: Here are the things that we’d love to see with HomeKit Trending in Apple Review: Apple’s $329 iPad is not without compromise, but a solid buy for upgraders and new users [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 141.63 -1.54 Now that Apple’s USB-C dongles are back to full price, here are some decent alternatives Ben Lovejoy - Apr. 11th 2017 7:45 am PT @benlovejoy MacBook Pro MacBook USB-C View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s decision to go all-in on USB-C on the 2016 MacBook Pro machines hit significant resistance from those who would need to purchase multiple dongles to connect to their existing accessories. The company responded by offering discounts on a range of USB adapters and cables, first to the end of last year and later extended to the end of March. Those deals are now gone, however, so here’s a roundup of some decent alternatives … NordVPN Apple offered discounts ranging from $6 to $20 on a total of four adapters and two cables. Below you can find links to good-quality alternatives, with Apple’s current pricing in brackets by way of comparison. My personal approach has been to swap out cables wherever possible, rather than using adapters. With most USB devices, I was able to replace USB-A cables with USB-C versions. This generally cost around the same price as buying adapters, and made for a much neater and more easily portable solution. I’m therefore also including links to commonly-used cables at the end to avoid the need for an adapter. USB-C to Lightning 1m ($25) or 2m ($25) Genuine Apple 1m cable at $19 discounted price (Prime exclusive, low stock) USB-C charge cable ($19) Note that generic USB-C to USB-C cables may not be suitable for power delivery. The cables listed here are rated for power use, but you need at least 85w for the 15-inch MacBook Pro. RAVPower 2m cable at $12.49 (60w only) Anker Powerline 1m cable at $14.99 (60w only) Cable Creation 1m cable at $15.99 (100w) USB-C to USB-A adapter ($19) A better (if more expensive) solution in most cases is to replace your existing USB-A cable with a USB-C equivalent – see below. iXCC adapter with short cable (Amazon’s Choice) at $6.99 Aukey adapter 3-pack (cheaper than 2-pack …) at $5.99 Choetech adapter 3-pack at $10.99 Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 adapter ($49) Akitio T3T adapter at $59.00 USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter ($69) CableDeconn Type C Adapter at $32.99 Cable Matters USB-C Multiport Adapter (also has VGA) at $44.99 USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter ($69) Genuine Apple adapter at $55.99 discounted price Cable Matters USB-C Multiport Adapter (also has HDMI) at $44.99 If you want both HDMI and VGA in one adapter, the Cable Matters one listed under both headings supports both ports and throws in Gigabit Ethernet. If you want to replace your USB cables rather than use an adapter … USB-C to microUSB Cable Matters 1m at $6.99 Choetech 1m at $5.59 Belkin 1.8m at $11.95 USB-C to miniUSB Cable Matters 1m at $6.99 Cable Matters 2m at $7.99 Belkin 1.8m at $14.62 For my own part, I have replacement cables for all but one device – the Shuttle Contour video editing jogwheel with a hard-wired USB cable. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide USB-C View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Ford ProjectScorpio ZTEQuartz Mastodon Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Qualcomm Countersues Apple With Serious Allegations Qualcomm Countersues Apple With Serious Allegations By Angela Moscaritolo April 11, 2017 10:20am EST 10 Comments Qualcomm fired back at Apple with allegations that Cupertino 'chose not to utilize the full performance' of its modem chips in the iPhone 7, and more. Qualcomm is pushing back against Apple's claims that it engaged in unfair business practices with some serious allegations of its own about the iPhone maker. Qualcomm on Monday formally responded to Apple's lawsuit, denying claims that it withheld contractually-obligated payments. Furthermore, Qualcomm fired back with allegations that Apple breached and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations between the two companies, and more. Perhaps most damning, Qualcomm is claiming that Apple "chose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm's modem chips in its iPhone 7" and "misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems." Moreover, the countersuit claims that Apple "threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones." On top of that, Qualcomm is accusing Apple of butting into "long-standing agreements" it had with contract manufacturers that build iPhones and iPads, and using "false statements" to push government regulatory bodies around the world to investigate Qualcomm. "Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies," Qualcomm's Executive Vice President and General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. It has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm. We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry." Related FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws Apple did not immediately respond to PCMag's request for comment. The countersuit comes after Apple in January, alleging extortion, sued Qualcomm for $1 billion. Apple's suit, filed in federal district court in the Southern District of California, alleges that Qualcomm withheld contractually-obligated payments in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with a Korean investigation into its business practices. That investigation ended with the Korean antitrust agency levying a record $854 million fine against Qualcomm last month. Qualcomm makes the processors found in some models of the iPhone and many other smartphones and mobile devices, from flagship handsets like the Samsung Galaxy S7 to lower-end Android models. Back to top Previous : FCC Chairman: No Cell Phone Calls on Planes, Please By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Google: Gender Pay Gap? Nope, Nothing to See Here Google pushes back on a Department of Labor report, and says it 'conducts rigorous, annual analyses'... More » FCC Chairman: No Cell Phone Calls on Planes, Please Ajit Pai proposed that the agency terminate a 2013 plan that sought to relax rules governing mobile ... More » LeEco's Vizio Acquisition Goes Kaput LeEco tells PCMag it's backing out of the $2 billion acquisition due to 'regulatory headwinds.' More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Best Phones of 2017 //Discover... 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 10 Apps Every Lazy Person Needs Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Mobile Technology Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Will Shanklin April 11, 2017 New Atlas compares the features and specs of the Samsung Galaxy S8 (left) and Apple iPhone 7 View gallery - 33 images Until September brings another round of refreshed iPhones, the two smartphones in this comparison may well be the two most popular (and possibly the best) phones you can buy. Let's see how the features and specs of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Apple iPhone 7 compare. Size Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information The Galaxy S8 is 8-percent taller, but measures just 1 mm (0.04 in) wider. While the iPhone is 11-percent thinner, the S8's curves prevent it from feeling chunky in hand. Weight The smaller iPhone is 11-percent lighter. Build Both manufacturers are staying on their respective courses: Samsung has been making glass-back/aluminum-frame flagships since 2015, while Apple's iPhones have been all aluminum since late 2012 (following the first iPhone's aluminum design in 2007). Colors You'll have plenty of colors to choose from with either device. Water resistance Both offer impressive water resistance, though Samsung's IP rating is higher. Display size While the Galaxy S8's overall phone size is a little bigger, its screen size is 40-percent bigger than the iPhone's, reminding us that slim-bezeled phones offer more than looks: They also give you more screen-size bang for your phone-size buck. Display resolution The Galaxy S8's display has a 75-percent sharper pixel density, but remember Apple does plenty of things in other areas (contrast, white balance, brightness) to make its screens competitive with high-end rivals. With that said, display analysis firm DisplayMate recently graded the Galaxy S8 as having the best smartphone display to date. Display type Apple is rumored to join Samsung with an AMOLED flagship later this year, but the iPhone 7 sticks with IPS. Curved display The S8's display slopes off on either side. Home button location Apart from areas where Android goes into full-screen mode (videos, games), some of the Galaxy S8's display real estate will be taken up by virtual navigation keys. Pressure-sensitive display Apple's 3D Touch lets you deep-press on the screen to launch various shortcuts throughout iOS. The Galaxy S8 has similar tech, but instead of spanning the entire screen it's only baked into its onscreen home button. Fingerprint sensor Samsung moves the fingerprint reader to the back of the phone this year, to accommodate that nearly-all-display front side. Iris scanner Similar to the Note 7, the Galaxy S8 has an iris scanner. It supposedly works faster than the one in the Note, though, and our launch-event demo appeared to confirm that. Facial recognition It may not be very secure, but Samsung offers a facial recognition login as an alternative to the fingerprint or iris scan. Processor North American Galaxy S8 buyers will see the new Snapdragon 835, while many other markets will get an octa-core Samsung Exynos chip in its place. RAM The S8 doubles the iPhone's RAM, but that doesn't always translate into better performance. Storage Rather than targeting customer upsales with a variety of storage tiers, Samsung offers one (rather generous) 64 GB option. microSD If you store lots of videos or music on your device and are worried 64 GB isn't enough, Samsung also lets you use a microSD card to complement the internal storage. Battery The Galaxy S8 has a much higher-capacity battery, but many other factors determine real-world battery life. Stay tuned for our review for battery tests. Fast charging Apple still hasn't added any quick-charging tech to iPhones. Wireless charging Samsung is one of the few smartphone-makers still supporting wireless charging – which also includes fast wireless charging, if you go with a special Samsung-made pad. Camera megapixels Similar to battery capacity, camera megapixels tell you very little about photo quality. Stay tuned for review unit impressions. Camera aperture (rear) The Galaxy S8's rear camera has the slightly wider aperture, often a factor in determining low-lit photo quality. OIS Both have Optical Image Stabilization. Mobile payments It's Samsung Pay vs. Apple Pay, but Samsung's has the advantage of working at most magnetic swipe-based credit card readers. Apple Pay only works at retailers that have installed NFC terminals. VR There are no significant VR headsets compatible with the iPhone. The Galaxy S8 works with the most content-loaded mobile headset, the Gear VR (which now has a controller). PC dock Samsung's DeX is a US$150 dock that lets you use the S8 to power a PC-like experience: Just add mouse, keyboard and monitor. Headphone jack Apple killed the 3.5-mm headphone port in the iPhone 7: Samsung let it live to fight another day. Software The S8 launches with Android Nougat, though with a heavy touch of Samsung's custom UI (TouchWiz). The iPhone runs iOS 10. Voice assistant Somewhat confusingly, the Galaxy S8 includes both Google Assistant and its own alternative voice-control AI, Bixby (which has its own dedicated hardware button). The iPhone, of course, uses Siri. Release The Galaxy S8 launches on April 21. Starting price (full retail) Galaxy S8 pricing will vary a bit depending where you buy it, but either way it's raising expectations of what you pay for a flagship. Are its futuristic design, better screen-to-phone-ratio and other various perks enough to justify a price that starts in the mid-US$700s? And that's not including the larger model (Galaxy S8+), which starts in the mid-$800s. We'll try to answer these questions in our full review. For more on these phones in the meantime, you can check out New Atlas' Galaxy S8 event hands-on and our iPhone 7 review. View gallery - 33 images Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 1 / 33 Pressure-sensitive display Camera aperture (rear) Voice assistant Battery Build Camera megapixels Color options Processor Curved display Dimensions Display resolution Display size Display type Facial recognition login Fast charging Fingerprint sensor New Atlas compares the features and specs of the Samsung Galaxy S8 (left) and Apple iPhone 7 Home button location Iris scanner microSD Mobile payments Optical Image Stabilization PC dock Starting price (full retail) RAM Release Software Storage VR Water resistance Weight Wireless charging Headphone jack Tags #Apple #iPhone 7 #Phone Comparisons #Product Comparison #Samsung #Samsung Galaxy S8 #Smartphones Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Nissan moves its fight to the desert theater with new tracked Rogue Odd-looking bike ditches the chain Surf's up: Jetfoiler rises above the canals of Amsterdam Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Mobile Technology Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. OnePlus 3T iPad (2017) review: Here’s what $329 gets you Comparing the four current iPads: iPad Pro vs. iPad and iPad mini 4 Adobe developing AI that turns selfies into self-portraits Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Twitter Lite uses less data, space on mobile devices Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. LG G6 DisplayMate gives the Galaxy S8's Infinity Display a record-high A+ grade Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. Galaxy S7 and S7 edge For the first time, Android is more popular than Windows Latest phone comparisons Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. OnePlus 3T Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. Galaxy S7 and S7 edge LG G6 vs. Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. iPhone SE Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto Z LG G6 vs. iPhone 7 LG G6 vs. LG V20 Editors Choice In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Compare the latest tech gear Jaguar rebirths the E-type ... and it's the opposite of painful The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Simulation suggests 68 percent of the universe may not actually exist Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Qualcomm fires back at Apple with countersuit By Afp Published: 11:01 EDT, 11 April 2017 | Updated: 11:01 EDT, 11 April 2017 e-mail In a legal filing late Monday, Qualcomm denied the charges made by Apple in its January lawsuit, while accusing Apple of failing to negotiate in good faith on patent royalties Qualcomm has moved on the offensive in its legal battle with Apple with a countersuit claiming the iPhone maker breached agreements and encouraged regulatory attacks worldwide on the US computer chipmaker. In a legal filing late Monday, Qualcomm denied the charges made by Apple in its January lawsuit, while accusing Apple of failing to negotiate in good faith on patent royalties. Apple's complaint argued that Qualcomm abused its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges by US antitrust regulators and authorities around the world. But Qualcomm responded that Apple was abusing its position in the smartphone market to reduce the royalties it pays for technologies contributing to the success of the iPhone. "Apple's goal is clear -- to leverage its immense power to force Qualcomm into accepting less than fair value for the patented technologies that have led innovation in cellular technology and helped Apple generate more than $760 billion in iPhone sales," Qualcomm's filing states. It added that Apple has encouraged antitrust regulators around the world -- with complaints launched in South Korea, the European Union and elsewhere -- by "intentionally giving government agencies false and misleading information and testimony about Qualcomm." Qualcomm seeks damages from Apple "for reneging on its promises in several agreements," the company said in a statement. In January, the US Federal Trade Commission hit Qualcomm with an antitrust suit alleging it abused its dominant position in the market for processors used in cell phones and other devices, resulting in higher prices for consumers. The complaint said Qualcomm's practices amount to "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the claims as "flawed." The San Diego, California, group in 2015 agreed to pay $975 million to settle antitrust charges in China. The tech group is challenging an EU competition inquiry which could result in a fine of up to 10 percent of its annual sales, which amounted to $26.5 billion for Qualcomm in 2015. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna clashes with Chloe Sims on TOWIE following rumours of the blonde's 'close' bond with her ex Pete Wicks Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cosies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris A-list event Former Hollyoaks star Lee Otway looks almost unrecognisable as he shows off his new ripped physique following dramatic lifestyle overhaul 'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED 'Best day of my life, I'm divorced!' Jodie Marsh runs through garden stark NAKED to celebrate singledom... as she reveals she will 'never be duped again' Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her large assets into tight zip-up outfit Hilarious Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii Looking good Make-up free Charlotte Crosby is unrecognisable as she dresses up in period costume to play Sir Isaac Newton's mother in Drunk History 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum and hopes they will work together again... but NOT on The X Factor 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Gave birth last month Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Robin reliant! Thicke proves to be a dependable dad as he treats son to day out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton Police raid storage locker in search of Mel B's 'sex tapes' as Spice Girl gets restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her after 'pregnancy' 'I had a moment of feeling free...': Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex Katy Perry are still 'friends'  'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in a star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Molly McFadden, 15, enjoys family time at Chessington as mum Kerry Katona reveals she's 'heartbroken' that her eldest is moving to become a surgeon EXCLUSIVE - On an escapade: New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for furniture  Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love Main character Paige Townsen Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings'  Kelsey Grammer and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills At 62, the five-time Emmy winner is 25 years older  'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Putting on a brave face Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The 29-year-old posed in a pair of skimpy undies 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Bravely opened up about her own experience  'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade Still have a relationship Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends 'I can't explain how scary it's been to be so open': Marnie Simpson confirms the release of revealing tell-all autobiography titled Stripped Bare Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign 'Talking was a very strong part of the healing': Stephen Fry speaks candidly about his mental health battle as he teams up with royals for new campaign PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Just horsing around! Sweet Harper Beckham, 5, proves her riding talents as she saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home She's laying low Animal attraction! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle and girlfriend Emma McVey look loved up as the couple hit Sydney's Taronga Zoo Dating since August  Leading lady! Katherine Jenkins puts on glamorous display in elegant black dress as she attends Carousel after-party following West End debut  Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Riding high Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel She is reportedly due in early April  Get to the chopped salad! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes military Hummer to meet daughters for lunch in Venice Action man persona 'My plan is to impregnate Char': Stephen Bear reveals he wants to have a BABY with girlfriend Charlotte Crosby by next year .  'Drowning out the pain 'cos you're not mine': Stephanie Davis releases song entitled 'Missin'... rumoured to be about rehab-bound ex Jeremy McConnell 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Started a petition General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor has played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer David LaChapelle in Venice The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline themed hat during leisurely stroll with boyfriend Chris Zylka and sister Nicky Purr-fect cap Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her 'Living in a love bubble': New mum Cheryl professes her joy in subtle note... as beau Liam Payne simply states he is 'happy' Broken the silence Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate without legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Protective sibling Basil's back on the BBC! John Cleese to star in his first sitcom for the broadcaster since Fawlty Towers ended in 1979  Return to TV Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more Botox  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unus lacy dress as she attends Louis Vuitton launch in Paris Silk slip Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone LAPD officers called What a ride! Diane Kruger goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she strikes model pose with new Audi sports car Rock chick He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while holidaying with his children in Maui That's definitely NOT a dad bod Nick Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Out in West Hollywood Geordie Shore reunion! Gaz Beadle catches up with former reality co-star Vicky Pattison's ex-boyfriend Dan Conn in Bondi In Australia Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Party girl When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in a very low-cut plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans in Los Angeles  Low key Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it an 'unnecessary fad' Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket as she attends Louis Vuitton event in Paris Chic Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys fun-filled family Easter egg hunt with her husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Treasure hunt Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a stylish display in striped shirt dress as she enjoys sun in Los Angeles ahead of Coachella Off-duty glamour Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer Plays an undercover MI6 Agent Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home... just one year after buying it Loved up with her Scream Queen co-star 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage Family drama  Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus New love Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Looked radiant Hello boys! Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope showcases her incredible physique in powder pink two-piece as she checks into health spa 'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year It was a shockingly clean cut look Binky Felstead shows off her growing baby bump in chic jumper dress as she enjoys lunch with MIC co-stars to celebrate Stephanie Pratt's birthday Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Puppy love Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Singer summoned to the LA City Attorney's office t Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split This certainly isn't a Victoria's Secret ad! Lingerie model Rachel Hilbert goes bra-less as she poses in a sizzling new photoshoot for Maxim What Car Share needs is a pair of jump leads and a lot more spark: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Stuck in first gear PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her bump in floral swimsuit as she enjoys babymoon in Tenerife with beau Greg Lake Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Elegant attire Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster stuns in navy polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii with her young sons Leading man Larry Lamb cuts a dapper figure as he leads the stars at the premiere of his new movie The Hatton Garden Job in London Heaven sent! Zara Holland shows off enviably toned figure as she promotes new swimwear brand by stomping through London in a bikini Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her usual casual attire Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her baby bump in a loose T-shirt and jeans as she steps out with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Family joy David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in Los Angeles  Ripped 'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Shared spotlight PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Baby joy Trouble and stripe! Michelle Keegan wears skimpy vest top and cropped jeans as she heads out into the sunshine with husband Mark Wright   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in sun-soaked LA Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Filming continues 'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Baby joy 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and her partner Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Baby joy Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Casual So in sync! Christine Lampard and husband Frank step out for shopping spree in matching ensembles... after she confesses to jealousy over her man Oi oi, saveloy! Danniella Westbrook chows down on a meaty treat after going for a jog in the sunshine... ahead of jetting off to Spain for rehab TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her pert posterior in skinny jeans and a backless top as she steps out after Danielle Armstrong brawl Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice Liam Gallagher cuts a sporty figure as he goes out and about with girlfriend Debbie Gwyther in London Do you know something we don't? Gemma Arterton is the picture of elegance in white silk trousers and semi-sheer blouse as she discusses Hollywood sexism at BUILD Series interview Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes an emergency fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Chowing down 'My job is to protect my boys': Jeff Brazier reveals 'awkward' chat about the HPV virus with son Freddy... and admits the vaccine could have saved Jade Goody 'Perfect shades of pink!' Make-up free Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome 'My greatest fear is becoming fat again': Gary Barlow opens up about his strict diet as reveals he takes home cooked food to work just like the rest of us Helen Skelton and rugby player husband Richie Myler announce the arrival of a second son by posting sweet snap TV presenter gave birth Zara Holland swaps sizzling swimwear for skinny jeans as she steps out in London with her glamorous mum Cheryl following break in Barbados TOWIE's Amber Turner flaunts her toned figure in a skimpy black crop top and leggings as she hits the gym She's been at the centre of several dramas 'They'll never be friends': TOWIE's James Lock reveals girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou and ex Danielle Armstrong haven't spoken since shock brawl 'You only help rich families save money': Viewers blast Susanna Reid's 'budget' cookery show for assisting a couple who spend £205 a week on food Isn't it Spring? Hollyoaks star Nikki Sanderson sports a unseasonably warm bobble hat as she hits the shops in Manchester Feeling the chill? Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Going solo PICTURED: Tori Spelling rocks casual dungarees as she is spotted out and about for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau 'It looks like he has a skin condition!' Holly Hagan undergoes first round of laser surgery to remove traumatic tattoo of ex Kyle Christie's face Make-up free Danielle Lloyd masks her baby bump during day out with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after revealing they explored gender selection for a daughter 'You looked like JLo': Eamonn Holmes grovels to wife Ruth Langsford after declaring Charlotte Hawkins 'the most beautiful bride he's ever seen' My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive and Frankie in New York City Out and about 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with seven-month-old son 'It's not going to happen!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about THAT creepy celebrity guest star Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor winner Matt Cardle's track Amazing  'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps with husband Hank Baskett in Hawaii Family break MTV reality star and friend of Jennifer Lawrence, Clay Adler, dies aged 27 after shooting himself in the head in the desert in front of his friends 'I haven't got any boobs': Trinny Woodall embraces her pert bust after baring all in bizarre video... as fans are left 'shocked' by her appearance Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cosies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Chic 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Hit back at critics Bradley Walsh reveals plans to release more music after he beat Zayn Malik to for biggest-selling debut album in Britain Hey, big seller 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Happy families 'Megan's annoyed I didn't call': TOWIE's Chloe Sims is adamant she owes co-star McKenna nothing over THOSE Pete Wicks rumours Tom Cruise slips into character as he films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel A Laurel laughs! Steve Coogan continues to transform into iconic comedy character whilst donning a navy beret for new biopic in Bristol 'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot 'Your vajayjay won't look the same': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and birth affected her body, from 'bleeding' to 'UFO nipples'  Pregnant Chelsee Healey proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in tight ribbed pink dress as she celebrates 26 weeks milestone Blossoming bump Katie Price defends controversial pictures of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking poses... as she appears with disabled son Harvey to promote anti-bullying 'I remember being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about how she was adopted by her grandparents after birth mother's drug abuse Hop to it! From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel without looking like an Easter egg No time to make lunch, Pippa? Miss Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey Kensington eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Paid tribute to her fiance I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Fans in a frenzy 'This continuity is ridiculous!' EastEnders fans go wild for blunder as they see Michelle Fowler's hair grow INCHES in a matter of minutes 'I don't think the US has changed me': Cat Deeley insists she's still down-to-earth after THAT restaurant rant... but admits she'd only return for huge pay Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys leisurely bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved pet pooch Licorice Sporty Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum dons a very skimpy dress as she enjoys the nightlife on party isle Ibiza with a friend Partying in style Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to the annual music festival  'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Dramatic 'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks ageing in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping Robert Kardashian KNEW OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get back at his recently remarried ex Kris  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Portrays LAPD detective Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Next Big iPhone Display Innovations This Fool explores what Apple could bring to future iPhone displays. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 11, 2017 at 9:30AM I have spent a good deal of time thinking about how Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) can further enhance the follow-on to this year's rumored iPhone 8 with OLED display. Indeed, with Apple moving to (potentially curved) OLED displays, finding additional innovations that will dramatically improve the user experience in future generations is going to be tough. That said, there are several ways that I can see Apple improving the display technology of the premium iPhone that's likely coming in the fall of 2018. Let's go over them. Image source: Apple. Higher refresh rate display One of the rumored new technologies coming to this year's 10.5-inch iPad Pro -- whenever it happens to launch -- is a high-refresh rate display. What a high-refresh rate display does is basically make everything look and feel smoother. It's one of those features that's hard to describe, but once you see it, it can be a real game changer. I don't think a high-refresh rate OLED display is in the cards for this year's iPhone 8 -- manufacturing high-quality OLED displays that support the standard 60Hz refresh rate in high volumes is already going to be tough -- but it sounds like something that could come to the successor to the iPhone 8. Larger screen size options In a prior article, I suggested that Apple is leaving some potential revenue/profit on the table by only offering this year's premium iPhone in a single screen size. I could see Apple offering two different screen sizes for its premium iPhone line next time. Not only would doing so allow Apple to successfully serve a wider range of customers (one report claimed that Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S8/S8+ production split recently went from 60/40 to 55/45, so clearly there's demand for even larger screens), but it would be a straightforward way for the company to enrich its product mix (boosting revenue and profits).  How about a curvier display? There have been mixed messages about the potential curvature of the iPhone 8 display. Some rumors say the display will curve into both edges, like what the displays on Samsung's Galaxy S8 and S8+ do. Other reports say that the display's curve will be much gentler, more akin to the curvature of the cover glass found on the iPhone 6 and later models. I'm inclined to believe that this year's iPhone 8 will have a relatively gentle curve, with potentially more aggressive curvature coming in future models. It's possible that holding back on the curvature will make it easier to manufacture screens to Apple's specifications this time around (and if reports are true, Apple wants a lot of them), allowing Apple and its supplier(s) to work on bringing manufacturing yields of curvier displays up for the late 2018 premium iPhone models. More advanced 3D Touch With the iPhone 6s, Apple introduced a feature known as 3D Touch. This feature, as Apple describes it, "senses how deeply users press the display." The implementation in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 smartphones is quite good, but I find it difficult to believe that Apple is "done" with 3D Touch. I'm sure the company's marketing and engineering teams are exploring potential extensions/addition to the technology. I don't think we'll see a "3D Touch 2.0" in this year's iPhone -- Apple probably has its hands full just trying to get 3D Touch to work with the new OLED display technology -- but a more advanced form of 3D Touch might be in the cards for the 2018 iPhone lineup and beyond. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Mobile Devices Why Apple Inc. Wants to Build Its Own Graphics Processors The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers 1 Potential Problem for Apple Inc.'s Upcoming OLED iPhone 8 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in April Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Inc.'s Next Big iPhone Display Innovations @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SSNLF
Report: Apple may drop Dialog Semiconductor, build its own power management chips | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks damages… Report: Apple may drop Dialog Semiconductor,… Apple releases second betas of iOS 10.3.2,… Apple among companies buying commercials… Apple may be adding Beats 1 DJ booth to Fifth… Report: ‘iPhone 8’ pre-orders… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Sony MDR-1000X Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones FiiO i1 Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Adapter Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Cover-Up Stone Explorer for iPhone 7 and… Gear4 Piccadilly and Soho for iPhone 7 Catalyst Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ExoLens Case for iPhone 7 iClever BoostCube Dual Port USB Wall Charger GettaGrip Grip2u Boss for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… SmallCubed Mail Act-On Henge Docks Horizontal Docking Station HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Finding Flagged or Unread Messages in all… Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Checking HomeKit accessory battery levels… Using Theatre Mode in watchOS 3.2 Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Toughlink MFi-Certified Metal… Daily Deal: ‘The Cube’ Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Nifty MiniDrive MicroSD Card… Daily Deal: Live Home 3D Pro for Mac Daily Deal: G-BOOM Wireless Bluetooth Boombox Daily Deal: MacX Media Management Bundle GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Report: Apple may drop Dialog Semiconductor, build its own power management chips By Dan Pye ● 18 hours ago An analyst at Bankhaus Lampe claims that there is “strong evidence” Apple could cut ties with Dialog Semiconductor and begin producing its own power management integrated circuits, Reuters reports. Another source said Apple is “poaching like crazy” from Dialog, hiring top engineers from the company and ramping up to begin its own in-house efforts. Neither Apple nor Dialog commented on the report, but Dialog’s stock lost as much as 36 percent in one day on the news. If true, the move away from Dialog would be the latest in Apple’s growing drive toward independence in creating its internal components. After reports that Apple was attempting to purchase Imagination Technologies — which previously produced its graphics processors — Apple abruptly cut its ties with the company in favor of producing its own GPUs. Apple is also said to be interested in acquiring Toshiba’s flash memory division. While the push to bring more production in-house seems to be ramping up, Apple has been slowly bringing control of its components under the company umbrella since 2008, when it acquired chipmaker PA Semi to produce its own CPUs. Comments « Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks damages for breach of contract Daily Deal: Windscribe VPN, Lifetime Pro Subscription » Related Stories Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks damages for breach of contract Apple releases second betas of iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 Apple among companies buying commercials created by ‘Saturday Night Live’ cast Well-connected developer claims future Apple CPUs won’t support 32-bit apps Report: ‘iPhone 8’ pre-orders to begin in Sept. to ship ‘several weeks later’ Apple releases Clips Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks damages for breach of contract Report: Apple may drop Dialog Semiconductor, build its own power management chips Apple releases second betas of iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 Apple among companies buying commercials created by ‘Saturday Night Live’ cast Apple may be adding Beats 1 DJ booth to Fifth Avenue store Well-connected developer claims future Apple CPUs won’t support 32-bit apps Report: ‘iPhone 8’ pre-orders to begin in Sept. to ship ‘several weeks later’ Social media companies reach $5.3m settlement in iOS contacts privacy lawsuit Apple releases Clips Australian consumer commission suing Apple over ‘Error 53’ iPhone failures Recent Reviews Sony MDR-1000X Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones FiiO i1 Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Adapter Blue Ella Headphones Apple iPad (Fifth-Generation) AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Lens Kit Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet Filtering System Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector Earphones Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow falls 100 points as geopolitical tensions keep Street on edge CNBC Fred Imbert 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Clever hidden meanings in 30 famous logos 20 hidden secrets of the $1 bill Click to expand Replay Video 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Scandals spread across social media like wildfire, but burn out just as quickly. After a few days, social media channels seem to forget even the biggest ones, or move on to the next one. Here are a few recent scandals you might not remember: Volkswagen - Dieselgate revealed the car company cheated on emissions tests for years. Wells Fargo - It was discovered that bank employees charged fees on millions of fake accounts. Trump University - The for-profit college was sued for defrauding customers. Wochit Business Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger The airline has a seldom-read contract of carriage that permits it to force passengers off planes, like it did recently in Chicago. Newsy Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane A passenger was forcibly removed from his seat on a United flight to make space for crew after it was overbooked. Now the company's facing lots of backlash. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Markets open broadly lower CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Wochit Business0:44 Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger Newsy1:08 Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane Business Insider2:31 Amazon is on a roll The Wall Street Journal.0:40 Craft brewers get crafty CNBC1:27 Trump called China a 'currency manipulator.' Does it deserve the label? The Washington Post2:20 Lenders may have helped put the brakes on car sales last month CNBC0:38 Netflix still leads in streaming, but they've got competition Veuer1:04 Will outrage toward United impact ticket sales? Bloomberg3:44 Major merger could affect Colorado's ski resortsCBS Denver1:57 The rising cost of Venezuela's deepening crisis Reuters1:47 Housing prices soar in millennial cities The Wall Street Journal.0:30 Toyota announces $1.33 billion investment in Kentucky plant Wochit Business0:39 How will students be impacted by Trump's school choice agenda? Fox Business3:43 How this brand is still thriving after two centuries CNN Money2:59 Video shows a passenger forcibly dragged off an overbooked United Airlines plane Business Insider1:51 UP NEXT U.S. equities fell on Tuesday as geopolitical tensions kept investors on edge. Quotes in the article Bank of the Ozarks Inc OZRK ▼ 49.42 -0.40 -0.80% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average dropped about 80 points, with Apple contributing the most losses. Apple was hit by a countersuit from chipmaker Qualcomm in a dispute over mobile technology licensing fees. The S&P 500 slipped 0.6 percent, with financials and information technology lagging. The Nasdaq composite declined 0.8 percent. The Dow transports were also under pressure, as shares of United Continental pulled back more than 4 percent outrage over a passenger being dragged off an overbooked flight finally caught up to the stock. "It's sort of surprising the market hasn't reacted more negatively given the geopolitical tensions," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout. He also noted investors are taking a "wait-and-see" attitude as earnings season begins. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are among the companies set to report this week. Traditional safe-havens caught a bid early on Tuesday. Gold futures for June delivery rose 1.2 percent to $1,269.50 per ounce, while the benchmark 10-year note yield slipped to 2.316 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, rose more than 10 percent to 15.5. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday the U.S. will stand up against anyone who commits crimes against humanity. "We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world," Tillerson told reporters before heading to Moscow, where he and Russian officials are expected to discuss last week's suspected chemical attack in Syria. The U.S. responded by launching 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield. But the Trump administration is also navigating through rising tensions with North Korea. On Saturday, a U.S. official told Reuters that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving close to the Korean peninsula as a show of force. President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday: "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." On the economic data front, the NFIB small business optimism index slipped to 104.7 in March from 105.3 in February, but the uncertainty index hit its second-highest level in history. "This just underscores that clarity on fiscal spending and taxes will be the catalyst that gets markets going. The clock is running but apparently no one is paying attention," Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners, said in a note. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Monday said he would like to see tax reform passed by August but did not firmly commit to it. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin had set August as a goal for pushing through tax reform earlier this year. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Tuesday 1:45 p.m. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari Wednesday Earnings: Fastenal, Shaw Communications, Pier 1 Imports 8:30 a.m. Import prices 2:00 p.m. Federal budget Thursday Earnings: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, PNC Financial, Taiwan Semiconductor, First Republic Bank, Commerce Bancshares, Apogee, Infosys 8:30 a.m. Jobless claims 8:30 a.m. PPI Friday U.S. markets closed 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. CPI 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > Apple is developing its own power management chips, says analyst Apple is developing its own power management chips, says analyst Tuesday, 11 April 2017 (18 hours ago) It appears that Apple is developing its own power management chips, according to a report from German private bank Bankhaus Lampe. The release of the report Tuesday led to a sharp drop in the shares of Dialog Semiconductor, the current supplier of these chips to the iPhone maker. “The teams of both companies collaborate very closely and thus, Dialog cannot be replaced by a third-party supplier. However, Apple itself could replace Dialog,” wrote analyst Karsten Iltgen. As evidence, the report cited 16 different job openings on Apple’s website for analog/power management engineers for the design center in Munich alone. “A search on social networks such as LinkedIn revealed that Apple has already poached about 20 chip designers, some of them with long-standing experience, from Dialog,” said the report, which estimates that about 40 power-management chip engineers are currently working at the design center in Munich, with a similar number working in the area at the center in California. To read this article in full or to leave a comment, please click here » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 1 week ago< > Embed Apple Designing its Own Chips 01:28 Apple Inc's decision to stop licensing graphics chips from Imagination Technologies Group is the clearest example yet of the iPhone maker's determination to take greater control of the core technologies in its products, both to guard its hefty margins and to position it for future innovations. The... You Might Like Recent related news 'Strong evidence' Apple working on custom power chips for 2019 iPhonesApple is likely developing custom power management chips, working on the technology at facilities in Germany and the U.S., an analyst said on Tuesday. AppleInsider 18 hours ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •MacRumours.com •ITworld •Softpedia •The Next Web •Business Insider Apple ditches Imagination Technology and will make its own iPhone GPU chipsIn a dramatic announcement, British firm Imagination Technology has revealed that in 15 to 25 months' time Apple will no longer be using its GPU chips.... betanews 1 week ago - Technology Apple to bring graphics chips in house, sends U.K. partner into stock diveApple told partner Imagination Technologies it will develop its own graphics technology, causing shares in the U.K-based firm to plummet more than 70 percent on... bizjournals 1 week ago - BusinessAlso reported by •The Next Web •BGR India Dialog Semiconductor plunges after analyst warns Apple may use fewer of its chipsDialog Semiconductor shares fell by as much as 16% on Tuesday after an analyst warned that Apple may use fewer of the company's chips in the iPhone.  Karsten... Business Insider 18 hours ago - Technology Other recent news in Technology Samsung's GALAXY S8 launch will happen without Bixby Voice Uncharted: THE LOST LEGACY Gets a Release Date and a New Trailer Konami code Easter egg spotted on Bank of CANADA website INSTAGRAM DIRECT combines disappearing photos with all other messages 'STAR WARS Battlefront II' trailer leaks out a few days early Google Denies GENDER PAY GAP, Details How Compensation Is Set The classic TAMAGOTCHI toy is back ‘BAYONETTA’ fans can finally enjoy hack-and-slash classic on PC — and in 4K Google's AUTODRAW Helps Translate Your Doodle It's robot killing time in OVERWATCH's Uprising event Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Vladimir Putin Ruth Bader Ginsburg Stephen Breyer Current Topics J Geils Boko Haram Sean Spicer Dortmund David Letterman Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Alloc8 Bootrom Exploit Forever Jailbreaks the iPhone 3GS Samsung Retakes Position as Top Smartphone Brand by Worldwide Market Share [Report] Dropbox Paper App Gets Offline Mode Support AT&T Acquires Millimeter Wave Spectrum Needed for 5G Facebook Announces Group Payments in Messenger Apple Stops Signing iOS 10.2.1 and iOS 10.3, Downgrades and Restores No Longer Possible Apple Updates TestFlight With Multiple Build Support, Enhanced Group Capabilities, More Qualcomm Countersues Apple Minecraft: Pocket Edition Gets Chinese Mythology Mash-Up Pack Stainless Steel Braided Lightning Cable for $7 [Deal] Apple Plummets in LAPTOP Survey, Drops From 1st to 5th [Chart] Apple May Be Working on Its Own Power Management Chip for the iPhone Ford Baby Crib Simulates Car Journeys [Video] 81% of Teens Expect Their Next Phone to Be an iPhone [Chart] Instagram Direct Text and Reshares Now Appear in Same Thread as Disappearing Photos and Video Evernote Gets Support for the MacBook Pro Touch Bar Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Toca Life: School is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Seeds watchOS 3.2.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple May Be Working on Its Own Power Management Chip for the iPhone LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 1806 views · Translate Apple may be working on its own power management chip for the iPhone, according to Bankhaus Lampe via Routers. The company is reportedly developing a battery-saving chip that could replace Dialog's power management integrated circuits (PMIC) by 2019. Dialog shares fell 36% this morning but are now down 15% from yesterday. Industry sources tell Bankhaus Lampe that Apple is setting up power management design centers both in Munich and California and already has around 80 engineers working on a chip. "In our view, there is strong evidence that Apple is developing its own PMIC and intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part," Bankhaus Lampe analyst Karsten Iltgen said, referring to power management chips. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to Reuters that Apple was recruiting top Dialog engineers in Munich. "They are poaching like crazy," the person said. The news follows an announcement from Imagination Technologies that Apple has given them notice that it will stop using their GPU technology in 15-24 months. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Bigblackjoe - 3 hours ago A power play to cut off stagnation and refresh the technology sector to let innovative ideas refresh the industry with improved ideas. Time for start ups to capitalize and seize the moment ahead. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NFC World Knowledge Centre » Wednesday 12 April 2017 |   NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay   Skip to content Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Hot topics What’s New in Payments Samsung NFC HCE Tokenization Mobile payments IoT Feedback   More than 150m people to use Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay by end of 2017 Samsung Pay to launch in Ireland after UK? Westpac adds Samsung Pay in Australia White paper gives insight into successful ID verification deployment CaixaBank explains why it sees mobile payments as the key to adding value to its banking service   Explore: Apple Google Juniper Research Samsung   More than 150m people to use Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay by end of 2017 By Rian Boden • nfcworld.com • Published 11 April 2017, 13:54 • Last updated 11 April 2017, 13:55 GROWTH SPURT: The number of OEM Pay users (millions) from 2015-2017 (click to enlarge) The number of consumers using OEM Pays — mobile payment services delivered by handset manufacturers — such as Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay will exceed 100m for the first time during the first half of 2017 and is expected to surpass 150m by the end of the year, Juniper Research reveals, while host card emulation (HCE) adoption is set to rise five-fold over the next four years. The combined market share of Apple, Samsung and Google increased from 20% in 2015 to 41% in 2016, as a proportion of total NFC mobile payment users. This number is expected to rise to 56% by 2021 as the companies’ combined user base exceeds 500m, the research firm predicts. “The research found that Apple Pay, and the alternative wallets that have followed in its wake, are set to establish themselves as the primary contactless mechanisms of choice in the US,” Juniper Research says. “However, the challenge facing Apple and its rivals is to ensure that the infrastructure is in place for consumers to make in-store payments. “The research found that 2015/16 were watershed years for HCE in terms of commercial services rollouts. Juniper estimates that at least 194 banks had introduced such services by the end of 2016.” “We believe that, as contactless usage gains traction and consumers/merchants recognise the speed and convenience it offers, then, as in European markets, there will be a further and significant increase in availability at the point of sale,” says Juniper Research’s Nitin Bhas. LEARN MORE — Topics: Android Pay, Apple Pay, Contactless, Forecast, Host Card Emulation (HCE), Infrastructure, Mobile payments, Mobile wallet, NFC, Nitin Bhas, OEM, OEM Pay, POS, Research, Retail, Samsung Pay Trials and live services: USA tweet  8  share  10  share  1  share  1  print  Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news PreviousSamsung Pay to launch in Ireland after UK? More headlines... What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,600+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up: Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Latest news More than 150m people to use Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay by end of 2017 Samsung Pay to launch in Ireland after UK? Westpac adds Samsung Pay in Australia White paper gives insight into successful ID verification deployment CaixaBank explains why it sees mobile payments as the key to adding value to its banking service Westpac claims ACCC ruling “stifles innovation” ANZ raises mobile transaction limit with voice authentication Facebook Messenger adds payment prompts using artificial intelligence UAE residents to use NFC for ‘a wide range’ of mobile payments services Apple Pay gets positive start in Taiwan Consumers get chance to win prizes at the point of sale PayPal and Visa extend payments deal to Asia Pacific Deutsche Bank customers get HCE mobile payments WhatsApp to launch UPI-based payments in India? Low uptake of SIM-based mobile payments leads to decrease in NFC SIM shipments in 2016 Barclaycard: Realising the potential of conversational commerce is crucial Samsung Pay opens early access phase in the UAE Amazon customers get in-store cash deposits to fund online payments Twint goes live in Switzerland Australian banks lose fight to gain access to NFC functionality in Apple iPhones Subscribe, follow, stay in touch Follow @nfcw on Twitter Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn Get our email newsletter NFC World on Google+ NFC World on Facebook RSS news feed   Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2017 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved.   Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple Pay is ahead of the pack, but pay-by-iPhone is still limited Only 13 percent of iPhones have Apple Pay activated -- and how many are actually using it? By Steve Ranger | April 11, 2017 -- 13:49 GMT (06:49 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Apple's pay-with-your-iPhone service Apple Pay is well ahead of its rivals, but adoption of the concept by consumers remains limited. Fintech analyst Juniper Research estimates that the number of users of Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and Android Pay will exceed 100 million for the first time during the first half of this year and hit 150 million by the end of this year. Image: Juniper Research Juniper forecasts the number of users will reach 500 million by 2021, with such services becoming the primary contactless mechanisms of choice in the US. The analysts said that the challenge facing Apple and its rivals is to ensure that the infrastructure is in place for consumers to make in-store payments: only a third of US retailers currently support Apple Pay. "We believe that as contactless usage gains traction and consumers/merchants recognise the speed and convenience it offers, then, as in European markets, there will be a further and significant increase in availability at the point-of-sale", added research author Nitin Bhas. What's in it for the consumer? Although Apple Pay has now been around for several years, consumer adoption remains deeply underwhelming. Smartphone makers are interested in mobile payments because they can potentially receive a cut from transactions, and gather more data about their customers' behaviour. But there's little incentive for consumers to use these services. For one thing, shoppers are mostly happy with the credit cards they already use, which don't require a charged battery to work. Consumers also worry about the complexity and security of mobile payments. Gene Munster at Loup Ventures said in a recent research note that he estimates about 13 percent of active iPhones have activated Apple Pay, rising to 30 percent of new iPhones. Actual usage data is even harder to come by, but Munster notes that Apple itself reported that transactions were up nearly 500 percent year on year in its September 2016 quarter. Until smartphone makers come up with a compelling reason for consumers to make the switch to mobile payments, these services will remain one of their handsets' rarely used features. Read more on Apple Pay Wells Fargo plans to accept Apple Pay for cardless ATM transactions My first (belated) payment with Apple Pay: Wow, this really does change everything Banking cartel calls Apple Pay alternatives 'unrealistic' in Australian market Westpac skirts Apple with launch of Samsung Pay Apple Pay dominates mobile payments, and it could change retail forever (TechRepublic) Apple adds new banks to its list of Apple Pay partners (CNET) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software Gartner slashes global IT spending forecast for 2017 Enterprise Software Goodbye Windows Vista: Microsoft's unloved operating system finally reaches the end of the road Enterprise Software ​Teachers Mutual Bank completes customer service overhaul with Dell Boomi Enterprise Software ​Ubuntu's Shuttleworth: Free software zealots are antisocial muppets who love to hate × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the difference? Britta O'Boyle11 April 2017Tablets Apple / Samsung Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Samsung announced the Galaxy Tab S3 at the beginning of March, while Apple announced its newest and cheapest iPad towards the end of March, bringing another two premium tablets to the party. The Tab S3 is designed to be an entertainment powerhouse, while the new iPad cuts a couple of corners in order to bring its price down. We've compared the Tab S3 to the iPad Pro 9.7 in a separate feature, but here we are looking at how Apple's latest slab compares to Samsung's latest. Which is the right one for you? New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Design Both solid, premium designs iPad (2017) all aluminium, Tab S3 glass and metal Tab S3 slimmer and lighter The new Apple iPad (2017) and the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 both offer lovely, solid builds with rounded corners and curved edges. They both have a fingerprint sensor within their home buttons beneath their displays and both have a centralised front camera at the top of their displays. Both have branding on the rear, though Samsung also puts its logo on the front of the Tab S3 too. A rear camera is present on both devices, with Apple placing it in the top left-hand corner and Samsung putting it in the centre with a flash module underneath. The Galaxy Tab S3 has a glass rear and metal frame, measures 237.3 x 169 x 6mm and weighs 429g. The new Apple iPad on the other hand, features an all aluminium finish like the rest of the iPad family, measures 240 x 169.5 x 7.5mm and weighs 469g, meaning the two slabs are almost identical in terms of physical size but the Tab S3 is slimmer and lighter. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Tab S2: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Display Both 9.7-inch screens, iPad is LCD while Tab S3 is AMOLED Both have 2048 x 1536 resolution, 264ppi Tab S3 has Mobile HDR on board Both the new Apple iPad (2017) and the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 have 9.7-inch displays. Apple opts for a Retina display on the iPad, which translates to a LED-backlit IPS LCD screen and a resolution of 2048 x 1536 pixels, resulting in a pixel density of 264ppi. In previous iPad generations, like the iPad Air 2, Apple has offered a fully-laminated and anti-reflective screen, but the new iPad lacks this, offering just a fingerprint resistant coating, meaning there is a slight gap between the surface glass and display. In reality though, it doesn't affect the experience too much. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 features a Super AMOLED display over LCD, offering colours that are likely to be punchier and more vibrant than the iPad, though less realistic. It too has a 2048 x 1536 resolution, resulting in the same pixel density as the iPad, but the Tab S3 also adds Mobile HDR, which makes it a better option for those who want to watch HDR content on their tablet. Mobile HDR: Dolby Vision, HDR10 and Mobile HDR Premium explained New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Cameras and hardware Tab S3 has higher resolution cameras on front and rear Tab S3 offers microSD support, new iPad has higher internal storage capacity option Tab S3 should have more impressive audio The new Apple iPad features the A9 chip with embedded M9 coprocessor and 2GB of RAM and it is available in 32GB and 128GB storage options, neither of which have microSD support for storage expansion. There are dual-speakers on board, rather than quad like the iPad Pro 9.7, and the new iPad (2017) comes with a 3.5mm headphone jack, Lightning port for charging and a 10-hour battery life. There is also an 8-megapixel rear camera, capable of up to 1080p video recording, and a 1.2-megapixel FaceTime HD camera is present on the front. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 has a quad-core processor, 4GB of RAM and it comes in one storage option of 32GB, but microSD is available for storage expansion up to 256GB. There is a 13-megapixel rear camera with a flash, capable of up to 4K video recording, while the front offers a 5-megapixel sensor.   The Tab S3 pays a little more attention to audio than the new iPad, offering multi-directional sound with quad-stereo speakers tuned by AKG, and it too has a 3.5mm headphone jack. Samsung claims the 6000mAh battery charged via USB Type-C, will offer up to 8 hours surfing the web and 12 hours video playback. There are Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi and Cellular models available for both the new iPad (2017) and the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3. New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Pro 9.7: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Software iPad runs on iOS 10, Tab S3 runs on Android 7.0 Tab S3 compatible with S Pen and connection for keyboard The new Apple iPad (2017) runs on iOS 10, while the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 runs on Android 7.0 with TouchWiz over the top. As they run on different platforms, the experience between these two devices won't be the same, although many features will be present on both, such as the ability to split the screen and great app stores. Some will prefer iOS, others will prefer Android. It's all personal preference. What the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 does offer over the iPad however, is S Pen support, as well as a connection for attaching the dedicated keyboard. The iPad Pro 9.7 is compatible with Apple Pencil and Apple's Smart Keyboard, but the new iPad 2017 isn't. The Galaxy Tab S3 will therefore make for a better working-on-the-go tablet for some, thanks to the included S Pen and ability to use the separate keyboard. Apple iPad Pro 9.7 review New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Price iPad almost half the price of Tab S3 Tab S3 includes S Pen in box The new Apple iPad (2017) is the company's cheapest tablet so far, starting at £339 for the 32GB Wi-Fi model. It comes in silver, space grey and gold colour options. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 starts at £599 for the 32GB Wi-Fi option, making it almost double the price. It is available in black and silver colours. The keyboard is sold separately but the S Pen is included in the box. New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Conclusion The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is the winner in terms of specs and numbers. It offers a slimmer, lighter build, Mobile HDR, more RAM, microSD support, higher resolution cameras and more powerful audio. It also comes with the S Pen stylus in the box and it has connections for easy attachment of a keyboard. The new Apple iPad (2017) is nearly £300 cheaper though. Something we never thought we'd be writing when talking about Apple. It misses out on a couple of things, such as the quad-speakers and laminated display, but it looks every bit an iPad and it delivers in terms of performance and experience too. If you have the cash and you want the functionality of the Tab S3 but on iOS, then have a look at the iPad Pro 9.7. If you're an Android fan and you want a tablet with plenty of power, a great design and some excellent bonus features, the Galaxy Tab S3 looks like it will be a very safe bet. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 preview New Apple iPad (2017) review Sections Apple Samsung Tablets Best tablet / 2-in-1 2017: The best tablets and 2-in-1 devices available to buy today Apple iPad Pro 9.7 review: The tablet to beat all tablets Best iPad (2017) cases: Protect your new 9.7-inch iPad New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the difference? Popular In Tablets On Pocket-lint New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Air 2: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Pro 9.7: What's the difference? Best iPad (2017) cases: Protect your new 9.7-inch iPad Which iPad is best for you? iPad mini 2 vs iPad mini 4 vs iPad Air 2 vs new iPad vs iPad Pro 9.7 vs iPad Pro 12.9 New Apple iPad 2017 review: Solid, affordable replacement for the aging Air Emirates gets round laptop ban by handing out Microsoft Surface tablets to passengers Tablets for kids: How to setup an Amazon Fire tablet for children Apple introduces new 9.7in iPad, drops the Air moniker Turn your Android phone or iPhone into a tablet with the Superscreen New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Air 2: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Pro 9.7: What's the difference? Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: The undisputed fashion smartwatch king Astell & Kern Kann portable hi-res audio player is the world's most powerful, without the high price tag Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Google's AutoDraw uses machine learning to turn your doodles into art Best Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases: Protect your new Samsung smartphone This amazing picture leak could show us the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Sessions: Congress will fund Trump's border wall Administration — 3h 56m ago White House to lift federal hiring freeze Administration — 4h 2m ago Republican wins Kansas special election, fending off upset Campaign — 4h 12m ago Trump declines to voice full confidence in Bannon Administration — 5h 25s ago Bill O'Reilly announces he's taking a vacation amid sexual harassment scandal News — 5h 26m ago Lawmakers cast doubt on Nunes's claims after viewing intel: report Administration — 5h 35m ago Dems want Trump’s Syria strategy House — 6h 28m ago Trump to nominate John Sullivan as No. 2 at State Dept. Administration — 6h 54m ago view all   Qualcomm countersues Apple in fight over smartphone chips By Harper Neidig - 04/11/17 10:19 AM EDT 0   © Getty Images Qualcomm filed a countersuit against Apple late Monday accusing the tech giant of making “false statements” and breaching several agreements between the two companies. It's the latest salvo in a fight over the parts used in iPhones and rival smartphones from Apple's competitors. Apple had sued Qualcomm in January alleging that it was overcharging for the chips used in their phones. Apple accused the company of using its position as a top manufacturer of phone parts to shake down companies for hefty fees. Qualcomm gets fees for the actual chips as well as royalties when the phones are sold. The Apple suit came just days after the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) hit Qualcomm with an antitrust suit. ADVERTISEMENT On Monday, Qualcomm hit back. “[Apple] has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm,” Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel, said in a statement. “We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry.” Qualcomm is alleging that Apple breached contracts, interfered with the company’s agreements with its licensees, prodded governments to crack down on the chipmaker by “misrepresenting facts and making false statements” and downplayed the performance of Qualcomm-made parts in Apple products. Asked to respond to the countersuit, an Apple spokesman pointed The Hill to a statement the company put out when it filed its Jan. 20 case, accusing Qualcomm of unfair trade practices. “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties,” Apple said in the statement. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” The FTC’s lawsuit also accused Qualcomm of anticompetitive practices by using its dominance to overcharge for its products. Qualcomm recently filed a motion in federal court to get that case dismissed, arguing that the Obama administration filed it on shaky legal ground just days before President Trump was sworn in.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Anne Frank Center calls for Spicer... The Anne Frank Center is calling for White House press secretary Sean... 405 Shares 2 Lawmakers cast doubt on Nunes's... Republican and Democratic lawmakers who reviewed the same intelligence... 368 Shares 3 Obama fingerprints at DNC? Former President Barack Obama’s White House political director is... 336 Shares 4 Live results: Kansas special... The first general election contest since President Trump took office kicks... 284 Shares 5 Spicer: Even Hitler didn't use... White House press secretary Sean Spicer caused an uproar on Tuesday when... 274 Shares 6 Crowd chants 'you lie' at Joe... Rep. Joe Wilson (R-S.C.) had his own words turned against him at a town... 137 Shares 7 White House to lift federal hiring... The White House  will lift President Trump’s federal hiring freeze on... 122 Shares 8 Spicer says Trump trying to '... Spicer said that he did not want to distract from Trump's attempt "to... 104 Shares 9 GOP's Dodd-Frank rewrite would... A sweeping Republican rewrite of the Dodd-Frank Act would significantly... 102 Shares 10 North Carolina bill looks to ban... Republican state lawmakers in North Carolina are proposing a bill that... 99 Shares 11 Republican wins Kansas special... Republican candidate Ron Estes is projected to win Kansas’s House seat,... 96 Shares 12 Republicans scramble to hold... As Democrats focus on flipping a conservative Georgia House district next... 95 Shares 13 Spicer apologizes for Hitler... White House press secretary Sean Spicer apologized on Tuesday for saying... 88 Shares 14 Social media users question Spicer... White House press secretary Sean Spicer faced major social media criticism... 78 Shares 15 Trump declines to voice full... "Steve is a good guy, but I told them to straighten it out or I will." 72 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News ‘Missing’ Pakistan operative was in team that trapped Kulbhushan Jadhav At NDA meeting, a BJP ally from Kerala raises beef red flag For protesting fee hike, 66 Panjab University students are booked for sedition Behind Kulbhushan Jadhav veil, some glimpses Cow vigilantism — or minority hunting? Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple iPhone 8: OLED display, possible launch delay and other rumours Apple iPhone 8: OLED display, possible launch delay and other rumours Apple iPhone 8 is expected to launch with significant improvements over existing iPhones like new OLED display panels, wireless charging capability and more. Written by Jay Jay | New Delhi | Published:April 11, 2017 7:40 pm Apple iPhone 8 is expected to launch with significant improvements over existing iPhones like new OLED display panels, wireless charging capability and more. Samsung’s cutting-edge Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ phones launched late last month, and now the attention of premium phone buyers have shifted to Apple’s upcoming offering- the iPhone 8, which is supposed to mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone. The phone is expected to launch with significant improvements over existing iPhones like new OLED display panels, wireless charging capability, a possible USB Type-C port and more. However, a number of rumours have cropped up over the last few months, suggesting significant shifts in Apple’s design format, the company’s flirtations with VR/AR capabilities, pricing of future iPhones. We take a look at some of the latest iPhone rumours: OLED display A recent report from Nikkei has claimed Apple placed an order of as many as 70 million OLED panels with Samsung Display. This isn’t really news as such rumours had cropped up as early as last year. However, it has been claimed that the OLED panels could be included only in premium iPhone 8 models and that other models like the rumoured 4.7-inch or 5-inch iPhone 7s and 5.5-inch iPhone 7s Plus may not feature them. $1000 price tag Apple-related news chains are filled with rumours on the premium iPhone 8 model costing in excess of $1000. Fast Company first reported the iPhone 8, which will feature an 5.8-inch OLED display panel, and that it will cost upwards of $1000 compared to other models like the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus which won’t feature the new panels. A recent report from Nikkei has claimed Apple placed an order of as many as 70 million OLED panels with Samsung Display. However, the claim was refuted later by analyst Steven Milunovich from UBS who stated that only the 256GB storage variant of iPhone 8 may cost around $950 or $1000. iPhone 8 launch delayed? The Korean DigiTimes recently reported that due to “technical issues related to the lamination process of curved OLED panels” and adoption of a 3D sensing system, the launch of iPhone 8 could be delayed. While DigiTimes report raises some question, an earlier report from Bloomberg had also hinted that Apple’s suppliers will struggle to meet the demand for OLED panels. The report added that Apple could sell as many as 90 million iPhones in the last three months of 2017. iPhone 8 to feature glass and metal body This is being seen as a given, and Apple is expected to revamp the design of the iPhone 8. Some reports claim iPhone 8 may feature an edge-to-edge display and get rid of any bezels on the sides. The new all-glass design may include glass backs developed by Biel and Lens, which will be fused to the front glass panel with metal linings on the sides. This would make iPhone 8 look very similar to the iPhone 4s. The new all-glass design may include glass backs developed by Biel and Lens, which will be fused to the front glass panel with metal linings on the sides. This would make iPhone 8 look very similar to the iPhone 4s. Another report coming from Korea’s ETNews has claimed that iPhone 8 may feature a ‘water drop’ design concept similar to the one in the first iPhone iPhone 8 lacking a home button? The upcoming iPhone 8 could become the first iPhone to lack a physical home button, if rumours are to be believed. Apple may replace the physical home button with a digital one which will be embedded inside the iPhone’s touch sensitive OLED display. According to MacRumours, Apple is already making users familiar with the concept by introducing a reengineered home button in iPhone 7 which offers haptic feedback. FYI Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ have already ditched the Home button. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple D David Apr 11, 2017 at 9:10 pm Samsung is more advanced. Apple is playing catch up to Samsung with lots of US bull. Reply Best of Express Watch: BJP youth wing leader offers Rs 11 lakh for Mamata Banerjee's head EntertainmentAnushka Sharma spends quality time with Virat Kohli in Bangalore during IPL 10, pics go viral EntertainmentRam Gopal Varma calls Tiger Shroff 'transgender', Vidyut Jammwal makes his conversation public EntertainmentHalf Girlfriend song Baarish: Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor welcome season of romance, watch video EntertainmentNach Baliye 8: Hrithik Roshan does Deepika Padukone's 'Pinga' step. Will he get it right? See pics Must Read SportsIPL 2017: A star is reborn SportsNot a category five Gayle storm anymore ? SportsDavis Cup: Ind to fly halfway across world TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com at 12 PM today: All you need to know TechnologyGionee: 74,682 pre-orders for A1 smartphone in ten days TechnologySennheiser HD 4.3 on-ear headphones review: Music with soul LifestyleShraddha Kapoor's Half Girlfriend wardrobe will give you major summer fashion goals Apr 12: Latest News Class 12 CBSE Physical Education textbook claims 36-24-36 is ‘best’ female figure Pakistan hangs two ‘hard core’ militants convicted by military courts AKTU UPSEE 2017 exam: Things you need to know Umpires can eject players, tethered bails approved by MCC Apple-Qualcomm billions put at risk as phone alliance frays Jay JayWhen not obsessively tracking the rise and fall of mobile tech, Jay Ja... read more Apple iPhone 8: OLED display, possible launch delay and other rumours Moto G5 Plus, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Lenovo Z2 Plus and more: Best mid-budget phones OnePlus 3T, Samsung A7, Moto Z Play: The best smartphones for under Rs 35k                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR Zach Epstein @zacharye April 11th, 2017 at 10:06 AM Share Tweet Samsung has clearly turned a corner with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in 2017. Just a few short years ago, the company was selling flagship phones made out of thin plastic that felt flimsy and cheap, that changed beginning with the all glass and metal Galaxy S5 in 2014, and Samsung has continued to refine its design since then. All that progress culminated with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, which were unveiled late last month and are set to be released in less than two weeks. How impressive is Samsung’s new Galaxy S8 design? So impressive that all hardcore Apple fans can do is complain about misaligned USB-C ports and speaker holes, since alignment is apparently far more important than squeezing as much as possible into a compact housing. Of course, everyone (including me) expects Apple to quickly take back the design crown when it releases the iPhone 8 later this year. As we’re now seeing, however, is that simply might not be the case. Don't Miss: The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought As an iPhone user for what will soon be 10 years, I can happily say that Samsung’s new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are far more stunning than any iPhone that has existed so far. I’m not sure why other iPhone users have so much trouble acknowledging that. As I stated in no uncertain terms after spending some time with the S8 and S8+ ahead of Samsung’s announcement, the company has clearly out-designed Apple. Samsung has created two smartphones with big, beautiful screens that are both far more comfortable to use than any comparable models from the company’s rivals. The shrunken bezels surrounding Samsung’s “Infinity Display” coupled with the curved sides on the front and back are practically perfect considering current technological limitations. And needless to say, Samsung’s newest Super AMOLED screens are simply stunning. Now, here’s where things get interesting. Apple has used the same iPhone design for three straight years now, but that comes to an end in 2017. The next-gen flagship iPhone 8 is supposed to feature an entirely new design with an OLED display, no home button, much smaller bezels around the screen, and a glass back. According to new rumors, however, Apple might not have found a way to go quite as far as Samsung did with its new design. iPhone 8 (iPhone X) alleged sizes. Body Dimensions – 150 x 73 mm Display Size – 133 x 65 mm (5.8 inches / 18.5:9) pic.twitter.com/qKJsxf17kR — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) April 11, 2017 The dimensions noted above have been floating around Weibo and a few other forums lately, and they suggest that Apple’s tenth-anniversary iPhone will be a big step forward compared to Apple’s current iPhones. It will seemingly be sized in between the 4.7-inch model and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7s Plus, and yet it will feature a screen that’s larger than both of those phones. And yet… Samsung has managed to fit the same sized screen into a smaller device — the Galaxy S8 measures 148.9mm tall by 68.1mm wide. If these new rumors pan out, Apple will not have managed to top Samsung when it comes to the next iPhone’s screen-to-body ratio, which is quickly becoming the new smartphone screen battleground now that resolution and pixel density are old news. It might seem innocuous — and Apple might have more new tech to pack into the iPhone 8, like an in-display fingerprint scanner — but it’s certainly an interesting shift in the industry. Also of note, the Galaxy Note 8 set to debut later this year is rumors to have an even more impressive screen-to-body ratio than the 83% achieved by the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. Tags: Apple, Galaxy S8, iPhone 8, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Tech The only Samsung phone more exciting than the Galaxy S8 isn’t as exciting as we thought 2 Tech It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 3 Lifestyle ‘Just kill me,’ United passenger says as he drools blood in new video 4 Tech We may have just uncovered another new iPhone 8 feature 5 Tech Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way Picked For You The internet is viciously trolling United Airlines, and it’s a sight to behold By Mike Wehner April 10th at 6:55 PM This might be our first look at the Galaxy Note 8 By Chris Smith April 10th at 6:50 AM Nokia 9 could rival the iPhone 8 in more than one way By Chris Smith April 10th at 11:58 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks With Apple-Like Return Potential We think this biotech royalty company, e-commerce enhancer, and oil company (yes, oil company!) can all deliver Apple-like returns in the years ahead. Matthew DiLallo, Sean Williams, and Jordan Wathen (TMFmd19) Apr 11, 2017 at 8:51AM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has delivered market-smashing returns and is up more than 900% over the last 10 years. Propelling those returns has been its ability to produce elite-level revenue and earnings growth. In fact, it is one of only 15 stocks to grow cash flow at a 20% compound annual rate over the past decade. That said, given its enormous size, Apple's best growth days might be in the rearview mirror.  However, growth investors still have the potential to earn Apple-like returns in other stocks. Three companies we think could do just that are Ligand Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:LGND), Shopify (NYSE:SHOP), and Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD). Here's why.  Image source: Getty Images. This stock is "royalty" within the biotech industry  Sean Williams (Ligand Pharmaceuticals): There's little denying that Apple has generated some phenomenal returns for investors, but it's certainly not the only company that has big return potential written all over it. Within the biotech industry, Ligand Pharmaceuticals could be the next stock to deliver an Apple-like return. Ligand Pharmaceuticals isn't your traditional start-to-finish clinical drug developer. Instead, it develops and acquires technologies that other drug developers use in their experimental drugs. Ligand licenses out these technologies and in return receives a percentage of the net sales of approved therapies. This royalty percentage varies, but it's often around 4.5% of net sales. There are two key advantages to Ligand's business model. First, the company has exceptionally low overhead costs. Since it's not spending years developing new drugs, and it spends most of its efforts searching for new technology to acquire, the company can be profitable on very little revenue. It's a highly sustainable and high-margin business model. The other advantage is that Ligand has a vast portfolio of opportunity to hit a home run. In 2008, there was just one Food and Drug Administration-approved drug on pharmacy shelves that was utilizing Ligand's technology. Today, there are 15, and by 2020, the company is projecting there will be greater than 28! The number of experimental drugs in development that are using Ligand's technology tells a similar story. In 2008, only nine drugs in development were using its intellectual property. Today, more than 155 are! This gives Ligand multiple avenues through which to generate revenue, and it ensures the company isn't reliant on just a single drug. In addition to royalty revenue, Ligand generates materials revenue and milestone/licensing revenue, too. In 2017, nearly $50 million (and maybe more) of its revenue is expected to come from these non-royalty sources.  Long story short, Wall Street expected Ligand to nearly triple its sales between 2016 and 2020 to $287 million, all while its annual EPS more than doubles to $7.66. Its sales figures might pale in comparison to Apple, but its 20%-plus annual growth rate is very Apple-esque.   Image sources: Getty Images. A lottery ticket for online retail Jordan Wathen (Shopify): Shopify shares are by no means cheap, at roughly 11 times revenue guidance for 2017, but the runway is long, and the potential for outsize profits in the future is driving its valuation today. Consumers increasingly expect that businesses of any size have an easy-to-use website to browse inventory and make purchases online. Shopify helps small businesses build out beautifully designed online stores with pricing that starts at just $29 per month. As Shopify brings small retailers up to date, it also has the ability to cross-sell additional products to merchants, from credit card processing to loans for working capital. Shopify is currently in an all-out land grab for new merchants, growing its customer base and gross merchandise volume by about 54% and 99% in 2016, respectively. And while elevated customer acquisition costs weigh on profitability today, the cost of acquiring a new customer should reward the company with a steady stream of high-margin revenue for years thereafter. Shopify is by no means a stock for widows and orphans, as there is a high risk of failure. But it may be one of the best pure-play bets on the shift toward online retail for businesses of every size.    Image source: Getty Images. One in a million Matt DiLallo (Pioneer Natural Resources): Oil stocks aren't known for being high growth stocks. Not only are oil prices are notoriously volatile, but oil production is a very capital-intensive business. That said, if Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) delivers on its ambitious growth plan, then the company could deliver Apple-like returns.   Pioneer recently unveiled a 10-year vision to grow production up to 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2026. To hit that goal, the company would need to deliver 15%-plus compound annual production growth. While that's a bullish forecast, this is a company that was able to deliver 15% production growth last year in one of the worst oil markets in decades. Fueling Pioneer Natural Resources' future vision is its premier position in the oil-rich Permian Basin, where the company can earn 50% to 100% drilling returns at current oil prices. Because of those stellar returns, Pioneer believes it can deliver double-digit compound annual production growth while living within cash flow over the next decade around current oil prices. In fact, it sees cash flow growing by a more than 20% compound annual rate over the same timeframe. That's elite-level cash-flow growth that only a handful of companies -- including Apple -- have achieved over the past decade, and that's why I believe Pioneer could deliver similar returns in the decade ahead. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. Matt DiLallo owns shares of Apple and Shopify and has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Shopify. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew DiLallo, Sean Williams, and Jordan Wathen (TMFmd19) Matthew is a Senior Energy and Materials Specialist with The Motley Fool. He graduated from the Liberty University with a degree in Biblical Studies and a Masters of Business Administration. You can follow him on Twitter for the latest news and analysis of the energy and materials industries: Follow @matthewdilallo Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 8:51AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $141.63 down $-1.54 (-1.08%) Ligand Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:LGND $105.29 down $0.04 (-0.04%) Pioneer Natural Resources NYSE:PXD $189.95 down $0.39 (-0.20%) Shopify NYSE:SHOP $69.06 down $0.22 (-0.32%) Read More When Will Shopify Be Profitable? Shopify Earnings: What Investors Should Expect Better Buy: Shopify vs. Etsy 3 Ways Shopify Is Like Amazon and 1 Key Difference Why Shopify Inc (US) Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Stocks With Apple-Like Return Potential @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $LGND, $PXD, $SHOP
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Qualcomm fires back at Apple lawsuit, makes claims of its own The chipmaker asks for unspecified damages and says Apple purposely hobbled Qualcomm's chips to make the performance match those from Intel. Mobile by Shara Tibken 11 April 2017 3:29 am BST @sharatibken Qualcomm's put on the boxing gloves in a patent spat with Apple. The chipmaker on Monday, in a 134-page redacted filing, responded to an Apple lawsuit about patent licensing and made some counterclaims of its own, including breach of contract. It also asked for an unspecified amount in damages. "Over the last 10 years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services," Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said in a statement. "But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies." Apple referred CNET back to its filing from January, in which it said, "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to hundreds of handset manufacturers and others. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple, through its manufacturers such as Foxconn, pays Qualcomm a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property utilized in the mobile phones. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. Qualcomm, though, says its intellectual property is essential for the operation of a mobile phone, not just the chips inside handsets. See also Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to China For the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, introduced late last year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Qualcomm owns IP related to 3G and 4G phones, any handset maker using the technology has to pay it a licensing fee, even if they don't use Qualcomm's chips. That fee is based on the total value of the device ($650 in the case of the iPhone) versus the value of the chip (closer to $20), but it's capped at a certain level. Qualcomm didn't disclose the limit, but it's lower than the actual $650 price of the iPhone. As with most licensing terms, this gets complicated pretty quickly. But essentially, Apple bears a cost for using Qualcomm technology in its phones, whether or not the chips it includes are directly from Qualcomm. 'Each and every allegation' Qualcomm on Monday denied "each and every allegation" Apple made in its January lawsuit and cited 35 different defenses, including that "to the extent that Apple has suffered damages, if at all, all damages were caused by Apple's own actions." The company talked about the investments it has made in R&D, as well as the innovations it has contributed to the mobile market. It also accused Apple of breach of contract and interfering with agreements and relationships Qualcomm has with contract manufacturers. It said Apple has withheld money (the amount was redacted) owed to Qualcomm under a contract relating to a high-speed feature of Qualcomm's chips. It also said Apple hurt Qualcomm by "deliberately making false statements to government agencies about Qualcomm's licensing practices and chipset business." Qualcomm alleged that Apple hurt consumers by limiting Qualcomm chips in the iPhone 7 to make performance more comparable to chips from Intel. (Apple chose to use modems from both companies in certain versions of its popular smartphone.) Qualcomm said Apple threatened to not make public comparisons about the "superior performance of Qualcomm-powered iPhones." 19 How red is the iPhone 7 Plus Product Red Special Edition? "Apple's goal is clear -- to leverage its immense power to force Qualcomm into accepting less than fair value for the patented technologies that have led innovation in cellular technology and helped Apple generate more than $760 billion in iPhone sales," Qualcomm said in its filing. In addition, Qualcomm said in the filing that it has invested more than $40 billion in research and development over the past three decades and that it employs nearly 20,000 engineers. Its patent portfolio contains more than 130,000 issued patents and patent applications worldwide. "Qualcomm invented fundamental technologies at the heart of 2G, 3G, and 4G cellular communications, is leading the industry to 5G, and has contributed innumerable additional innovations used in virtually every modern cell phone," its filing said. Chip battle Apple in January filed suit against Qualcomm in the US, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple wants a court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The iPhone maker said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based on the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. The US Federal Trade Commission also has accused Qualcomm of illegally dominating the cellular chip market. Along with the US suit, Apple has sued Qualcomm in China and the UK. Update at 7:35 p.m. PT with Apple comment. Update at 11 a.m. PT on April 11 to clarify how Qualcomm's licensing works. Update at 1:05 p.m. PT on April 11 to add in information about Qualcomm royalty cap. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. The Samsung Galaxy: All the news on Samsung's most important products. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Components Patents Qualcomm Intel Samsung CNET Review Apple iPhone 7 Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including more speed, water resistance, and a better camera. But there is one thing missing. £406.66 See it More stories Apple Pay to rule over Samsung, Android rivals, study says Instagram Stories: Tips for using Instagram's photo story feature Samsung to pay Huawei $11M for patent violations, court rules 10 tips and tricks for Apple's new Clips app Close   Discuss: Qualcomm fires back at Apple lawsuit, makes... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: If you want the best, you're going to have to pay up, but these premium tablets are worth it Hasta la vista, Vista: Microsoft kills the ancient OS Vista gave Windows a new style (and new headaches). Ten years later, Microsoft pulls the plug on life support. by Bridget Carey 1:23 Minecraft gets a new marketplace In today's tech news, Microsoft announces a new in-game store for Minecraft so players can buy all kinds of customizations. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple has 80 engineers working on a tiny chip that could increase battery life on iPhones Kif Leswing Apr. 11, 2017, 9:47 AM 5,696 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.Getty Images/Justin Sullivan Apple is working on an in-house chip dedicated to power management, the latest sign that it wants to develop more core technologies, instead of buying or licensing them from other technology companies. Apple has 80 engineers working on a part called a "PMIC," or a power management integrated circuit, Bankhaus Lampe analysts told clients on Tuesday in a research note seen by Bloomberg. This new PMIC could be included in a new iPhone as soon as 2019, according to the analysts, citing unidentified industry sources.  The new chip is being developed by Apple in California and Munich, according to the research. Currently, Apple purchases its PMIC design from a British company, Dialog Semiconductor. Dialog's stock dropped over 16% on the news to 39.94 euros per share at the time of publication.  "The Company notes the level of visibility into the design cycle of its leading customers remains unchanged and the business relationships are in line with the normal course of business," Dialog said in a statement.  One of Dialog's main selling points for its power chips is that they are efficient and can improve battery life. Battery life and other features, such as wireless charging, are likely reasons why Apple would want to design its own version.  However, other analysts belive that there is no sign that Dialog's chips might be eliminated from future iPhones. "Apple has been using increasing content from Dialog over recent design cycles and provided extended visibility over the past few years," Barclays analysts wrote in a note distributed to clients on Tuesday. "Apple of course require power management engineers in order to integrate circuitry, but double digits is insufficient to develop a high performing system from scratch." More in-house Bankhaus Lampe's analysis comes as there is increasing evidence that Apple is bringing much of its silicon design in-house. In recent weeks, Apple has:  Sued Qualcomm over modem licensing fees, which has suggested to some industry observers that Apple plans to use an in-house designed modem in the near future.  Told Imagination Technologies, the designer of the graphics chip currently in the iPhone, that it planned to stop using its technology.  And now Apple seems to be ramping up its power management chip development.  One of Apple's strategies is that it wants to own its core technologies, and because the iPhone sells hundreds of millions of units per year, it makes financial sense for Apple to develop its own chips because its new technology can be introduced to the market relatively quickly. In-house Apple chips can also be quickly customized to be deployed throughout its product lineup, from the iPhone to the Apple Watch. Apple's recent moves to reduce the amount it spends on licensing and its reliance on some of its chip suppliers should not be a surprise.  EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: Analyst: Apple is marching to 'war' with a 'direct assault' on Qualcomm's business model More: Apple iPhone Dialog Semiconductor facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple has 80 engineers working on a tiny chip that could increase battery life on iPhones Apple has 80 engineers working on a tiny chip that could increase battery life on iPhones Apple is working on an in-house chip dedicated... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 11.40 20,662.70     (0.06%) Pre-market 03:07:06 AM EDT S&P 500 0.62 2,354.40     (0.03%) Pre-market 03:06:01 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 2.81 5,401.21     (0.05%) Pre-market 03:07:27 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 73.95 3,482.95     (2.17%) 03:07:07 AM EDT DOW 30 11.40 20,662.70     (0.06%) Pre-market 03:07:06 AM EDT S&P 500 0.62 2,354.40     (0.03%) Pre-market 03:06:01 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 2.81 5,401.21     (0.05%) Pre-market 03:07:27 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 73.95 3,482.95     (2.17%) 03:07:07 AM EDT Dialog Semiconductor plunges after analyst warns Apple may use fewer of its chips Akin Oyedele Apr. 11, 2017, 09:42 AM Dialog Semiconductor shares fell by as much as 16% on Tuesday after an analyst warned that Apple may use fewer of the company's chips in the iPhone.  Karsten Iltgen, an analyst at Bankhaus Lampe, said in a note that there is "strong evidence" Apple is working on its own power-management integrated circuits, according to Bloomberg. About 80 engineers at Apple are working on chips for use as soon as 2019, he said, citing unnamed industry sources. He downgraded the stock to "sell" from "hold." "The company knows of no business reason for this movement and confirms that it remains comfortable with its guidance for the first quarter and in its prospects for the year," Dialog Semiconductor said in a statement noting its stock's drop.  Last week Monday, UK tech company Imagination Technologies said Apple, its biggest customer, would no longer be using its graphics-processing chips. The company said Apple was working on a separate graphics design to control its products. Its shares plunged 70%.  Markets Insider  SHARE THIS POST your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / Dialog Semiconductor plunges after analyst warns Apple may use fewer of its chips Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Login All Reviews Editorials News Western Digital Brings USB-C to G-Drive, Giving Photographers New Choice NVIDIA's Pascal Drivers for macOS Available, but Still Beta Instagram Update Combines Disappearing Video and Photos with Direct Messages Tips Google's AutoDraw Turns Your Ugly Scrawls Into Line Art, Here's How to Use It iOS: How to Print to PDF from Any App on iPhone and iPad Podcasts Apple Music Nails It, Dumping Dialog Semiconductor - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-11 TMO Background Mode Interview with KGW TV Anchor & Digital Trends Host Stephanie Stricklen View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Your Teenager is Mesmerized by the iPhone, and You're Powerless to Stop it Saturday Night Live to Produce Real Commercials for Apple and Verizon FCC Chairman Has Delusional Plan to (Un)Protect Net Neutrality View All Editorials → Apple Reportedly Moving to its Own iPhone Power Management Chips in 2019 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Apr 11th, 2017 9:56 AM EDT | News Apple is developing its own iPhone power management chips and plans to stop using Dialog Semiconductor’s in 2019. That’s what Bankhaus Lampe analyst Karsten Iltgen says after talking with industry sources, although Apple and Dialog aren’t commenting on the report. Apple may ditch Dialog Semiconductor and design its own battery power management chips Power Management Integrated Circuits, or PMIC, help regulate the power drain on a battery to extend the time between charges. Currently, Germany-based Dialog Semiconductor supplies the chips for the iPhone, making up 70% of the company’s sales in 2016. According to Iltgen’s sources, Apple is opening power management design centers in California and Munich, according to Reuters. One source claimed Apple is hiring away Dialog Semiconductor’s top engineers saying, “They are poaching like crazy.” The Bankhaus Lampe follows UK-based Imagination Technologies announcement that Apple is designing its own iPhone GPU and won’t use its chips within two years. Apple has already hired more than 20 of Imagination’s employees and just posted 12 more job openings for GPU engineers in London. Apple is using the same tactic with both companies, assuming the Bankhaus Lampe report is right: Hire away the talent you need from a supply partner to make your own version of the same chip. Custom chip design isn’t a new thing for Apple. The iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple Watch, and Apple TV all use Apple’s in-house designed A-series CPUs. The company also uses its own mobile device motion and fitness tracking chips, along with a custom chip to drive the Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro. Using custom chip designs gives Apple more control over performance and power management and fits perfectly with the company’s “whole widget” philosophy for product design. Apple’s drive for control over device components fits with the Bankhaus Lampe report. Even though neither company is talking about what Iltgen is reporting, it’s likely that’s exactly what’s happening. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, battery, Dialog Semiconductor, iPhone, PMIC Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Jeff Butts | April 11, 2017 Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Bryan Chaffin | April 10, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $141.63 -1.54 (-1.08%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Western Digital Brings USB-C to G-Drive, Giving Photographers New Choice NVIDIA's Pascal Drivers for macOS Available, but Still Beta Instagram Update Combines Disappearing Video and Photos with Direct Messages Apple Reportedly Moving to its Own iPhone Power Management Chips in 2019 Watch Out, Imagination Technologies, Because Apple is Hiring More GPU Designers Recent Tips See All » Google's AutoDraw Turns Your Ugly Scrawls Into Line Art, Here's How to Use It iOS: How to Print to PDF from Any App on iPhone and iPad Tip: Lock Clips Recording With This Simple Trick iOS: What to Do When Your iPhone Gets Too Warm macOS Sierra: How to Disable the Dashboard Recent Editorials See All » Apple Should Think Differently about Suing over 'Tick Different' Apple Music Execution Has Been Near Flawless Your Teenager is Mesmerized by the iPhone, and You're Powerless to Stop it Saturday Night Live to Produce Real Commercials for Apple and Verizon FCC Chairman Has Delusional Plan to (Un)Protect Net Neutrality 14943 Jeff Gamet news 0 1491904569 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Singapore Toggle navigation Home Singapore Courts & Crime Education Housing Transport Health Manpower Environment Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Cheat jailed 16 months after pocketing money from sale of 'discounted' Apple products Theresa Tan was sentenced to 16 months' jail for cheating four victims of $13,075.ST PHOTO: WONG KWAI CHOW PublishedApr 11, 2017, 6:09 pm SGT UpdatedApr 11, 2017, 8:31 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4XeF Copy Elena Chong Court Correspondent elena@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - A woman who duped her victims into believing she had discounted Apple products for sale was sentenced to 16 months' jail on Tuesday (April 11). Theresa Tan, 47, admitted to four of 10 cheating charges. She deceived them into believing her cousin worked for Apple and could help them get Apple products at discounted prices, and dishonestly induced them to deliver money by way of deposit payments. Over 10 occasions between July and October last year, she cheated four victims of $13,075. She has made partial restitution of $1,950 to two victims. Deputy Public Prosecutor Victoria Ting said sometime during or before July last year, Tan decided to deceive victims into believing she had personal contacts at Apple stores, and could get the items at discounted prices through these contacts or other means. On Aug 21 last year, Tan was attending a child's birthday party when she told Ms Lim Hong Yee that her cousin worked for Apple and could get iPhone7, iPhone7 plus and iPad products. Ms Lim, who needed a mobile phone, agreed to order two phones through Tan and transferred $1,160 to her bank account as a deposit. On Sept 11, Tan told Ms Lim via WhatsApp message that "stocks" had arrived. She lied that if Ms Lim bought an additional product, the third product would be free. As such, Ms Lim was dishonestly induced to transfer another $2,040 to Tan's bank account, purportedly as payment for three mobile phones and an iPad. Tan never delivered the promised products and gave excuses that delivery had been delayed. Ms Lim lodged a police report on Oct 9. Tan returned only $400 to Ms Lim. Tan had also cheated Ms Lee Shiak Pin into transferring $2,550 to her bank account in August after claiming she could buy the iPhone 7 at a discounted price of $850 per phone. In total, Tan cheated Ms Lee of $3,175 and has made restitution of $1,550. Another victim, Ms Angela Lim Eng Lan, was cheated of $5,050 after initially being induced to transfer $2,000 to Tan as a deposit for five iPhone 7s. Tan's lawyer Alice Tan, assigned by Criminal Legal Aid Scheme (Clas), said her client is a divorcee with three children from the marriage and is also a mother to a seven-year-old girl. She said Tan committed the offences out of financial stress as she was unable to find gainful employment to pay for the living expense of her daughter and herself. Tan has property-related convictions including cheating in 2015. District Judge John Ng backdated her sentence to Nov 21 last year. Tan could have been jailed for up to 10 years and fined on each charge. Topics:  CHEATING APPLE SINGAPORE CRIME More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XeF Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers How to use Apple Pay Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Fan creators to make money from Minecraft games with new marketplace Best CPU for gaming Chatbots: Should your business talk to a robot? Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Raspberry Pi 3 says hello to Microsoft Cortana in Creators Update Qualcomm, Apple in a right royal bust-up Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation CeBit 2017: The key tech driving this year’s fair in Hannover Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Over a quarter would trust robots over doctors with heart surgery Chatbots: Should your business talk to a robot? Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS UK government dodge Microsoft Brexit price hike in new deal IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Sage Summit: We have a million customers in the cloud, says UK boss Three Private Cloud Myths Busted! What is the true value of the Cloud? Rackspace launches GSS to make cloud migration easy Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH What is the true value of the Cloud? UK government dodge Microsoft Brexit price hike in new deal Adobe teases video of app that could help in taking better selfies Tableau shifts pricing model for cheaper analytics Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving Shadow Brokers open NSA hacking trove in protest against Trump What went Wonga? Payday loans firm hit by massive data breach 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving Microsoft Office zero-day attacks target Word users 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving HP boss: Have you left the door to your network wide open? Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving Microsoft Office zero-day attacks target Word users What went Wonga? Payday loans firm hit by massive data breach Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT How to use Apple Pay Qualcomm, Apple in a right royal bust-up Qualcomm, Apple in a right royal bust-up How To Build A Mobile Workforce Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple Slack chat gets streamlined with Message Menus 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT How to use Apple Pay 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Free WiFi from O2 coming to London this year Samsung ordered to pay Huawei following patent defeat 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Qualcomm, Apple in a right royal bust-up How To Build A Mobile Workforce Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Huawei & Global Switch drive O&M efficiency with new modular data centres plan Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Big Data Analytics Cloudera IPO: An argument against open source business? Hortonworks CEO Exclusive: De-risking Hadoop amid a new wave of data Tableau shifts pricing model for cheaper analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Cisco readies for data surge with storage networking upgrade Say cheese: the body camera storage dilemma Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC Slack chat gets streamlined with Message Menus Cloudera IPO: An argument against open source business? UK government dodge Microsoft Brexit price hike in new deal Foxconn shows interest in buying Toshiba’s chip business for $27bn Best CPU for gaming Met office weathers the data storm with IBM, Computacenter upgrade Met office weathers the data storm with IBM, Computacenter upgrade Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect Ubuntu Gnome returns: Canonical gives up on linux smartphone dream Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC App-centric Infrastructure Performance Management Explained Ubuntu Gnome returns: Canonical gives up on linux smartphone dream VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Mobility How to use Apple Pay 12th April 2017 Next What is Before we explain how to use Apple Pay, it is useful to know exactly what it is. The digital wallet is designed to simplify and secure purchases in shops, apps and online. The service has been developed for use across Apple devices as a touch-sensitive payment scheme to reduce the need for paying with debit and credit cards. It is billed as being easier to make payments, with privacy and security at the core of its service. Apple Pay has been designed to change the traditional way of shopping and minimise the need for physical wallets across stores, apps and online. CBR explains how to use Apple Pay, as well as the who, what and when concerning the contactless technology.   WHO? Apple Pay is available for users of Apple’s iPhone 6, 6 plus and later as well as the Apple Watch when it is paired with the iPhone 5 or later devices. Using the Apple Pay app, the payment system is also available on the iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3 and later versions. Read more: DocuSign simplifies one step payments for Apple & Android Pay These devices have built in near-field communication (NC) chips which are used to access the Apple Pay app. The app works with major credit and debit cards including Visa, MasterCard, Capital One and others. It also works with major US cards such as American Express.   WHAT? Apple Pay can be used as a digital wallet payment method in stores, on apps and also online. It is a mobile payment service that enables users to make payments with contactless terminals. It is a digitised service that replaces a credit or debit card chip and PIN transaction, with Apple Pay similar to the contactless payment service already in stores. With the added NFC chip, Apple Pay is able to wirelessly communicate with in-store systems, apps and online websites to provide a secure payment.   WHERE? Apple Pay is supported in over 250,000 shops across the UK; this means that stores which support contactless card payments will also support Apple Pay transactions. The service is currently available in 16 countries, and is expected to also be distributed across other countries over the years. These countries include the US and UK, which were the first two to gain access to the service. The bank cards that are supported include American Express, Nationwide, Santander and more. It is also supported by many apps such as British Airways, to pay for flights through the app.   HOW TO USE APPLE PAY? In order to setup and begin using Apple Pay, the user must have the Apple Wallet app for the Apple Pay app to store credit and debit card details. To synchronise the app on Apple Watch, open the Watch app on you iPhone, click the ‘My Watch’ tab and then select ‘Wallet & Apple Pay.’ Click ‘Add’ next to the card that you would like to input. It is then left to the bank to verify the information and a notification will appear on your Apple Watch to inform you that the card is now ready for Apple Pay. To pay using Apple Pay in stores, hold the iPhone near a contactless reader with your finger on Touch ID. This can be accessed without the need to open the app or wake the iPhone display. The same applies for the Apple Watch; just double-click the button below the Digital Crown while holding the face of the watch near a contactless reader.   WHEN? Apple Pay was announced and made available at Apple’s iPhone 6 event in 2014. It became available in the US first and then months later it was launched in the UK. The service was then made available in other countries from 2015 onwards.   Share Price: 141.63 USD -1.54 ( -1.08 ) ( Last Updated : Apr 11, 4:00PM EDT ) Name of Technology: Apple Pay Year Introduced: 2014 Invented by : Apple Open Source or Proprietary: Proprietary Main technology category: Mobile Payments Tags Apple Apple Watch iPhone mobile payments Previous ArticleWhat is Visual Basic? Next ArticleWhat is Visual Studio? Related Slack chat gets streamlined with Message Menus Ellie Burns 11th April 2017 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Hannah Williams 11th April 2017 Chatbots: Should your business talk to a robot? Ellie Burns 10th April 2017 Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your Comment Name * Email * Website Editor’s Pick Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving Tom Ball 11th April 2017 Chatbots: Should your business talk to a robot? Ellie Burns 10th April 2017 5 Top Fintech Companies Disrupting the Status Quo in Finance Tom Ball 10th April 2017 Most Read What went Wonga? Payday loans firm hit by massive data breach Tom Ball 10th April 2017 Mark Shuttleworth labels some free software users as “anti-social” and “muppets” James Nunns 10th April 2017 What is the true value of the Cloud? Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Slack chat gets streamlined with Message Menus 14 hours ago Cisco readies for data surge with storage networking upgrade 15 hours ago Cloudera IPO: An argument against open source business? 15 hours ago Foxconn shows interest in buying Toshiba’s chip business for $27bn 15 hours ago Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia 15 hours ago Fan creators to make money from Minecraft games with new marketplace 16 hours ago 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT 17 hours ago Best CPU for gaming 17 hours ago Cyber Awareness: Treat cyber security like drink driving 19 hours ago Over a quarter would trust robots over doctors with heart surgery 21 hours ago UK government dodge Microsoft Brexit price hike in new deal 22 hours ago Raspberry Pi 3 says hello to Microsoft Cortana in Creators Update 22 hours ago Qualcomm, Apple in a right royal bust-up 23 hours ago Chatbots: Should your business talk to a robot? 2 days ago Flipkart takes fight to Amazon, confirms $1.4bn backing from Microsoft, eBay & Tencent 2 days ago Say cheese: the body camera storage dilemma 2 days ago
Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 4.11.17: Your morning briefing 4.10.17: Your morning briefing 4.07.17: Your morning briefing 4.06.17: Your morning briefing 4.05.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 4.11.17: Your morning briefing By John Adams Published April 11 2017, 8:27am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: Hackers target Amazon sellers: Amazon's third party sales are coming under attack, threatening a vital piece of the online retailer's overall business, according to The Wall Street Journal. Citing advisors and Amazon sellers, the paper reports that over the past few weeks, hackers have changed bank deposit information on Amazon accounts for active sellers, enabling thefts of thousands of dollars from each. The hackers are using email and password credentials stolen from other accounts and sold on the "dark web," or an anonymous network for illicit information. The Journal reports these types of hacks have traditionally targeted eBay and PayPal, but Amazon has recently gained "favor." More than half of Amazon's sales are via third party sellers, with more than 100,000 third parties now selling more than $100,000 annually, according to the Wall Street Journal. IMAGE: Bloomberg News Mining money: Gaming can claim more than its share of payments innovation. TechCrunch reports Minecraft will get an update later this spring that will add a broad set of new features, including the Minecraft Marketplace. The marketplace will include maps, skins, games and other add-ons for the popular exploration game. It will will also have its own virtual currency. Called Minecraft Coins, which can be purchased or exchanged for real money. Minecraft's developers are working on ways to make the virtual currency and content available on different operating systems and programs, and will launch a beta test of the currency later in April. A broader launch that includes game content is scheduled for later this spring. A smoother start for Samsung in Australia: Westpac will support Samsung Pay in Australia starting April 11, a launch that comes with much less drama than the attempts of Apple Pay to enter the Australian market. The Australian Financial Review reports Westpac is the first of Australia's four largest banks to enable Samsung Pay, but noted discussions with the other three banks are progressing. That's a stark contrast to Apple Pay's attempts to enter the Australian market, which have been fraught with public fighting among the banks, Apple and the Australian government over fees and access to technology. The banks sought to collectively negotiate with Apple, a request the government recently denied. The Financial Review reports Samsung has gotten off to an easier start because it charges less and also allows the banks to access the Near Field Communication technology on Samsung handsets. U.K. pursues Middle Eastern fintech: Amid concerns the U.K. may lose payments and financial technology companies and jobs as the Brexit negotiations commence, the government has extended geographic and cultural boundaries to expand its technology market. Finextra reports Yielders, a shariah-compliant group payments and crowdfunding platform for U.K. property investment, has been given regulatory approval from the Financial Conduct Authority. The wire service reports the U.K. is attempting to position itself as the primary center for Islamic finance outside of the Middle East. The Bank of England has developed a liquidity tool for shariah-compliant banks, and Yielders conferred with the U.K.'s Islamic Finance Council to demonstrate its compliance with shariah laws such as a ban on interest or investing in prohibited businesses such as gambling. From the Web (powered by Wiser) More people use credit cards for purchases $5 or less CNBC A new survey finds 17 percent of cardholders used plastic for small transactions, up from 11 percent last year. Wells Fargo claws back $75M more from Stumpf, Tolstedt American Banker • Kevin Wack The latest compensation-related punishments were announced Monday in a long-awaited report from the firm’s board of directors. More from PaymentsSource How Blispay lives between single-sale financing and store-branded cards As mobile e-commerce grows, more online merchants are adding instant credit options like PayPal Credit and Klarna, giving consumers more ways to finance large purchases separately from using a credit card. Blispay, a Baltimore, Maryland-based consumer finance startup, wants to push this concept further but stops short of offering a full-fledged store-branded credit card. Static online security isn't enough to stop post-EMV fraud The U.S. Payments Forum’s report on global Card-Not-Present (CNP) fraud shows that CNP fraud is the most prevalent type of payment fraud reported in countries that have migrated to EMV technology, and it continues to increase. Visa, Amazon collaborate to enrich commercial card purchase data Visa has formed a new partnership with Amazon to provide Visa commercial card customers with a comprehensive view of transaction data from Amazon Business purchases. Diebold Nixdorf's 'Big Rig' sells payment innovation Diebold Nixdorf's merchant acquiring strategy includes a truck loaded with its latest ATM and point-of-sale solutions that will visit 50 U.S. cities as part of the company’s first-ever mobile marketing tour. John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author Retailers' digital demands are driving mergers of old and new tech Internet's coupon hub, RetailMeNot, to be part of Harland Clarke Bank of America's mobile plan: A small screen becomes a big channel Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Juniper Research: Mobile Contactless Users to Reach 300 Million in 2017, Driven by OEM-Pay Services BASINGSTOKE, England, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — New data from leading fintech analysts, Juniper Research , estimates that the number of OEM-Pay contactless users, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and Android Pay, will exceed 100 million for the first time during H1-2017, before surpassing 150 million by the end of this year. According to the new research – Contactless Payments: NFC Handsets, Wearables & Payment Cards 2017-2021 – the combined market share of Apple, Samsung, and Google (via Android Pay), increased from 20% in 2015 to 41% in 2016, as a proportion of total mobile contactless payment users. Juniper forecasts that this will rise to 56% by 2021, as the trio’s combined user base exceeds 500 million. Apple Pay and the US Wallet Opportunity  The research found that Apple Pay, and the alternative wallets that have followed in its wake, are set to establish themselves as the primary contactless mechanisms of choice in the US. However, the challenge facing Apple and its rivals is to ensure that the infrastructure is in place for consumers to make in-store payments. „We believe that as contactless usage gains traction and consumers/merchants recognise the speed and convenience it offers, then, as in European markets, there will be a further and significant increase in availability at the point-of-sale,” added research author Nitin Bhas. Indeed, according to Apple, the proportion of US retailers supporting Apple Pay rose from 4% in 2014 to 35% in late 2016. HCE Adoption to Rise 5-Fold Over the Next Four Years  The research found that 2015/16 were watershed years for HCE (Host Card Emulation) in terms of commercial service rollouts. Juniper estimates that at least 194 banks had introduced such services by the end of 2016. Juniper expect PayPal, already near ubiquitous in the online space, to rapidly deploy a portfolio of contactless payment and loyalty solutions that will allow it to compete effectively for market share. Free whitepaper download: Is OEM-Pay the Future of Contactless? Free case study & interview: Mastercard Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the Commerce & Fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. For further details please contact: Sam Smith, Press Relations T: +44(0)1256-830002      E: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com SOURCE Juniper Research CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RiskSense Wins Gold in 2017 Govies Awards for Security and Risk Intelligence Next PostNext Zerto Announces ZertoCON 2017 Keynote Speakers Including Former CIA and NSA Director Michael Hayden, Industry Analysts, and Customer Luminaries Search Recent Posts Heavy snow for parts of the Cascades and Sierra Commutator Market (Groove, Hook Type Commutator and Others) by Manufactures, Applications, Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 at ReportsnReports.com 84% of the total number of participating companies generated sales leads at VIETWATER 2016 Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) Selects AeroVironment TurboDock Electric Vehicle Charging Station for its Green Initiative Prog Consultation: Compulsory “float-free” distress beacons? Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / The iPhone 8 could pack Apple's own battery tech The iPhone 8 could pack Apple's own battery tech by Joe Roberts 17 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments It was just a few days ago that news broke of Apple ending its licence agreement with British graphic chip-maker Imagination Technologies, causing the latter's stock to plummet. As the revelation broke, a statement from Imagination claimed Apple would be working on its own graphics chip for use in future iPhones and iPads, and now it seems the company could be doing the same with battery tech. An analyst from German bank Bankhaus Lampe claims Apple is developing its own custom power management chips for use in its mobile devices. Related: iPhone 8 The company will, according to the report (via Reuters), look to replace power management chips which are currently supplied by Dialog Semiconductor. Bankhaus Lampe analyst Karsten Iltgen said: "In our view, there is strong evidence that Apple is developing its own PMIC and intends to replace the chip made by Dialog at least in part." Apple's own custom silicon could be used in place of Dialog's technology as soon as 2019, with the analyst highlighting Apple's recent hiring of engineers from the third-party supplier. Cupertino is said to already have its own team set up to work on developing the in-house power management chips, which are used to manage voltage and charging across devices' components. Unnamed industry sources, cited in Bankhaus Lampe's report, are said to have claimed that Apple will set up design centres to create the new technology in Munich and California. Dialog is yet to confirm whether the analyst's claims are accurate or not, but its share price has fallen since the report emerged. Apple has not yet commented on the claims either, so the news remains unconfirmed at this point. The German company relied on Apple for 70% of its 2016 sales according to analysts, so losing the supply deal with Cupertino will be a huge blow to the firm. However, as Reuters also reports, a trader with brokerage Exane said Dialog has already completed chip designs which Apple will use in 2017 and 2018 iPhone models – suggesting Apple could still work with Dialog for the next couple of years. At this point, it remains unclear exactly what's going on, but Apple making its own power management technology makes a lot of sense following the news it will be developing its own graphics chips. The company already makes its own CPUs, with the iPhone and iPad models making use of the in-house SoCs – the latest of which is the A10 Fusion chip used in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Whether this year's iPhone 8 will make use of the company's own power management tech also remains a mystery at this point, but more information should become available in the coming weeks. Let us know what you make of the prediction in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments No items found. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Leviton Apple HomeKit-enabled Decora Smart™ Lighting Controls Now Available MELVILLE, N.Y., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Leviton announced today the release of the Decora Smart™ product offering with support for Apple HomeKit, allowing for customizable lighting control using an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple Watch or Siri. This new family of products features three devices including 600 Watt and 1000 Watt in-wall dimmers, as well as a 15 Amp switch with multi-way capability. These dimmers and switches are all wireless and individually HomeKit-enabled, requiring no centralized hub or bridge to coordinate the accessories throughout the home. The Apple HomeKit technology in these Leviton accessories provides an easy, secure way to control lights from an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. Using Apple’s Home app or the free Leviton Decora Smart Home app, homeowners can facilitate distinctive lighting control settings such as fade rate, minimum/maximum brightness, bulb type selection and more to ensure the perfect atmosphere in every room. Homeowners can also use Siri to dictate whether a Leviton Decora Smart accessory is on/off or dimmed/brightened, and can even control scenes that include Decora Smart products. „The innovation behind Decora Smart with HomeKit makes controlling lights efficient and flexible by leveraging only an app or your voice with Siri,” said Richard Westfall, vice president and general manager of Leviton Energy Management, Controls & Automation. „Installation of these Decora Smart products is straight-forward too, making it easy for users to set up their iOS device with Wi-Fi. Plus, with no need for a hub or bridge, the HomeKit-supported solution is ideal for both existing and newly-constructed homes.” Using Apple’s Home app or Leviton’s Decora Smart Home app, Decora Smart accessories can be grouped into rooms and zones, such as a home’s first floor or outdoor area, which helps to simplify control for the user. Multiple accessories can also be set up to work together as scenes, such as „Good Morning” or „Movie Night,” which can be enabled using the Home app, The Control Center Home card in iOS or Siri. The Home app can even allow for the setup of automations, so Decora Smart accessories or scenes can run automatically based on location, time of day or separate accessory action. In addition to advanced functionality and compatibility features, the Decora Smart product line features a new in-wall aesthetic. The dimmer hardware features a dim/bright bar placed vertically alongside the on/off rocker paddle while the vanishing LEDs on the left side of the paddle show current and target light levels with real-time feedback. Both white and light almond faceplates are included with the in-wall devices, and color change kits are available in black, red, ivory, gray and brown. Optional screwless Decora® wallplates are also available to ensure a sleek, matching appearance with existing Decora dimmers and switches in a home. The Decora Smart™ with HomeKit™ Technology products are now available for sale through a local Leviton electrical contractor, Amazon.com and in-store retail locations such as select THE HOME DEPOT® and Ace® Hardware stores. These products include the DH1KD Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 1000W Dimmer, DH6HD Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 600W Dimmer and DH15S Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 15 Amp Switch. For more information on Leviton’s Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology product offering, visit www.leviton.com/decorasmart. About Leviton Leviton is the smart choice, delivering the most comprehensive range of solutions to meet the needs of today’s residential, commercial and industrial customers in more than 90 countries across the globe. From simple switches and receptacles, to networking systems and smart home automation, Leviton exceeds market needs by delivering innovative products to create sustainable, intelligent environments through its electrical wiring devices, network and data center connectivity solutions, LED lighting and lighting energy management systems, and security and automation applications. For Leviton, it is clear the FUTURE IS ON. For more information, visit www.leviton.com, www.facebook.com/leviton, www.twitter.com/leviton or www.youtube.com/Levitonmfg. SOURCE Leviton CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Desarrolladora Homex, S.A.B. de C.V. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Next PostNext Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles Grow More Than 3-Fold in 2016 Search Recent Posts Freightgate Awarded 2017 Top Logistics Technology Provider By Inbound Logistics Magazine Clear Sky Software Releases New Inventory Systems TeamTalk shareholders support Farmside transaction Spark’s offer to acquire TeamTalk has now lapsed Online platform help travelers see the world through private tours offered by thousands of partner local guides Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     2017 IMac Update Aims For The Pro Users Ahead Of New Mac Pro Posted: Apr 11 2017, 6:30am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, Updated: Apr 11 2017, 8:45am CDT, in News | Apple     New iMac tipped for up to 64GB of RAM Apple made it clear a few days back that it would be updating the Mac Pro desktop computer and bringing out a new display to go with that updated machine. Apple plans a modular Mac Pro that will appeal to pro users on its performance merits rather than design gimmicks. The catch is that Mac Pro won't launch this year. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 That means until that launch happens if Pro users wasn't something other than the disappointing and expensive current Mac Pro, they have the iMac to look at. Rumors suggest that in late October a new iMac will launch and that this iMac is what Apple hopes will hold over the pro users until the new Mac Pro launches. Rumors suggest that the new iMac might get the Touch Bar that Apple introduced first on the MacBook Pro. Some rumored specs for the iMac upgrade include up to Intel E3-1285 v6 processors and 16GB of ECC memory. That RAM can be upgraded to 32GB or 64GB. Apple is also tipped to be using faster NVMe SSDs with possibly up to 2TB and AMD graphics to support VR Pro apps according to an rumor we reported earlier about. The iMac is also tipped to get a Thunderbolt 3 port along with a USB-C port. A new keyboard rounds out the rumors. That certainly sounds like a machine that will hold pros over. The iMac was previously rumored to be getting an 8K resolution screen. I don't even want to know how much a fully optioned 8K iMac might cost. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple Plans to Build its Own Battery Power Management Chips for iPhones 14 hours ago, 11:17am CDT Record Number of US Teens Now Using iPhones 19 hours ago, 6:00am CDT Apple Watch Series 3 Production Opens Door for New Apple Partner 20 hours ago, 5:41am CDT Next-Gen Waterproof AirPods Charging Case Could Wirelessly Recharge Your Apple Watch or iPhone 1 day ago, 12:15pm CDT Japanese Scientists Plan to Drill into Earth's Mantle for the First Time 31 minutes ago 2017 New York Auto Show: 2018 Lexus LS 500 F Sport Debuts 3 hours ago Chevrolet Offers Corvette Carbon 65 Edition for 2018 Grand Sport 3LT and Z06 3LZ 3 hours ago 2018 Ford Explorer Debuts at New York Auto Show 3 hours ago 2018 Lincoln Navigator Teased Before 2017 New York Auto Show 4 hours ago Nissan Rogue Trail Warrior Debuts at 2017 New York Auto Show 4 hours ago Grey Hair could be a Warning Sign for Heart Disease in Men 10 hours ago, 3:33pm CDT Adults Fueling Toy Market More Than Children 10 hours ago, 3:03pm CDT 7 TV Shows Set to Premiere This April 12 hours ago, 1:24pm CDT Windows 10 Creators Update Is Available for Download 12 hours ago, 1:18pm CDT Fifty New Spider Species Discovered in North Australia 12 hours ago, 1:11pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Nintendo Super NES Classic to Follow the NES Classic in Holidays 2017? 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Apple Apple Plans to Build its Own Battery Power Management Chips for iPhones 14 hours ago, 11:17am CDT Record Number of US Teens Now Using iPhones 19 hours ago, 6:00am CDT Apple Watch Series 3 Production Opens Door for New Apple Partner 20 hours ago, 5:41am CDT Next-Gen Waterproof AirPods Charging Case Could Wirelessly Recharge Your Apple Watch or iPhone 1 day ago, 12:15pm CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Japanese Scientists Plan to Drill into Earth's Mantle for the First Time 31 minutes ago 2017 New York Auto Show: 2018 Lexus LS 500 F Sport Debuts 3 hours ago Chevrolet Offers Corvette Carbon 65 Edition for 2018 Grand Sport 3LT and Z06 3LZ 3 hours ago 2018 Ford Explorer Debuts at New York Auto Show 3 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Leviton Apple HomeKit-enabled Decora Smart™ Lighting Controls Now Available The Decora Smart™ with HomeKit Technology product family provides homeowners with wireless and customizable lighting control News provided by Leviton Apr 11, 2017, 08:37 ET Share this article MELVILLE, N.Y., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Leviton announced today the release of the Decora Smart™ product offering with support for Apple HomeKit, allowing for customizable lighting control using an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple Watch or Siri. This new family of products features three devices including 600 Watt and 1000 Watt in-wall dimmers, as well as a 15 Amp switch with multi-way capability. These dimmers and switches are all wireless and individually HomeKit-enabled, requiring no centralized hub or bridge to coordinate the accessories throughout the home. The Apple HomeKit technology in these Leviton accessories provides an easy, secure way to control lights from an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. Using Apple's Home app or the free Leviton Decora Smart Home app, homeowners can facilitate distinctive lighting control settings such as fade rate, minimum/maximum brightness, bulb type selection and more to ensure the perfect atmosphere in every room. Homeowners can also use Siri to dictate whether a Leviton Decora Smart accessory is on/off or dimmed/brightened, and can even control scenes that include Decora Smart products. The Leviton Decora Smart(TM) with HomeKit Technology product family provides homeowners with wireless and customizable lighting control. "The innovation behind Decora Smart with HomeKit makes controlling lights efficient and flexible by leveraging only an app or your voice with Siri," said Richard Westfall, vice president and general manager of Leviton Energy Management, Controls & Automation. "Installation of these Decora Smart products is straight-forward too, making it easy for users to set up their iOS device with Wi-Fi. Plus, with no need for a hub or bridge, the HomeKit-supported solution is ideal for both existing and newly-constructed homes." Using Apple's Home app or Leviton's Decora Smart Home app, Decora Smart accessories can be grouped into rooms and zones, such as a home's first floor or outdoor area, which helps to simplify control for the user. Multiple accessories can also be set up to work together as scenes, such as "Good Morning" or "Movie Night," which can be enabled using the Home app, The Control Center Home card in iOS or Siri. The Home app can even allow for the setup of automations, so Decora Smart accessories or scenes can run automatically based on location, time of day or separate accessory action. In addition to advanced functionality and compatibility features, the Decora Smart product line features a new in-wall aesthetic. The dimmer hardware features a dim/bright bar placed vertically alongside the on/off rocker paddle while the vanishing LEDs on the left side of the paddle show current and target light levels with real-time feedback. Both white and light almond faceplates are included with the in-wall devices, and color change kits are available in black, red, ivory, gray and brown. Optional screwless Decora® wallplates are also available to ensure a sleek, matching appearance with existing Decora dimmers and switches in a home. The Decora Smart™ with HomeKit™ Technology products are now available for sale through a local Leviton electrical contractor, Amazon.com and in-store retail locations such as select THE HOME DEPOT® and Ace® Hardware stores. These products include the DH1KD Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 1000W Dimmer, DH6HD Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 600W Dimmer and DH15S Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology 15 Amp Switch. For more information on Leviton's Decora Smart with HomeKit Technology product offering, visit www.leviton.com/decorasmart. About Leviton Leviton is the smart choice, delivering the most comprehensive range of solutions to meet the needs of today's residential, commercial and industrial customers in more than 90 countries across the globe. From simple switches and receptacles, to networking systems and smart home automation, Leviton exceeds market needs by delivering innovative products to create sustainable, intelligent environments through its electrical wiring devices, network and data center connectivity solutions, LED lighting and lighting energy management systems, and security and automation applications. For Leviton, it is clear the FUTURE IS ON. For more information, visit www.leviton.com, www.facebook.com/leviton, www.twitter.com/leviton or www.youtube.com/Levitonmfg. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leviton-apple-homekit-enabled-decora-smart-lighting-controls-now-available-300437801.html SOURCE Leviton Apr 10, 2017, 12:25 ET Preview: Leviton Introduces New Wireless Room Controller System My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 10, 2017, 12:25 ETLeviton Introduces New Wireless Room Controller System Mar 30, 2017, 09:37 ETLeviton to Present Technical Session at AFCOM 2017 Data Center... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Computer Electronics Electrical Utilities Utilities Green Technology You just read: Leviton Apple HomeKit-enabled Decora Smart™ Lighting Controls Now Available News provided by Leviton Apr 11, 2017, 08:37 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and... Mac Pro, iMac Pro, a “sorry” Apple, and other top stories of... The best VPNs for iPhone, iPad, and Mac What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple sues Swatch over “Tick Different” slogan By Christian Zibreg, Apr 11, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Apple has filed a complaint against Swatch in a Swiss court after the watch maker has used the slogan “Tick different” to promote its Bellamy quartz wristwatch with built-in NFC Visa payment technology. Apple argues that Swatch is unfairly using a grammatically incorrect slogan that bears too many similarities to its “Think Different” ad campaign. Watson explains that Apple must prove that Swatch’s slogan prompts an association with Apple products in the minds of at least 50 percent of consumers. Swatch, of course, insists that any similarity with Apple is purely coincidental. The “Think Different” campaign was created in 1997 by Apple’s advertising agency TBWA\Chiat\Day shortly after Steve Jobs returned as Apple’s interim CEO. The California company stopped using the slogan with the launch of the 2002 iMac G4. Lenz & Staehelin lodged a complaint last week at the Swiss Federal Administrative Court. Apple’s legal team also filed a complaint of its own with the Swiss Federal Institute of Intellectual Property, but it yielded no results. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube Swatch’s CEO Nick Hayek argues that the “Tick Different” slogan has its roots in Swatch’s 1980s ad campaign that used the phrase “Always different, always new”. The CEO is also known for dismissing Apple Watch as a toy. Swatch previously blocked Apple’s trademark application for “iWatch” in the U.K. In 2015, the Swiss watch maker successfully trademarked “One More Thing,” a catch phrase Steve Jobs famously used before unveiling surprise products. Swatch argued that the phrase was inspired by inspector Columbos citation “Just one more thing”. At one point, Swatch was even thought to be working with Apple on a smartwatch. Source: Watson Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple v. Samsung case sent back to lower courts to determine if damages retrial is neccessary Lawsuit says Apple broke FaceTime on iOS 6 to force iOS 7 upgrades & save money on data fees Apple sues Qualcomm over withholding $1B as ransom in Korean legal investigation Samsung seeks arbitration against Sharp and other LCD panel makers over supply halt Related Topics Apple, Lawsuit, Legal, News, Swatch   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Don’t miss out on this deal: two years of Private Internet Access VPN at 63% off Check out these awesome minimalist clock screen savers for Mac Daily Deals: $64 wireless HD security camera, $380 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and more Facebook unveils group payments via Messenger for desktop Second betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 now available to public beta testers   The latest jailbreak news iPhone 3GS untethered bootrom exploit released NoMoreStories removes the Stories feature from the Facebook app Hide the waveform and activity bar when using voice memos with discreetVoiceMemos iDeviceReRestore launches: restore 32-bit devices to any iOS 9.X firmware version Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Confero 2, SpecialFaces, Springtomize 4, & more… iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Startups Games Makers Tech Games Hardware Software Features Women Blog Events How to Opinion Competitions Forum Press office Talk to us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Join us on Google+ Subscribe with RSS By Nick Cowen on 11th April · Blog · News Qualcomm countersues Apple Back in January, Apple filed a $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm, claiming the chipmaker maker was charging it for patents it “had nothing to do with”. In its suit Apple also alleged that “the more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.” Qualcomm was rumoured to be considering legal action for some time now, and last night it laced up its boxing gloves and stepped into the ring with Apple. The chipmaker has countersued, denying each and every allegation made in Apple’s suit alleging instead that the iPhone maker is in breach of contract and that it is deliberately misrepresenting the facts. It also alleges that Apple’s original suit is simply a ploy to force Qualcomm to lower royalties on its contribution to Apple’s technology. Advert “Apple’s goal is clear — to leverage its immense power to force Qualcomm into accepting less than fair value for the patented technologies that have led innovation in cellular technology and helped Apple generate more than $760 billion in iPhone sales,” Qualcomm said it in its suit. Qualcomm’s executive VP and general counsel Don Rosenberg also had some pretty combative words for Apple. “Over the last 10 years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services,” said Rosenberg. “But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm’s fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies,” Rosenberg said. Qualcomm and Apple have worked together for years with the former providing the chipsets for pretty much every iPhone and iPad iteration since the beginning. Ahead of the iPhone 7 launch, however, Apple has started using chips from both Qualcomm and Intel. How this legal kerfuffle will affect the next iPhone launch remains to be seen. [Source: 9to5 Mac]   Like this story? Share it! Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Join the conversation Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla. Comments by Vanilla Advert More on this topic iPhone SE rumoured to make appearance on 21 March Apple faces R68 million class action suit for Wi-Fi Assist… Apple could be facing billions in back taxes McLaren denies that it is in talks with Apple over… Latest on htxt.africa General · News Google’s new AutoDraw AI will guess what your terrible drawings are General · News Naspers pours almost R1 billion to grow Takealot.com General · News Instagram introduces disappearing multimedia to Direct messaging General · News Gautrain, Rea Vaya may be affected nationwide bus strike from tomorrow Blog · Games · News Local multiplayer dungeon brawler Crawl finally leaves Early Access General · News Received a strange document in your inbox? It may contain malware Blog · Makers · News Google Gnome is real thanks to this 3D print Blog · Games · News Remedy Entertainment announces two new games Blog · Games · News Elder Scrolls Online goes free to play this week General · News AMD acquires Nitero IP, are wireless VR headsets coming? Latest news Google’s new AutoDraw AI will guess what your terrible drawings are Naspers pours almost R1 billion to grow Takealot.com Instagram introduces disappearing multimedia to Direct messaging Gautrain, Rea Vaya may be affected nationwide bus strike from tomorrow Received a strange document in your inbox? It may contain malware Features & Specials New map and website aim to link SA startups with funding ops Horizon Zero Dawn Review – Tyrannosaurus Mech I renewed my passport and didn’t queue at Home Affairs once 80 Years after his death, H.P. Lovecraft inspired a generation of videogames Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands: Grand Theft Bolivia Get our daily newsletter! An exclusive worldwide wrap of tech news in your inbox every morning, plus exclusive offers and more! How to do stuff Forgot something in your Uber? Here’s how to get it back How to check if your internet connection is being watched Beyond Privacy Basics: How to make your Facebook profile even more private Industry news [Press Release] SA fintech business Entersekt wins banking security award [Press Release] Global research shows tech savvy businesses grow, d ... [Press Release] Hisense Becomes Official Sponsor of 2018 FIFA World Cup [Press Release] First ever Customer Experience Africa Awards announ ... [Press Release] Avoid online travel scams ahead of Easter Post Tags Apple Chips Chipsets iPad iPhone Legal battles Qualcomm Quickfire stories from the blog Local multiplayer dungeon brawler Crawl finally leaves Early Access Google Gnome is real thanks to this 3D print Remedy Entertainment announces two new games Elder Scrolls Online goes free to play this week Google illegally paying women employees less than men, US gov alleges in court A look at the Casio Loopy – a terrible old console you’ve probably never heard of Latest in film, audio and photos htxt.africast – Twitter’s new icons and new movies htxt.africast – Hacking dishwashers, Breath of the Wild and the Journey to Un’Goro htxt.africast – Wildlands, Digital Skills for Africa and that Spur video The opinion pieces Before you pre-order the S8 ask yourself, do you really need it? Let’s talk about Pewdiepie and “inappropriate” content on YouTube What South Africa can learn from India’s fintech innovations for the poor How job creation in Africa can replace jobs lost due to robotic and software automation Happy 10th birthday, iPhone htxt.africa is... Privacy policy & cookies Some important things you should know about this site. We do use third party cookies on this site – most notably from Google – primarily for the purposes of advertising. The neat thing about these are that you can opt out yourself over at Google’s HQ, if you read through these pages on the DoubleClick cookie in particular. Other advertising partners (such as AdClick Africa) may also drop a cookie on your machine. We also use an analytics cookie from Google. Like all web servers, your IP address is logged when you visit htxt.africa in order that we can track traffic, but we don’t share these with anyone, ever. Email addresses collected for our daily newsletter, competition entries or discussion accounts are stored purely for that purpose and kept in a POPI compliant manner. We will never share or sell these on, except in the rare incidence of a competition in which our promo partner insists on getting access to entries. In this case, it will be made very clear in the T&Cs for that compo that this will happen. You should probably check this notice at regular intervals as it’s likely to be updated soon. Complaints and corrections Unlike many news sites, we don’t necessarily proclaim that our reporting will always be unbiased, although we do maintain that most of the time it is. We do, however, take every effort to ensure that our reporting is accurate and fair to all sides in a story. If you would like to contact us regarding a story which you feel is incorrect, unrepresentative or out and out defamatory, please contact us using the email address [email protected] . We’re happy to discuss story details with you and, where appropriate, publish valid corrections as soon as possible. Who makes htxt.africa? Our writers’ bios are all over here. It’s a team of rather unparalleled experience and enthusiasm in every field. Get in touch Our contact form is over here, but if you prefer to do things the old fashioned way, you can email us here, or even write to us at: htxt.africa Hypertext Media 102 on 11th Avenue Highlands North 2192 Johannesburg South Africa And if you’re really old school, call us on 011 023 8005. Got a story tip? You can contact us via this form, and we’ll be updating with PGP and secure details soon. About htxt.africa htxt.africa is South Africa’s newest and most exciting tech blog, covering everything from the top end of government IT investment and spending down to maker culture, hackspaces and – well, generally – fun. We cover far more of the latter than the former, in fact, and aim to make this the number one community for genuinely interesting stuff that’s coming from South Africa and the rest of the continent. We love games, 3D printers, start-ups and innovative apps that will save the world. We believe that all across the continent, tech is making a difference to people’s lives in ways that are revolutionising living and working. htxt.africa was born of the absolute certainty that there’s a tremendous amount of stuff that’s going on, and no-one is covering this stuff with the care, attention and enthusiasm that it deserves. You can read all about us over here. Mobile features Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: Features, pricing and local availability Xiaomi Redmi 4A review: Illusions of grandeur The Nokia 3310 is back Sony’s Xperia XZ Premium boasts a 4K screen and 960 FPS slowmo Huawei Mate 9 review: Six inches (almost) of sheer brilliance The reviews PS VR Worlds Review – This one should’ve been free EVE: Valkyrie Review – Gorgeous, if rather empty space Before you pre-order the S8 ask yourself, do you really need it? Moto Z Play review – Good clean Android fun costs a lot Ghost in the Shell review: A new standard for live-action adaptations To read more stories, click here... All original words & media by htxt.africa by htxt.media are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at htxt.africa. Where images and material are supplied by rights holders outside of htxt.media, original publishing licences are indicated and unaffected. Follow us on Twitter Find out what's happening, right now. Follow us for breaking news and intelligent debate in under 140 characters. Be a fan on Facebook Join us on Facebook for even more stories, links and lively discussions. 11332 Blog Posts 913 Impala spotted No, you are the best No wildebeest were harmed in the making of this website. About htxt.africa htxt.africa is… Contact htxt.africa Suggest a story Startups Games Makers Tech ▼ Games Hardware Software Features ▼ Women Blog Events How to Opinion Competitions Forum Press office
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Wed, April 12, 2017 | 16:10 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English IT Foreign enterprises fear aftershock of Oracle back tax Posted : 2017-04-11 17:48 Updated : 2017-04-11 20:53 By Yoon Sung-won All eyes are on global enterprises such as Google, Apple and Cisco after Oracle was charged with heavy back taxes by the tax authority here over alleged tax-dodging practices, according to the industry, Tuesday. Government data shows that taxes collected from foreign enterprises here settled at about 5.27 trillion won ($4.6 billion) in 2015, down 35.1 percent from 8.12 trillion won in 2012, despite the massive profits they generated in Korea. Tax authorities have been urged to tighten monitoring on foreign companies and their tax-paying practices to uncover the reason for the decrease. Against this backdrop, the NTS reportedly slapped a back tax of over 310 billion won on Oracle Korea. Expectations are other global enterprises such as Google, Apple and Cisco could be the next targets of the National Tax Service (NTS). "The NTS has been closely looking into multinational companies and their subsidiaries in Korea over their taxpaying and transferring of gains," a tax policy expert said. "There are multiple loopholes in Korea's laws on foreign firms and their taxation, which some companies seemingly exploited to dodge taxes," an industry source said. "Taking Oracle's case as an opportunity, the authority should strengthen monitoring of possible illegalities for the sake of taxation justice." With regard to Oracle Korea, the tax authority claimed the company sidestepped corporate taxes by shifting over 2 trillion won of gains it has generated in the Korean market between 2008 and 2014 to a tax haven in Ireland. Protesting the NTS, Oracle Korea filed a suit with the Seoul Administrative Court this February, calling for the cancellation of the measure. Besides Oracle, many other global enterprises such as Google, Apple and Cisco have been accused of avoiding or shrinking taxes in controversial fashions. Many multinational companies headquartered in the United States are basically subjected to heavy U.S. corporate taxes reaching 35 percent. For this reason, some of them have chosen to save the taxes by transferring the profit rights to a subsidiary in one of many tax havens such as Ireland, Bermuda and the Virgin Islands. According to the Korea Mobile Internet Business Association, Google gained 4.5 trillion won in Korea last year by operating Google Play, the mobile application market for Android devices. The association also expects Google Play will generate more than 5 trillion won of revenue this year. Google has aggregated the profits in its Google Play business here to those made in other countries, thus paying less in taxes here. As a limited liability company Google Korea thus is not obligated to share information about its earnings and taxpaying. "Google follows the laws and pays all applicable taxes in Korea. The Korean government recently completed an audit of Google Korea and found that the company is in compliance," Google Korea said. Cisco, which is the dominant provider of network equipment in Korea, has made its smaller local distribution partners directly make deals with its U.S. headquarters or suppliers in other countries. This way, the company registers its sales here to a branch in a country with a low tax rate, according to industry sources. Globally, such methods have been called the "base erosion and profit shifting" and tax authorities around the globe have long discussed an effective way of preventing this practice. yoonsw@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter Is US pre-emptive strike on N. Korea imminent? [Q&As] Korea is 'republic of coffee' US steps up pressure on N. Korea Passenger dragged bleeding from overbooked United Airlines plane [VIDEO] N. Korea vows to take 'toughest' military actions as US sends aircraft carrier Ten MUST-VISIT spring flower festivals in Korea Don't panic! North Korea is not Syria Park sticks with lawyer who failed to defend her Emergence of 'April crisis' Retaliation spreads to non-Chinese soil Foal Eagle exercise Hazy Seoul No sale to Chinese Fine dust blanket Random candidacy Ostensible friends Worries over Taegeukgi Surprise! VX nerve agent used in assassination of Kim: police Dongwha Group Chairman awarded Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech News / Qualcomm counters Apple’s $1bn lawsuit, denies anti-competitive claims Qualcomm counters Apple’s $1bn lawsuit, denies anti-competitive claims Matthew Wilson 18 hours ago Featured Tech News, General Tech Back in January, Qualcomm was blindsided by not one but two massive lawsuits involving Apple. One from the US Federal Trade Commission and another from Apple itself. Qualcomm already responded to the FTC’s lawsuit last week and now this week, the chip maker is hitting back at Apple’s case, claiming that Apple has been undermining Qualcomm’s business and misrepresenting the performance of its chips. In its counterclaim against Apple, Qualcomm accused Apple of encouraging international regulators to file their own lawsuits against the company. Qualcomm also claims that its patents were essential to the iPhone’s success, also stating that its license rates were fair. Qualcomm’s patent licensing business has come under fire recently, with antitrust investigations launching in South Korea and the USA. In its legal complaint, Apple claims Qualcomm abused its position to overcharge Apple royalties, something that Qualcomm has outright denied in its counterclaim. According to Qualcomm, the company went out of its way to offer Apple alternatives in its licensing negotiations, which were all rejected. Aside from that, the final interesting piece of information to come out of Qualcomm’s countersuit is the claim that Apple falsely claims that there was “no discernable difference” between LTE chips provided by Qualcomm and those provided by Intel. Apple had used both companies as suppliers of LTE modems for the iPhone 7 but allegedly limited performance of the Qualcomm chip for the sake of parity. Apple has not commented on Qualcomm’s recent claims yet. KitGuru Says: It seems that things are getting ugly between Apple and Qualcomm, though this will just be the beginning. Much like the Apple V Samsung lawsuit, this one may drag out over the course of several years. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple lawsuit news qualcomm Previous AMD Ryzen 5 1600X (6C12T) CPU Review Next AMD’s Ryzen 5 processors have officially launched Check Also Las Vegas to get 30,000 square foot eSports venue in 2018 Allied Esports International and MGM Resorts International have penned a deal to create “the first … Rocky40 Qualcomm is said to be anti competitive that’s a good one considering Apple is one of the most anti competitive companies out there if they can’t beat another company they sue them and try to get the other companies products removed form the market. Anyone that don’t think so just google it enough said. Tyler Nolan Have you constantly gained millions of dollars without offering it for sale anything at all and also left out spending time on almost any mlm marketing kind of work and one never has to make an investment any-thing. I must tell you a venture in which pretty much all software is definitely provied to you and also its quite a simple in addition to incredibly easy work. No need to start your personal domain names etc., everything will be delivered to you completely free. Folks are likely to head over to your internet site and you will benefit from getting money for that. It really is so simple as that. I’m taking home some huge cash from a home office from this job really like $20 thousand a month or maybe more if you too wants to earn same as that then follow these specific relatively easy details by exploring this page >>>>> OLAURL.COM/15cnm Polls Which CPU air cooler next? Antec Arctic be quiet! Cooler Master Noctua Phanteks Thermaltake Sorry - Liquid only View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News A new global powerhouse takes center-stage in spoken audio and digital media distribution technology RBmedia brings together numerous brands to deliver consumers engaging digital content – including audiobooks, educational courses, entertainment titles, and much more LANDOVER, Md., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today marks the launch of RBmedia, a global leader in spoken audio content and digital media distribution technology. As both a producer and distributor of bestselling works, RBmedia counts more than 700,000 digital content titles in its portfolio, including everything from audiobooks to eMagazines, courses, comics, games, and many others. Through the company’s technology platform, consumers around the world can access premium digital media titles from their smartphones, tablets, Android Auto™ and Apple CarPlay™, Apple Watch®, connected homes, and computers.  RBmedia can now reach more consumers than any competitor. „RBmedia is the only company that brings together all three key elements of spoken audio and digital media distribution,” says Tom MacIsaac, Chief Executive Officer of RBmedia. „Not only do we produce top-quality spoken audio content, we’ve also built a digital media technology platform to deliver hundreds of thousands of digital media titles, and we reach millions of consumers around the world through numerous channels. No one else in the industry has that kind of depth and breadth across both spoken audio and digital media distribution.” Uniting global leaders in digital media Backed by Shamrock Capital, a leading media and entertainment private equity firm, RBmedia now reaches millions of consumers across 38 countries and brings together eight leading brands in two areas: publishing and distribution platforms. RBmedia’s worldwide publishing imprints include Recorded Books, HighBridge Audio, Tantor Media, ChristianAudio, W.F. Howes (UK), and Wavesound (Australia). The company’s distribution platforms reach consumers: Directly via its newly acquired Audiobooks.com platform (also announced today) Through 10,000+ library partners, enabling library patrons to enjoy premium digital content — regardless of their ability to pay Via consumer digital resellers like Amazon Audible® Exclusive titles, the best authors, and an array of digital media RBmedia is the largest audiobook publisher in the world.  Its proprietary catalog of more than 30,000 premium titles includes works by Danielle Steel, J.R.R. Tolkien, Dean Koontz, dozens of Newbery Medal winners, and many other leading authors. To produce its top-quality spoken audio content, RBmedia uses professional narrators, top directors, and award-winning actors. Based on its extensive consumer reach, RBmedia is uniquely positioned to best monetize authors’ works for spoken audio. What’s more, RBmedia leverages advanced technology to identify and bring emerging authors to the spoken audio market. About RBmedia RBmedia is a global leader in spoken audio content and digital media distribution technology that reaches millions of consumers – at home, in the car, and wherever their mobile devices take them. RBmedia produces exclusive titles and delivers the finest digital content – including audiobooks, educational courses, entertainment titles, and much more. Headquartered in Landover, Maryland, RBmedia comprises an ever-expanding group of the best brands in spoken audio content and digital media distribution technology. Find out more at www.rbmediaglobal.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/a-new-global-powerhouse-takes-center-stage-in-spoken-audio-and-digital-media-distribution-technology-300437459.html SOURCE RBmedia Related Links http://www.rbmediaglobal.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kepware Strengthens Core Product Offering with KEPServerEX® V6.1 Next PostNext GlobalSign Joins the Wi-SUN Alliance to Secure Connected Devices in the Smart Utility, Smart City and Internet of Things Markets Search Recent Posts Forbes Ranked Private Company Selects 3CLogic’s CTI Solution Notice of First Quarter 2017 Results and Conference Call SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
