Toggle navigation Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Relationships Fashion & Beauty Video Discussion Board Competitions Shopping You are Here : Home Celebrities Celebrity News Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner for Carpool Karaoke 'Game of Thrones' actresses Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner will star in Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' spin-off. STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN 12 March 2017 Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner will star in Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke'. Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner The 'Game of Thrones' actresses - who play Arya and Sansa Stark in the fantasy TV series - took to the show's Twitter page to share a video of them filming an upcoming episode. They said: "Hey, Sophie and Maisie. Or Maisie and Sophie. And we're at SXSW. and we're about to do Carpool Karaoke for Apple Music!" And a message on the show's account said: "STARKpool Karaoke? Lane of [email protected] and @Maisie_Williams from @GameOfThrones are shooting a #CarpoolKaraoke for @applemusic! (sic)." Last year Apple bought the rights to a TV series based on the popular segment of James Corden's 'Late Late Show'. Eddie Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet software and services, said: "We love music, and 'Carpool Karaoke' celebrates it in a fun and unique way that is a hit with audiences of all ages. It's a perfect fit for Apple Music -- bringing subscribers exclusive access to their favorite artists and celebrities who come along for the ride." 'Late Late Show' producer Ben Winston said: "We couldn't be more excited to be partnering with Apple Music on this exciting new series of 'Carpool Karaoke'. The joy of 'Carpool' is both the intimacy it creates, while seeing the love our passengers have for music. Where better to showcase that than with Apple Music." And CBS' Scott Koondel added: "We're delighted to bring one of the biggest viral hits, 'Carpool Karaoke,' to Apple Music, where our new series will be available on this phenomenally popular subscription service." Tagged in Maisie Williams STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN Female First 2017 Exclusive Videos Competitions Win the Esonic CAM-U7 – A USB stick for... Win a copy of Roger Corman’s Death Race... Win Tickets To The London Film Premiere of... Win tickets to see Sally Morgan at Parr... Win Tickets To See Frank Turner At Goose... Win A Copy Of Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Win a copy of Free State of Jones on DVD or... Win a copy of Anne of Green Gables on DVD Most Popular Ed Sheeran: Game of Thrones Ed Sheeran to star in Game of Thrones Kit Harington outet sich als Pessimist Hot Articles Ranking every Real Housewives of Beverly... Former Emmerdale actor Tony Haygarth dies The Promise: See Oscar Isaac, Charlotte le... Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 The... Gladiator to get a sequel? Power Rangers: Check out two great new... Agony Aunts Please type a name Please type a valid email address Please type a question Ask Yin & Yang Staff Picks Game of Thrones: Why should Daenerys Targaryen sit on The Iron Throne? Sherrie Hewson quits Loose Women Colton Haynes returning to Arrow early in season 5 LGBT representation in television - Are we moving forward? See the cast of Ordinary Lies series 2 in new first look image Kelvin Fletcher leaving Emmerdale Fashion & Beauty Fashion & Beauty Lingerie Entertainment Movies Music TV & Soaps Competitions Books Sport Horoscopes Bizarre Culture Lifestyle Health Food & Drink Parenting Vegan Dream Interpretation Motoring Relationships Relationships Sex Agony Aunt Weddings Horoscopes Celebrities Celebrity News Interviews Royal Family Videos Showbiz (DE) Videos Celebrity Videos Interviews Movies Exclusives Shopping Gift Guide Lingerie News and Sport News and Views Debate Contact Us Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2017 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved. duration : 0.27829s v4.2 - 2017-03-16 22:25:17
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple 10 ScreenFlow tips for beginners [Video] Trending in Apple Drone Diary: The DJI Mavic Pro flies autonomously using the Litchi app Trending in Apple The best writing apps for your Mac, iPad and iPhone Trending in Apple Apple Music vs the competition: How today’s music streaming services compare Trending in Apple Comment: Making sense of the conflicting reports on the iPhone 8’s curved or flat screen Trending in Apple How to stream March Madness live on iPhone, iPad, Mac or Apple TV March 12 AAPL: 139.14 0.46 KGI: Samsung’s Galaxy S8 lacks ‘attractive selling points,’ iPhone 8 will cause drop in sales Chance Miller - Mar. 12th 2017 6:54 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 8 Ming-Chi Kuo Galaxy S8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI is out this weekend with a new investor note, but this one focuses almost entirely on Samsung and its upcoming Galaxy S8 refresh. Nevertheless, there are a couple of tidbits about Apple inside the report… Mujjo Wallet iPhone 7 Case Kuo believes that Samsung will see weaker demand for its Galaxy S8 this than it did for the Galaxy S7 last year. One reason for this is that last year, Samsung essentially released a single flagship device because of the Note 7 debacle. Another reason for slowed demand, however, is that Samsung will face increased competition this year from Apple. Kuo explains in his investor note that the Galaxy S8 lacks “sufficiently attractive selling points” and thus the OLED iPhone could be a “bigger draw for consumers” this year than the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were last year: We project Galaxy S8 shipments of 40-45mn units in 2017F, implying slower momentum compared to Galaxy S7 in 2016 (around 52mn units shipped), attributable to: (1) a one-month difference in comparable sales period; (2) Galaxy S7 was Samsung’s main promotional flagship model in 4Q16 after termination of Galaxy Note 7 due to the battery explosion issue, hence the higher sales base; (3) as Galaxy S8 lacks sufficiently attractive selling points (except full-screen design), the OLED iPhone could well be a bigger draw for consumers. Because of the increased competition from Apple and the flagship iPhone 8 this year, Kuo says he recommends focusing on the sales and supply chain momentum of Apple’s OLED iPhone model. Overall, Kuo believes that Samsung’s Galaxy S8 will have minimal impact on the supply chain. We are conservative on demand for Galaxy S8, and believe its contribution to the supply chain will be limited. Instead we recommend focusing on the sales outlook and supply chain momentum of Apple’s (US) OLED iPhone model. Kuo has offered up a variety of details related to the iPhone 8, including its OLED display, wireless charging, new glass design, and function area. Yesterday, We outlined everything we currently know about the iPhone 8 here. Much has been made about the similarities in design between earlier iPhone 8 mockups and Galaxy S8 leaks. Nevertheless, it doesn’t seem like Kuo thinks a similar design will have any impact on the success of the iPhone 8, but rather a negative impact on the Galaxy S8. For all of the details on the upcoming Galaxy S8, which is expected to be announced during a media event on March 29th, head over to our sister site 9to5Google.   Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Bose QuietComfort 35s Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide Ming-Chi Kuo View THe Guide Galaxy S8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Squarespace ScanSnap Setapp Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist 1Password 6.6.2 Hazel 4.0.9 Lightroom CC 2015.9 and Lightroom 6.9 ChronoSync 4.7.4 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.7 RapidWeaver 7.3 EagleFiler 1.7.4 iFinance 4.2 SpamSieve 2.9.28 TextExpander 6.1.7     Related Articles CES 2017: Gadget Finds on the CES Show Floor, Days 3 and 4 (11 Jan 17) Apple’s Wireless AirPods Were Worth the Wait (20 Dec 16)     Published in TidBITS 1360. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Thinking about Tom Negrino How to Identify High-Performance GPU Apps on the MacBook Pro How to Set Up and Use Airline Boarding Passes in Wallet TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 13 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 13 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 09 Mar 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (9) Half the AirPods for a Tenth the Price by Adam C. Engst Tim Cook called them a “cultural phenomenon.” They’re backordered for six weeks on the Apple online store right now, and some independent Apple resellers tell me they can’t get any to sell. Apple’s new AirPods wireless earbuds are unquestionably an engineering feat, and while reviewers such as our own Julio Ojeda-Zapata and Josh Centers have identified a few weak points, the AirPods are generally well-received (see “Apple’s Wireless AirPods Were Worth the Wait,” 20 December 2016). The main negative is the $159 price, which makes the likelihood of losing or damaging one of the AirPods all the more worrying. While that price may seem high, most of the full-fledged competitors to the AirPods are at least as expensive, if not more so (see “CES 2017: Gadget Finds on the CES Show Floor, Days 3 and 4,” 11 January 2017). So what if I told you that you could buy a competing product for less than a tenth the price? Seriously. Don’t expect it to be as good as the AirPods, not by a long shot, but for somewhere between $5 and $20, you can buy a single Bluetooth earbud that does basically what the AirPods do — put a speaker and microphone in your ear without awkward wires. I first heard about this product category from a Cornell running buddy, Rob Kurcoba, who bought his first earbud from a Chinese reseller on eBay. At only $6.99, it was incredibly cheap, but he had to wait six weeks for it to arrive via slow boat. He paired it with an Android Wear smartwatch that could play music, the Sony Smartwatch 3 SWR50, and started wearing it on his solo runs. Soon, he was evangelizing it to the rest of us when we ran with the High Noon Athletic Club. Amused by his excitement, I looked on Amazon and was amazed to discover that the single-ear Bluetooth earbud had become almost a generic item, with numerous companies selling products that look nearly identical. I chose a $15 Nocobot model that had slightly better reviews than the others and got it a few days later — no need to wait for the slow boat with Amazon. It paired with my iPhone and my Apple Watch, and worked fine for listening to podcasts while doing yard work and a few times while running. This was all before the AirPods came out, and I lost track of it once yard work stopped for the year. But after the AirPods were announced and finally started to trickle out to users, I was a guest on MacBreak Weekly and mentioned the earbud while we were talking about the AirPods. That comment hit a nerve with listeners, generating lots of requests for more details. So here we are! Nocobot Bluetooth Earbud -- The earbud I bought and recommended on MacBreak Weekly was manufactured by a company called Nocobot and sold by another firm called Duto. It cost $14.99 and came with a custom four-inch USB charging cable with a needle-like tip that plugs into a tiny hole in the earbud. In my testing, battery life is about 3.5 hours of audio; I’m not entirely sure how quickly it recharges because there’s no way to check how fully charged it is. The earbud itself is black, and shaped like an old-style hearing aid, in the sense that it’s designed to fit snugly into your right ear. That’s either a plus or a minus, depending on your ear. It fits tightly in my ear — so well, in fact, that I have to pop it out by pulling up on the top of my ear and pushing gently from the back. It feels a little odd initially, but after a few minutes, I stop noticing it. I could easily see it not fitting in someone else’s ear. It fits only in your right ear, and in case my use of the singular hasn’t made this clear, it’s only a single earbud — your left ear remains uncovered. I consider that a plus for running or biking, where covering both ears is dangerous, but it’s a liability for when you want to block the outside world. The earbud has a single button that you use for pairing, toggling power, and starting and stopping audio: Press and hold the button for 5–10 seconds to put it into pairing mode. Press and hold the button for 3–4 seconds to turn it on or off. Press and hold the button for 1–2 seconds to switch its audio feedback between Chinese and English. Press the button quickly to start or stop the audio, or to answer and hang up calls. Press the button twice quickly to redial the last number called. The annoying part of the button is that it’s somewhat stiff, and pressing it means pushing in on your ear, which can be a bit uncomfortable. On the plus side, it’s unlikely to be pushed accidentally in your pocket or bag. Its only other interface is a recorded voice that tells you that it’s powering on or off, that the device is connected, if it’s ready to pair, and when you end a call. It also tells you when the battery is getting low, and I once heard it say “Battery high.” The quality of the audio is good, but not great. I mostly use it for podcasts while working outside, where it’s totally fine. When I first used it to listen to music while running, I experienced some skips and dropouts. I was able to resolve those by moving the Apple Watch to my right wrist or, when I’ve had the iPhone in a waist belt, sliding it around to the right side or front. The volume is loud enough for most environments, but some additional power would have been nice at times. Put bluntly, this is not an audiophile solution. I hadn’t used the Nocobot earbud’s microphone for calls of any sort until writing this article since I very seldom talk on the iPhone. When I called Josh, he reported that I sounded OK, but not great. For me, his audio was nice and clear, though not quite as loud as I would have liked. Using the iPhone’s built-in speaker and mic worked noticeably better for both of us. Our Skype test was less successful, likely due to the slow hotel Wi-Fi network I was using. The earbud can’t invoke or be used with Siri, unfortunately. You’ve probably noticed that I haven’t linked to this earbud yet. That’s because the particular one I bought isn’t available on Amazon anymore. Nor can I find any indication that Nocobot and Duto are even in business. We’re talking about sketchy Chinese companies here — that’s why it’s so cheap. However, the $14.99 G-Cord Ultra Lightweight Wireless Bluetooth Hands-Free Earbud looks identical, down to the logo on the button, so if you’re looking for one of these, give the G-Cord a try. QCY Q26 Bluetooth Earbud -- After I mentioned the Nocobot earbud on MacBreak Weekly, a listener recommended a competing product from QCY, which is a higher profile brand, to judge from a Google search. At its heart, the QCY Q26 is extremely similar to the Nocobot, being a single-ear Bluetooth earbud controlled by presses on a single button and responding via audio feedback. It costs $13.59 from Amazon and comes in a variety of colors. The QCY Q26 uses a stalk-like industrial design that has pros and cons. On the plus side, it should fit in anyone’s ear, and it comes with three sizes of rubber ear tips so you can choose the one that best matches your ear. That design also enables it to block sound better than the Nocobot earbud. Although it’s designed to go in your right ear, with the button on the top, you can flip it over and put it in your left ear, with the button facing down. It might not work well for calls in that orientation. Either way, the button is easier to press than the Nocobot’s button because you can pinch the QCY Q26 between your fingers while pressing. It’s not all good, though. The stalk design means that it doesn’t fit into your ear nearly as snugly as the Nocobot, and I’d be more concerned about it falling out accidentally. Plus, I find that the rubber ear tip blocks so much external noise that it almost feels like my ear has water in it — it’s somewhere between disconcerting and uncomfortable. (The Nocobot doesn’t block the ear canal as much, avoiding that situation.) The QCY Q26’s button is easily pressed in your pocket or bag, which can turn it on and run the battery down inadvertently or even pocket dial if it’s pressed twice in quick succession. Battery life isn’t quite as good as the Nocobot, at about 3 hours in my testing. The QCY Q26 comes with a micro USB cable for charging, and it plugs into a port on the other side of the earbud from the button. The port has a cover that’s devilishly hard to open; I can get it open only with the sharp point of a safety pin. Controlling the QCY Q26 is almost identical to the Nocobot, with a long press to put it into pairing mode, shorter presses to turn it on and off, quick presses to control audio or answer/hang up calls, and double presses to redial the last number. The audio feedback is similar too, though it doesn’t seem to talk in Chinese. Audio quality in comparison with the Nocobot is both better and worse. The QCY Q26 has a bit more oomph, and when Josh and I tested the microphone quality, he reported that it was a little better, but still reminiscent of AM radio. The rubber ear tip does block more ambient noise too. However, music sounded a bit muddier, and at least in my test unit, there’s a quiet background hiss. You don’t hear it when audio is playing at any significant volume, but it’s noticeable when the volume is very low or off. Plus, when I tried to use it while running with my iPhone in a waist belt, audio cut in and out enough that I stopped and swapped it for the Nocobot. It was fine when I used it to listen to music while standing at my desk, however. Making a Choice -- I won’t pretend that either of these earbuds is anywhere near as good as Apple’s AirPods. Their Bluetooth pairing can be annoying, audio quality isn’t as good, battery life is shorter, it’s more difficult to plug in their charging cables, their microphone quality is weak, and neither supports Siri or voice commands. And heck, you only get one, something that AirPods allow but don’t require. But these earbuds are so cheap that you may not care. I wrote this while at the ASMC Summit, a conference for independent Apple resellers, and when I showed these two little earbuds to one attendee, he said that he didn’t even bring his AirPods to the conference for fear of losing them. Just as the best digital camera is the one in your pocket, the best earbud is the one you have with you. Also, I’m talking about a category that contains much more than these two entrants. When you search for “Bluetooth earbud” on Amazon, you’ll see a variety of comparable products with slightly different industrial designs that you might find more compelling. Some are as cheap as $5, and there’s no reason I can see to spend more than $20 given how similar they look. I wouldn’t expect any of them to last for all that long, and they’d be easy to lose, but a super low price makes up for a lot of sins. My friend Rob, who got me started with these earbuds a year ago, tells me that he has since bought eight more, four of which he’s given away to family and friends. Of those he kept, he lost two and one broke, but at $7 each, he doesn’t feel bad about it. So hey, if you’re looking for a cheap wireless audio solution for one ear, give one of these earbuds a try. It’s not a big investment if it doesn’t work, and you might be pleasantly surprised.   Smile makes tools so you can have a productive day. PDFpen: Massage your PDFs into shape on Mac, iPhone, and iPad. TextExpander: Automate typing on Mac, Windows (in beta), iPad, and iPhone. Free trials and friendly support. <http://smle.us/smile-tb>   Comments about Half the AirPods for a Tenth the Price To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If Apple’s AirPods are just too pricey for you, and you’re looking for an inexpensive wireless audio solution, Adam Engst has identified a category of cheap, single-ear Bluetooth earbuds that are worthy of consideration. Just don’t expect AirPods quality from a device that costs between $5 and $20. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment David Gustavson  2017-03-09 13:57 I like this stereo pair, connected by a wire that also provides a handy way to keep track of them hanging around your neck when not using one or both. (Run the wire behind your head.) I had no problem pairing. They work similarly to the ones reported on above. Maybe a bit too loud by default, but phone controls handle that easily. About $22. https://smile.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LWZ6XZA/ref=yo_ii_img?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Reply David Meyers  2017-03-10 17:11 If you don't mind a wire between the buds, there are several terrific options for around $30 or so on Amazon. I really like the SoundPEATS Q12 (in the ear) and Q9A (loop over the ear - very very secure) a lot. They've got a true wireless pair - which look identical to the Q9A but without the wire between the two - for about $50. Audio quality is quite good. Unfortunately, they both stink for phone calls. It's the phone call quality which is really making me consider AirPods. For calls, I use a Plantronics Voyager Edge (and when you think about pricing -- that Edge is about half the price of a pair of AirPods, which makes the AirPods not seem quite so outrageous.) Reply Floyd Bloom  2017-03-13 20:28 While you are considering SoundPEATS take a look at the QY7 version-- excellent audio, great stay in the ear fit, and inexpensive as well at Amazon-- SoundPEATS QY7 Bluetooth 4.1 Wireless 6 Hours Play-time Noise Cancelling Sport In-Ear Stereo Earphones with Mic (Black) Reply Josh Centers   2017-03-14 10:37 I covered the QY7 previously, actually based on Floyd's recommendation. https://tidbits.com/article/16774 Reply Scott  2017-03-14 07:33 Hmmm... sticking a rechargeable battery from a fly-by-night company in my ear? Great place for a battery fire. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-14 11:58 Brings new meaning to "My ears are burning!" :-) I can't find any indication that anyone has ever had such a problem, and the batteries are awfully small, so I'd be surprised if could happen. Reply Scott  2017-03-15 18:52 It's like I was predicting the future! http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/03/15/520269673/womans-headphones-caught-fire-midflight-australian-authorities-say Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-16 09:14 Hah—I saw that yesterday too! Given that your email address starts with "heimdall," I suppose extraordinary senses would be among your super powers. Reply Jim Schmidt  2017-03-15 14:11 I have one of the millions of knock-offs of that single ear bud. I got it off of Amazon for maybe $8. It's a perfectly acceptable speaker for my intended uses - out running or driving in the car. I've had it with me on numerous 5k runs, and never once worried about losing it. The quality is decent - I'm no audiophile, so I'm not one to ask about specifics. But I have it to keep my pace and check my stats (and listen to my phone when I'm in our Bluetoothless, AUX-less car), and it functions in that regard perfectly. I will note that it does play both channels of audio in that one speaker, so you don't lose half of your music to a missing earbud, which is nice. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If Apple’s AirPods are just too pricey for you, and you’re looking for an inexpensive wireless audio solution, Adam Engst has identified a category of cheap, single-ear Bluetooth earbuds that are worthy of consideration. Just don’t expect AirPods quality from a device that costs between $5 and $20. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Sun Savers News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport Cheltenham Festival TV & Showbiz News Living Motors Travel Sun Savers Sun Bets All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science SHAF RASUL The Smart thing to do is to sort out patents as our fascination with faster, shinier mobile devices grows Phone companies are no strangers to battling it out for supremacy Comment By Shaf Rasul 13th March 2017, 1:18 am Updated: 13th March 2017, 1:54 am Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments MILLIONAIRE Shaf Rasul is  our brilliant business columnist. The star of Dragons’ Den Online knows the economy and enterprise inside out — and can help with YOUR ideas and problems. THE launch of the latest smartphone model has become major news in recent times — such is our fascination with faster, shinier mobile devices that boast ever more sophisticated features. No longer do new phones simply just appear on shelves. They are “events”, in that very modern sense. 3 The competition over Smartphones is fierce Industry launches represent only the culmination of a long build-up of hype, characterised by an initial frenzy of anticipation, then followed by conjecture, rumour-mongering and insider leaks. Make no mistake, it’s serious business for many people, whether that be the manufacturers themselves, forensic-level analysis from the online geeks, or the media machine that’s grown up around the mobile tech industry. So it is with the expected launch of the Samsung S8 on March 29 in New York, ending months of excited speculation over what may well be its best device yet. The existence of the coming device was first confirmed in January when Samsung filed the name with the US Patent and Trademark Office. Indeed, while the hype begins long before the launch, for the manufacturers there’s a much longer process behind the scenes of ensuring that their smartphone design is as robust as possible, matched by watertight patenting of features. MOST READ IN NEWS HER LIFE WAS JUST BEGINNING Scots student, 22, tragically dies just three months before final exams having been offered dream job FRIGHTENED AND ALONE Horrific images show poor dog hit by train as it ran onto tracks after owners dumped it outside Dogs Trust in Glasgow READY, STEADY, GO! Aldi warns Scots to 'be quick' if they want a £3.99 candle that 'smells EXACTLY' like Jo Malone Davidson shock new favourite Ruth Davidson is shock favourite to be next Scottish First Minister IN THE DOG HOUSE Husband calls cops after finding his wife filming herself having sex with their pet Labrador SCHOOLGIRL FOUND DEAD Body is found in park just half an hour after 'beautiful' 15-year-old girl was reported missing from home GANG HEIR DEAD Godfather Arthur Thompson's junkie son Billy found dead - marking the end of an era for the Scots criminal empire SEVEN-YEAR SAGA Final decision on oldco Rangers seven-year 'big tax case' in sight as day one of appeal comes to an end TAX DODGERS JAILED Scots couple funded luxury holidays and drove Range Rovers after dodging almost £1MILLION in tax BLUE MOVIE Randy woman caught on camera performing sex act on man in back row of cinema in middle of the afternoon WIND TURBINE HORROR Man, 37, plummets to his death while working on giant turbine at wind farm in Dumfries and Galloway Left to die Teen, 16, starved to death 'after being neglected by her adoptive parents' was found wearing a filthy adult nappy because she wasn’t allowed to go to the toilet The S8 is thought to boast more powerful hardware than any previous device, not to mention Samsung’s most striking handset yet thanks to an attractive edge-to-edge display. Interestingly, it is also thought that the S8 could take a few design cues from Apple — undoubtedly Samsung’s biggest rival for global smartphone supremacy. New reports indicate that Samsung has been granted a European Union patent for earphones that are able to sync with companion smartphones through improved Bluetooth technology. In other words, they’re wireless — just like Apple’s AirPods which were launched last year to much fanfare, and then in some quarters, derision. Many long-term Apple users lambasted the move as they suspected that the expensive buds would be easily mislaid while the iPhone7 saw the popular headphone jack phased out, so some felt they were being forced to make the change. It’s therefore a risky move for Samsung to follow suit, but what of the potential legal implications? Samsung and Apple are certainly no strangers to battling it out over patent infringement — they’ve been doing it for quite some time — and holding a patent in one region doesn’t necessarily mean that it is held elsewhere. Potentially then, that can mean multiple court actions across multiple regions. Indeed, Samsung and Apple have been entangled in more than 50 lawsuits around the globe since 2011, with billions of dollars in damages being contested. The battle will no doubt rage on –— and that’s why it’s so important as a business to secure your intellectual property from the outset, whether you’re an established big player or a startup finding your way. If you invest properly in this area, then you should be robustly protected, while sending a strong message to competitors that you were there first. Scotland is full of innovative and forward-thinking businesses whose brands are truly iconic and they wouldn’t be where they are without having fiercely protected their intellectual property. I believe it’s essential that we have a strong strategy in place for protecting our ideas, and as such I work with Scottish intellectual property specialists Marks & Clerk. The firm has ensured that any new ideas or products of mine are followed by the swift filing of patents and trade marks, and therefore I am able to count on the most effective protection possible. It is an example of a successful Scottish firm facilitating the success of others. As world-beaters like Apple know, innovation and that elusive creative spark are only the beginning for businesses. True success is determined by those who carefully secure and protect their ideas. Youngster boost to business 3 Young workers have a whole host of opportunities I WAS pleased to see a raft of exciting opportunities for young workers being revealed in conjunction with the launch of Scottish Apprenticeship Week. Up to 27,000 will benefit from apprenticeship employment opportunities this year, according to the Scottish Government. That’s brilliant news for youngsters that are not interested in going down the traditional route of university, but still want the opportunity to further their career. The figure is 1,000 higher than last year’s target for apprenticeship starts which is particularly encouraging given new research that indicates almost a quarter of Scottish students would consider an apprenticeship as a route of employment after school. University doesn’t suit everyone, and although Scottish students are fortunate enough to enjoy free tuition fees, it still involves a major undertaking, often including part-time jobs to at least partly meet related costs. One of the main benefits of modern apprenticeships is the ability to earn money straight away whilst learning, and the advantage of gaining work skills as soon as possible. Better still, many apprenticeships guarantee a good wage for two to three years and the possibility of a job after graduation. Scottish businesses who intend to be sustainable and move with the times should offer apprenticeships which will ultimately help grow their business. Scotland currently enjoys the second lowest youth unemployment in Europe, so our youngsters are doing incredibly well amid an exciting and ever-growing talent pool. With such a strong performance and new apprenticeships, the future looks bright for our industries. Festival is best by smiles 3 Kevin Bridges will be appearing in Comedy Festival YOU will not be short of laughs this week as the Glasgow International Comedy Festival kicks off in no doubt hilarious style. The festival, in its 15th year, runs right up until March 26, with venues taking part right across the city. Expect big laughs from Scottish and UK comedians including Al Murray, Des Clarke, Ray Bradshaw and Kevin Bridges. The festival offers a significant groundswell of home-grown talent that will not only please comedy fans but local businesses too, who will be cheering with joy as they can expect to be much busier this week with an influx of crowds. Make sure you get involved — this year’s line-up is not to be missed and the brilliant atmosphere means it’ll be the place to be. It makes me cry WE are continually told how great it is to buy Scottish products but it seems consumers aren’t holding up their end of the bargain in some aspects. Despite Scotland being so well known for its seafood industry, exporting to more than 70 countries, a majority of us are simply not eating enough seafood and ignoring the related health benefits. Lots of us have ailments which could be helped by eating fish — yet we are still not taking advantage of the fish on our doorstep. It’s so important that we support the future of our seafood industry, and health experts say that eating at least two pieces of fish a week can go a long way to helping yourself and our hard-working fishermen. As Shaf… your questions answered Dear Shaf, I’VE recently had a few negative reviews on my Amazon store for products I sell. I’ve spoken to Amazon and they are unwilling to remove them. I am quite annoyed as I had 100 per cent positive feedback prior to these being left. Aside from paying customers to remove the reviews is there any other quick fixes to have them taken down? SHAF SAYS: I think you are getting over concerned about this. In business it is impossible to make everyone happy. Even companies such as Apple have critical reviews. The negative reviews give you a chance to improve your product and service. Use this valuable feedback to improve your business. Once you have done this respond publicly to the reviews with your actions. Under no circumstances should you offer any financial inducement to the reviewers to remove their feedback as if Amazon find out they will close your account. Dear Shaf, I have started working from home selling products online. I have registered as self-employed with HMRC and I have business insurance and my landlord has given me permission. The bulk of my orders are done by a fulfilment company, is there anything else I should do? SHAF SAYS: I am assuming when you say the bulk of your deliveries are being done by a fulfilment company you may get the occasional delivery to your house. Have a chat with your neighbours and let them know what you are doing. You should also inform your local authority that you are running a business from home. Assuming you are not filling your garage and house with stock, this should be a mere formality. We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun Online? Email us at scottishsundigital@news.co.uk or call 0141 420 5266 Send your problems to the Dragons’ Den star. Email: shaf@the-sun.co.uk The Sun Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive Kenny in frame Rangers hitman Kenny Miller in the running to be Pedro Caixinha's No3 Football SIMPLY THE WORST Rangers-daft singer Amy Macdonald slaughters Ibrox star and brands him 'one of the worst players EVER' Football HER LIFE WAS JUST BEGINNING Scots student, 22, tragically dies just three months before final exams having been offered… News Icing on the cake? Bake Off's new line-up is announced with Prue Leith, Sandi Toksvig and surprise choice Noel Fielding TV & Showbiz Exclusive King breaks silence Dave King has promised he WILL back Pedro Caixinha in the transfer market Football Graphic warning FRIGHTENED AND ALONE Horrific images show poor dog hit by train as it ran onto tracks after owners dumped it outside Dogs… News READY, STEADY, GO! Aldi warns Scots to 'be quick' if they want a £3.99 candle that 'smells EXACTLY' like Jo Malone News Davidson shock new favourite Ruth Davidson is shock favourite to be next Scottish First Minister News Exclusive Pay-off battle Mark Warburton's legal fight with Rangers will continue - despite landing Forest job Football IN THE DOG HOUSE Husband calls cops after finding his wife filming herself having sex with their pet Labrador News WHISTLE-WOO Holly Willoughby left red-faced as Play To The Whistle presenter Jake Humphrey admits they 'slept together' TV & Showbiz WARB OF WORDS Mark Warburton vows that all the details of his controversial Rangers 'resignation' will come out Football SCHOOLGIRL FOUND DEAD Body is found in park just half an hour after 'beautiful' 15-year-old girl was reported missing from… News Exclusive GANG HEIR DEAD Godfather Arthur Thompson's junkie son Billy found dead - marking the end of an era for the Scots criminal… News SEVEN-YEAR SAGA Final decision on oldco Rangers seven-year 'big tax case' in sight as day one of appeal comes to an end News Just Published Ranger Danger Ex-Power Ranger Ricardo Medina Jr admits killing his roommate with a Conan the Barbarian-style sword News Why it wasn't murder The prosecution and defence sum up in Kate's murder trial - now the jury must decide... Football DREAM CATCHER Rob Kardashian 'vows to fight for dual custody' of daughter Dream as split with Blac Chyna turns nasty TV & Showbiz NETTY BUT NICE Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach looks buoyant as she poses on Florida beach in a mesh white swimwear TV & Showbiz 'Where was the tranquiliser gun?' Fury as trainee airport dog is SHOT DEAD on runway after it delayed flights when it… News WRONG PHARAOH A colossal statue pulled from a Cairo slum does NOT represent Ramses II but a different pharaoh News Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News On BizWireTV: Viacom, Chipotle Shakes Up Leadership Team and Shazam Expands Beyond Music NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV, Viacom announces that it has discontinued the exploration of a potential combination with CBS following receipt of National Amusements’ letter and request. In addition, Bob Bakish was appointed as Viacom’s new CEO, effective immediately. Now you can watch BizWireTV, and the latest breakthroughs in tech from the biggest brands on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/business-wire-pr-news/id1104136311?mt=8 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.frankly.channel.BIZWIRE&hl=en Catch the weekly series that showcases the hottest news stories published over Business Wire’s distribution network. Watch the full episode for more stories including Chipotle, Luxottica, Twitch, Amazon and more on BizWireTV – featuring the Top Five Most-Shared Stories of the Week. Sponsored Headline: LeddarTech Showcases 2D and 3D Solid-State LiDARs for Mass-Market Autonomous Driving Deployments Top of the Wire: Improbable Joins Forces with Google to Empower Developers to Build New Online Gaming Experiences Quick Biz Hits: National Grid Customers Are the First in the U.S. to Receive Offshore Wind Power (LSE:NG; NYSE:NGG) Duracell Hosts Galactic Experience for Children’s Hospital Los Angeles Launch Pad: iFit Launches iFit Coach, The First Ever Smart Health Hub Shazam Announces Integration with Snapchat New Groupon Survey Finds that 3 out of 4 Americans Fake Reactions to Gifts They Don’t Like (NASDAQ:GRPN) And the Top 5 Most Shared Stories of the Week: Orbital ATK Set to Launch Pegasus Rocket Carrying NASA’s CYGNSS Spacecraft (NYSE:OA) Chipotle Founder Steve Ells Returns to Sole CEO Role; Outlines Plans for Company’s Future (NYSE:CMG) The Coca-Cola Company Announces Senior Leadership Succession Plan (NYSE:KO) American Express Increases Parental Leave and Family Benefits for U.S. Employees Beginning January 1, 2017 (NYSE:AXP) Viacom Appoints Bob Bakish CEO (NASDAQ:VIAB, VIA) A core component of the video programming is news-related data analysis powered by Business Wire’s NewsTrak reports and NUVI social media tracking. BizWireTV is hosted by Erin Ade. Watch for new episodes each Friday available on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00am BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 3:00pm Click here to share BizWireTV’s latest episode on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/1c7bZ About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#BizWireTV, $AXP, $CMG, $GRPN, $KO, $NG, $NGG, $oa, $VIA, $VIAB, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, Headlines, Health, Home and Garden, hospital, Industry, leave, Markets, Music, NASA, rocket, spacecraft Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BizWireTV Accelerator Report: AxonVR Secures Funding to Create a ‘Hands-On’ VR Experience and a STEM-Friendly Bot for Kids Next PostNext New Paper Reveals Best Practices in Promoting Secured Media and Editorial Coverage across Social Channels Search Recent Posts Judge Announces Intention To Confirm Peabody Energy Plan Of Reorganization, Paving Way For Emergence AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal The 8th China (Guangrao) International Rubber Tire & Auto Accessory Exhibition is set to take place Reed Exhibitions Greater China Views 2017 With A Positive Outlook American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP Announces Sale of Hotel Property and March 2017 U.S. Dollar Cash Distribution Proudly powered by WordPress
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Listen To Every Edition Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Listen To Every Edition Movies Deals Explore New Thrills From Patterson, Baldacci. Plus: Grab A Mystery for $3.99 … Or Less! Share Tweet Don’t Miss This: Harry Potter: 8-Movie Bundle. Now Just: £19.99 HD. #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews Now Available To Pre-Order On iBooks: ‘The CARTEL 7’ Apple’s Next Event Pegged for Early April, New iPads Expected Apple Explore New Thrills From Patterson, Baldacci. Plus: Grab A Mystery for $3.99 … Or Less! By Arron Hirst 13th Mar 17 1:19 am Share Tweet Sending out two new blasts to iBooks lovers, Apple kicked up its efforts to highlight the best of iBooks another notch over the weekend, as it cited brand new and thrilling reads from the likes of James Patterson, David Baldacci … and more. The first specifically focused on Michael Crichton’s Dragon Teeth – a thrilling adventure set in the Wild West during the golden age of fossil hunting, alongside new David Baldacci offering: The Fix, as the firm continued to highlight limited time flash-deals on a whole host of other reads, including: The Cruelest Month by Louise Penny, The Snowman by Jo Nesbø, and The Last Refuge by Ben Coes. In addition to the above, Apple is also making some serious noise around a promotion currently running over in the states – which is seeing readers able to Grab A Mystery for $3.99 (or Less) … as it notes that you’ll likely also love these popular reads: The Girl Before, Right Behind You and Blackout. Browse the full list of Books for $3.99 or Less. Plus – if you happen to digg a good mystery or thriller, you may want to pick up the First in a Series … now FREE for a limited time. … and of course, it wouldn’t be an iBooks mailshot in March without also throwing at least some light on the upcoming instalment in Paula Hawkins’ gripping series of thrillers: Into the Water, which is now available to pre-order ahead of its expected release on May 2. So now that you’re fully caught up with what’s new and breaking in the world of iBooks, why not go and check them out for yourself! More info iPhone + iPad iBooks FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Don’t Miss This: Harry Potter: 8-Movie Bundle. Now Just: £19.99 HD. #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews Now Available To Pre-Order On iBooks: ‘The CARTEL 7’ Apple’s Next Event Pegged for Early April, New iPads Expected Related Topics:2017, Baldacci, Ben Coes, Books, David Baldacci, Deals, Featured, First in a Series, First in Series, Grab A Mastery for $3.99 or Less, Great Books, Great Reads, Hurry, iBooks, Into the Water, James Patterson, Jo Nesbø, Limited Time, March, New Reads, Patterson, Paula Hawkins, Promotion, Slashed, The Cruelest Month, The Last Refuge, The Snowman, Thrilling Reads, U.S Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Apple Apple New Apple Ads: iPad Pro, Welcome Home and Sticker Fight By Arron Hirst16th Mar 17 12:53 am Ahead of its yet-to-be-announced (and now expected) Spring media event, Apple has released a number of... App Store A Storm is Coming: “App-pocalypse” To See Nearly 200,000 Apps Culled By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 7:23 am That’s according to Mashable who cites new research provided by app analytics company, Sensor Tower. Apple Controversy Hits iTunes Pre-Order Of U2’s ‘The Joshua Tree (Super Deluxe)’ By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 6:19 am U2 — remember those guys? The band that singlehandedly broke the internet when Apple decided to... Apple #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 4:45 am The folks at Apple Music and Beats 1 upped-sticks earlier this week to move their operation... Apple Now Available To Pre-Order On iBooks: ‘The CARTEL 7’ By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 3:59 am Expected to see its global release on July 25 – and currently available to pre-order through... Apple Here’s The Machine Apple Uses To Recalibrate Your iPhone [PHOTO] By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 3:23 am Ever wondered how Apple’s Genius staff determine whether or not they can service or repair your... App Store iOS Platformer ‘Golf Zero’ Gains 4.5-Star Rating, Just 24-Hours After Release By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 2:52 am Described as a crazy mix of both golf and platforming, despite only seeing its official release... Apple Steps Return With First New Music in Over 5 Years [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 2:07 am British dance-pop group Steps –perhaps best known for their hits Tragedy and 5-6-7-8, and who originally... Android Careful: Instagram Credential-Stealing Apps Discovered On Google Play By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 1:20 am ESET researchers have discovered 13 new Instagram credential-stealing apps on Google Play, recently also looking into... THE HOT LIST #30 A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Listen Now Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad Euclidean Lands $2.99 The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Email Address Discovered on MUSIC BUY Total Entertainment ForeverFather John Misty Your browser does not support the audio element. Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Passengers (2016) $14.99 BUY Moana (2016) $19.99 BUY Patriots Day $14.99 iMessage Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Disney Stickers: Mickey & Friends $1.99 More info iPhone + iPad Pokémon Pixel Art, Part 1: English Sticker Pack $1.99 Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … Someone Booted Up A Demo Apple Watch. Here’s How Long It Took. [VIDEO] Apple Seeds macOS 10.12.4 (Beta 2) to Developers Apple Reportedly Testing ‘Power Reserve’ Mode for Apple Watch iOS 10.2+ Adds Visual UI for USB Ethernet Adapter Settings Get Started With These Great “Must-Have” Apps for Apple Watch [LIST] ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 387 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: OFWs exempted from travel taxes, terminal fees. Read the full article on the latest issue… https://t.co/K9Y7n0LNHV 5 hours ago New issue is out and grab your FREE copy on our leading newspaper stands spread all over UAE.… https://t.co/gIq86WwF7P 1 day ago RT @JaDineMidEast: AYUN NA NGA PO! 540 VVIP SEATS, UBOS! VIP and GenAd still available 💜 https://t.co/aXgf0WPpbl #AlwaysJaDineDubaiTou… 2 days ago News: Pinoy wins Dubai Top Model Search. Photo courtesy of Cholo Marquez lll facebook account.… https://t.co/AUdfzjt5r1 4 days ago News: House passes death penalty bill on final reading. Check out our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/16BUFZ3qNq 5 days ago Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament March 16, 2017 68 Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 March 16, 2017 64 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title March 16, 2017 60 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title Pacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion Mayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Car enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Global Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title Pacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion Mayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Car enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Global Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet Latest News SPORTSFilipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament SPORTSIntercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 SPORTSLuminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title SPORTSPacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion SPORTSMayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Local NewsCar enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Local NewsGlobal Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet TECHNOLOGYPre-installed malware found on dozens of android phones TECHNOLOGYPokemon Go maker vows to add more top-requested features this year Artists' CircleJean suportado ang death penalty Apple recalls thousands of iPhone 6s in UAE Claire Bautista February 10, 2017 3:07 pm TECHNOLOGY 422 0 DUBAI – Tech giant Apple is set to recall 88,000 iPhone 6s handsets in UAE due to battery issues, a media report stated. According to a khaleejtimes.com report, citing Arabic daily Emarat Al Youm, the UAE’s Ministry of Economy stated that only specific iPhone 6s which contain defective batteries made in China during September and October 2015 will be recalled. Apple has recently expressed that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. If you have experienced this issue, the firm has urged residents to use the serial number checker (www.apple.com/ae/support/iPhone6s-unexpectedshutdown/) if your iPhone 6s is eligible for a battery replacement, free of charge. By: Ryan Namia Facebook Comments Website Comments free pron March 6th, 2017 Reply uT1CQm Many thanks for sharing this excellent post. Very interesting ideas! (as always, btw) London venues March 6th, 2017 Reply I cannot thank you enough for the article post. Really Great. venue finder March 6th, 2017 Reply Thank you ever so for you article post.Thanks Again. Much obliged. rasenpflege March 6th, 2017 Reply Very good article.Much thanks again. Really Cool. Ira March 6th, 2017 Reply Major thanks for the blog article.Much thanks again. s and p tsx composite index March 6th, 2017 Reply Very informative blog post.Much thanks again. replacement windows in allentown pa March 6th, 2017 Reply Thanks so much for the article.Really thank you! Really Cool. Samsung_S5 March 7th, 2017 Reply Right now it seems like Drupal could be the preferred blogging platform available at the moment. (from what I ave read) Is the fact that what you are using in your weblog? culture March 7th, 2017 Reply Just wanna say that this is very useful , Thanks for taking your time to write this. chicago classifieds March 7th, 2017 Reply I think other web-site proprietors should take this website as an model, very clean and great user friendly style and design, let alone the content. You are an expert in this topic! acoustic musician March 7th, 2017 Reply The authoritative message , is tempting toronto stock exchange listings quotes March 7th, 2017 Reply Its hard to find good help I am regularly saying that its difficult to find good help, but here is stock market tools March 7th, 2017 Reply Simply a smiling visitor here to share the love (:, btw outstanding design. Audacity, more audacity and always audacity. by Georges Jacques Danton. gmail sign in login March 7th, 2017 Reply informatii interesante si utile postate pe blogul dumneavoastra. dar ca si o paranteza , ce parere aveti de cazarea la particulari ?. getting started in real estate with no money March 7th, 2017 Reply Keep up the great work , I read few posts on this web site and I conceive that your web blog is really interesting and contains bands of superb information. eye care pc March 7th, 2017 Reply Fantastic blog post. darceky March 7th, 2017 Reply Perfect work you have done, this internet site is really cool with good info. Astrology Reading March 7th, 2017 Reply Nice blog here! Also your website loads up fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol IPL 2017 Opening Ceremony March 7th, 2017 Reply Pretty! This was An fascinating discussion gmail.com March 7th, 2017 Reply There is apparently a bunch to identify about this. I consider you made various nice points in features also. secrets to dog training March 7th, 2017 Reply Thank you for your post.Thanks Again. Really Cool. jane and john clothing March 7th, 2017 Reply wow, awesome article.Much thanks again. Want more. search engine marketing brisbane March 7th, 2017 Reply It as not that I want to duplicate your web page, but I really like the design and style. Could you let me know which style are you using? Or was it tailor made? Buy book reviews online March 7th, 2017 Reply Your style is very unique compared to other folks I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I all just book mark this site. houses in dominican republic March 7th, 2017 Reply You have made some really good points there. I checked on the web for more info about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site. self publishing March 7th, 2017 Reply Im obliged for the blog article.Really thank you! Want more. fades March 7th, 2017 Reply Rattling great information can be found on blog. nikon d3400 specification March 7th, 2017 Reply I was suggested this website by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my trouble. You are amazing! Thanks! phuket property sales March 8th, 2017 Reply Thanks for sharing, this is a fantastic article post. Great. buy premium cccam server March 8th, 2017 Reply This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I ave joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks! fabricant meal box March 8th, 2017 Reply Really appreciate you sharing this post.Really looking forward to read more. Will read on Android Phones March 8th, 2017 Reply Looking forward to reading more. Great post. Awesome. Property March 8th, 2017 Reply Very informative article post. Will read on steel pipes chennai tamilnadu india March 8th, 2017 Reply I cannot thank you enough for the article post.Really looking forward to read more. Great. shared properties March 8th, 2017 Reply Im obliged for the blog article.Really thank you! Will read on seo services inc March 8th, 2017 Reply This blog is without a doubt interesting additionally amusing. I have picked helluva helpful tips out of this amazing blog. I ad love to come back every once in a while. Cheers! hospitality shopping in Italy March 8th, 2017 Reply Thanks so much for the article.Thanks Again. Cool. phoenix seo March 8th, 2017 Reply Very good information. Lucky me I ran across your site by chance (stumbleupon). I have book marked it for later! sp ar condicionado automotivo March 8th, 2017 Reply Only wanna input that you have a very nice web site , I like the layout it actually stands out. SEO company and services consultant Barrie March 8th, 2017 Reply please stop by the internet sites we follow, like this one particular, because it represents our picks in the web car insurance quote in 7 minutes March 8th, 2017 Reply You know that children are growing up when they start asking questions that have answers. Chenxiang March 8th, 2017 Reply on other sites? I have a blog centered on the same information you discuss and would really like to EZ Battery Reconditioning Review March 8th, 2017 Reply Looking forward to reading more. Great article post. Really Great. BEST TIPSTER PREMIUM March 8th, 2017 Reply Say, you got a nice blog post.Thanks Again. Great. Stop Feet Pain Fast March 8th, 2017 Reply Your style is really unique compared to other people I ave read stuff from. Thanks for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I all just bookmark this blog. glass dildos March 10th, 2017 Reply Thanks for the post.Really looking forward to read more. Want more. ozzi land March 10th, 2017 Reply Very good article post.Really thank you! talent March 10th, 2017 Reply Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is wonderful, as well as the content! twitter follower March 10th, 2017 Reply Im thankful for the blog.Thanks Again. Want more. Watching the Super Bowl March 10th, 2017 Reply Looking forward to reading more. Great blog post.Really thank you! Will read on sicherheitsdienstleistungen March 10th, 2017 Reply Im grateful for the post.Really thank you! Fantastic. recover files south jordan March 10th, 2017 Reply Super-Duper website! I am loving it!! Will be back later to read some more. I am taking your feeds also. lets do it March 10th, 2017 Reply I truly appreciate this blog post. Want more. Emmaline March 10th, 2017 Reply Really informative article post.Thanks Again. Great. free global shipping March 10th, 2017 Reply Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up and also the rest of the site is also very good. Laufschuhe Damen Test March 10th, 2017 Reply Just Browsing While I was surfing today I saw a great post about inbound marketing March 10th, 2017 Reply Im grateful for the blog post.Really looking forward to read more. Great. free download for windows 10 March 11th, 2017 Reply pretty helpful material, overall I imagine this is really worth a bookmark, thanks Entertainment news and music March 11th, 2017 Reply There as definately a great deal to know about this subject. I like all the points you have made. dang ky logo doc quyen March 11th, 2017 Reply Pas si sAаЂаr si ce qui est dit sera mis en application. World class university March 11th, 2017 Reply Very good article post.Really looking forward to read more. youtube downloader no install March 11th, 2017 Reply Informative article, totally what I needed. video content analytics March 11th, 2017 Reply I think, that you commit an error. Let as discuss. Write to me in PM, we will talk. exotic car rental March 11th, 2017 Reply previous to and you are just too fantastic. I really like what online marketing podcasts March 11th, 2017 Reply I was seeking this particular info for a long time. Thank you and good hotel reservations March 11th, 2017 Reply Thanks-a-mundo for the blog post.Really thank you! Really Great. tea reviews March 11th, 2017 Reply Thanks so much for the article post. Really Great. hibiscus tips March 12th, 2017 Reply Thanks-a-mundo for the blog.Really looking forward to read more. Awesome. hotel deals March 13th, 2017 Reply Wow, superb blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall glance of your site is excellent, let alone the content material! genetic Test March 13th, 2017 Reply I wanted to start making some money off of my blog, how would I go about doing so? What about google adsense or other programs like it?. Yacht Charter Greece March 13th, 2017 Reply Looking forward to reading more. Great article post.Really looking forward to read more. Really Cool. twitter promotions March 13th, 2017 Reply Great blog post.Much thanks again. Much obliged. Romero zombies March 13th, 2017 Reply I value the article.Really looking forward to read more. Much obliged. aliexpress dropshipping March 13th, 2017 Reply Some really prime blog posts on this internet site , saved to my bookmarks. Brisbane investors March 13th, 2017 Reply Spot on with this write-up, I really feel this website needs a lot more attention. I all probably be back again to see more, thanks for the information! electrics furniture mod March 13th, 2017 Reply Thanks-a-mundo for the blog article.Really thank you! fun88 mobile March 13th, 2017 Reply wonderful points altogether, you simply won a logo new reader. What may you recommend about your publish that you made a few days in the past? Any certain? guernsey boutique hotels March 14th, 2017 Reply Very informative post. Keep writing. VideoPal Review March 14th, 2017 Reply Thanks for sharing your info. I really appreciate your efforts and I am waiting for your Weed Near Me March 14th, 2017 Reply Lovely just what I was searching for.Thanks to the author for taking his time on this one. dolce petit rebajas March 14th, 2017 Reply It as hard to find educated people about this subject, however, you seem like you know what you are talking about! Thanks Jual Facebook Like March 14th, 2017 Reply Thanks again for the blog post.Really thank you! Fantastic. schilder vlissingen March 14th, 2017 Reply You must participate in a contest for top-of-the-line blogs on the web. I will advocate this website! click here March 15th, 2017 Reply I think this is a real great post. Want more. vinhomeshcm March 15th, 2017 Reply we came across a cool site that you simply may appreciate. Take a appear for those who want https://vinhomescentralparkz.wordpress.com/category/hinh-anh/ March 15th, 2017 Reply It as nearly impossible to find educated people on this subject, however, you sound like you know what you are talking about! Thanks Sabine Schenk Betrug March 15th, 2017 Reply Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this post and also the rest of the website is extremely good. potenzmittel online March 15th, 2017 Reply I am so grateful for your blog. Keep writing. Marrakech desert camel riding March 15th, 2017 Reply Thanks for the blog post.Really thank you! Will read on hotel March 15th, 2017 Reply Really appreciate you sharing this blog post.Really looking forward to read more. Fantastic. Exchange Bitcoins to PayPal March 15th, 2017 Reply Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I ave really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I all be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon! WebTipster Dropshipping Tool March 15th, 2017 Reply I truly appreciate this article post.Much thanks again. Keep writing. Latoya March 15th, 2017 Reply Im grateful for the blog post.Much thanks again. Want more. amino acid supplements March 15th, 2017 Reply There is obviously a bunch to identify about this. I suppose you made various good points in features also. make money blogging March 16th, 2017 Reply Wow! Thank you! I permanently wanted to write on my site something like that. Can I take a part of your post to my site? Παιδικό Δωμάτιο March 16th, 2017 Reply Im no pro, but I believe you just crafted an excellent point. You certainly comprehend what youre talking about, and I can truly get behind that. Thanks for being so upfront and so truthful. play online casino March 16th, 2017 Reply Thanks for sharing, this is a fantastic blog article.Really looking forward to read more. Cool. Las Vegas March 16th, 2017 Reply It as hard to find educated people on this topic, but you sound like you know what you are talking about! Thanks earning with products March 16th, 2017 Reply Loving the weblog.. thanks! So pleased to possess located this submit.. Truly appreciate the posting you made available.. Take pleasure in the admission you delivered.. earning with products March 16th, 2017 Reply This awesome blog is really entertaining and besides diverting. I have chosen many helpful things out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return again and again. Thanks a bunch! top bodybuilding supplements March 16th, 2017 Reply Thanks so much for the blog post.Thanks Again. Really Great. babysitter March 16th, 2017 Reply Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We ave ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Magnificent. I am also an expert in this topic so I can understand your effort. แม่บ้าน March 16th, 2017 Reply Some really nice and useful information on this internet site, likewise I conceive the pattern has got excellent features. แม่บ้าน March 17th, 2017 Reply Say, you got a nice article post.Thanks Again. Really Great. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 387 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: OFWs exempted from travel taxes, terminal fees. Read the full article on the latest issue… https://t.co/K9Y7n0LNHV 5 hours ago New issue is out and grab your FREE copy on our leading newspaper stands spread all over UAE.… https://t.co/gIq86WwF7P 1 day ago RT @JaDineMidEast: AYUN NA NGA PO! 540 VVIP SEATS, UBOS! VIP and GenAd still available 💜 https://t.co/aXgf0WPpbl #AlwaysJaDineDubaiTou… 2 days ago News: Pinoy wins Dubai Top Model Search. Photo courtesy of Cholo Marquez lll facebook account.… https://t.co/AUdfzjt5r1 4 days ago News: House passes death penalty bill on final reading. Check out our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/16BUFZ3qNq 5 days ago Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament March 16, 2017 68 Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 March 16, 2017 64 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title March 16, 2017 60 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 by  Andrew Williams  |  Monday 13 March 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall:  Not yet rated Is it finally time to get excited about Android-powered watches? Tweet Email this Print this Feedback When Android Wear first arrived, I was excited. Of course I was. The little green guy in a watch: how could I not be? Then after a few weeks, or a few hours in some cases, I realised Android Wear was a bit awkward. A bit thin. A bit annoying. Android Wear 2.0 is out to solve all those issues. And it only took, consulting the Filofax, three years. That’s right, real progress has been a long time coming. But at least it’s here. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 INTERFACE: A SMOOTHER JOURNEY The second version of Android Wear brings lots of new features and add-ons. After living with it for a little while now, they’re not what I’ve appreciated the most, though. I’ve dropped in and out of using Android Wear over the last three years, because I skip between using Apple Watches, fitness trackers and all sorts of wrist-worn gadget fluff. Every time I came back to Wear, there were a couple of days of fitting back into its ways. It was like putting on a jumper made by an alien with only the loosest understanding of human anatomy. I’m talking about awkward gestures and an overcomplicated architecture to basic parts of the system. Much of that is gone now. I’ve been using Android Wear 2.0 with the Huawei Watch 2, and it feels more like what some people always wanted, a watch version of Android. You press a button to access your apps menu, and all the most top-level gestures are vertical. No more finger gymnastics: side swipes are only needed when you dig a bit deeper. It sounds like a small thing, but means the entire system is much more intuitive. Wear 2.0 also makes way for other kinds of controls. Apple Watch-like rotary dials, Samsung Gear S3 rotating bezels: Wear can now get on just fine with the lot. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 CUSTOMISATION: A BIG FACELIFT The update is a kinda delicious mix of making Wear simpler and more complicated at the same time – or at least more open. For example, watch faces are way more customisable. All but the simplest have little extra data fields, whether that’s your step count, the date or the weather. These can be switched around when you customise the watch face, and they can even act as shortcuts or pull in data from third-party apps. At this early stage, there aren’t scads of these third-party data blobs about, but there soon will be. They are called complications, a name we can only imagine came out of a brainstorming meeting worthy of The Apprentice’s later seasons. Android Wear also — finally — lets you download apps right from the watch, rather than having to browse on your phone and then sync your apps. This makes it play much nicer with iPhones. The Google Play Wear interface is predictably not as pretty as the phone version, but does the job of letting you noodle away a few minutes looking for something fun and new to play with. It’s annoyingly slow to load, though, taking a few seconds unless it has been used recently, and is therefore kept open in the system RAM. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 APPS: INDEPENDENCE DAY Google Play is a good example of Android Wear 2.0 apps becoming more independent. To date, most Wear apps of any substance have been little more than second screens for the version on your phone. Wear games have tended to be standalone, but crucial apps like Runkeeper and Strava weren’t much use on their own. Now they are. Ready for the software’s launch, these top run/walk/cycle trackers now work solo, without even having their phone-based relatives installed. Paired with a watch that has GPS like the Huawei Watch 2, a Wear watch can finally be a good run tracker. It’s a long overdue upgrade. Right now these apps are still only really meant for tracking your exercise rather than checking out maps of your runs and graphs of your progress, but with any luck we’ll be able to do some shallow data mining before too long. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 MESSAGING: REVERT TO TYPE Messaging apps get a big boost with Wear 2.0 too. Wear watches have been able to send ‘quick reply’ texts and Google Hangouts using basic pre-written snippets or dictated sentences for years, but now full-blown functionality for third-party apps is possible. Before you get too excited, there’s no WhatsApp Wear app yet. But there is a Wear 2.0 version of Telegram, which is a bit like WhatsApp. This is where the new virtual keyboard comes in. That’s right, there’s a full keyboard in Wear 2.0, letting you write on your wrist. At first we started using it as a classic ‘tap each key’ keyboard — total nightmare — but it also supports gesture typing, where you drag a line between the characters in the word you want. It works oddly well, and it’s all because Google’s predictive typing is so good these days. This keyboard is also used in Google Play when you search for apps. It’s a system-wide thing. If you hate it even with swipey typing, you can talk to the watch’s mic instead. There’s still a question of whether you’d really want to do this daily with your everyday messenger. Would you? ANDROID WEAR 2.0 NOTIFICATIONS: LESS NAGGING, MORE HELP It’s the fundamentals that really change things up day-to-day, such as the way notifications work. Previous versions of Wear used notifications ‘cards’ that look like digital post-its. They were a bit insistent, popping up on the watch face to try to get your attention: a bit try-hard. Like other bits of Wear 2.0, notifications are now less annoying. Post-its have been replaced by plainer notification text on top of a dark grey background, and you can choose whether they pop-up until you read them, appear for five seconds or not at all. You can always read them by just flicking up on the watch face, so they’re never too far away. What you see in these notifications hasn’t changed radically as far as I can tell, but they slot into Wear, and your day, much more comfortably.  If you’ve already read up a bit on Wear 2.0, you may have heard about the new Google Assistant packed into this software. It’s meant to be a wrist version of the Siri-a-like introduced with Google Pixel phones. You ask it for “local cinema times” and hope you don’t end up with a blurb about “global Cinnabon crimes”. I haven’t experienced a huge world-changing upgrade though. You were able to say ‘Ok Google’ to your watch with previous versions of Wear and ask it questions. The difference now is that you might get a bit more info, and get further without having to head over to your phone. You still need to be connected to your phone to get Google Maps directions (even with Wi-Fi). It’s nowhere near as cool as Amazon Alexa yet. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 EXTRAS: PAY BY SWIPE If you must have your gadget glands stimulated, there’s always Android Pay, which is now supported by Wear. Your Wear watch will need NFC, but it’ll let you make contactless payments just by pressing your watch to the wireless pay pad. It’s a pretty neat way to travel around London in place of an Oyster card, but it may only hold as much cred with the Tesco checkout assistant as wearing a pair of Apple AirPods (that’s zero in the current climate, by the way). On the subject of Apple fans, Wear 2.0 is more friendly than before thanks to its more ‘standalone’ style. Should iPhone owners jump in bed with a new Wear watch? If you find a good deal for one of the older watches that will get the jump up to 2.0 and aren’t bothered about GPS tracking then perhaps. But the second-gen Apple Watch is still the best smartwatch out there. A lot of you are probably wondering if Wear 2.0 radically improves the battery life of these watches. I’ve not been able to take two of the same watch, one with 2.0 and another with a pre-2.0 version into a dark room and given them a good pummelling yet, but it doesn’t seem there’s a huge improvement. The Huawei Watch 2 lasts for a day and half, maybe a bit more if you don’t hammer it, and the LG Watch Style’s stamina is reportedly absolutely terrible. Oh well. ANDROID WEAR 2.0 VERDICT Android Wear 2.0 is much easier to live with than any previous version of the system, particularly if you’ve found the system unintuitive or fiddly in the past. It’s simpler in the right places, and more customisable in others. It also lets you do a lot more with the right hardware, namely a watch with GPS and NFC. If you already own a Wear watch that is down on the upgrade invite list, you should be happy. But it’s not likely to solve one of the system’s main problems: a cycle of low uptake and so-so developer interest that has made sure new killer apps are rare things. Related Reviews Review: Suunto Spartan Sport Review: Withings Steel HR is a stylish smartwatch Review: Polar M600 has the smarts, but not the looks Review: Misfit Phase breaks the smartwatch mould Review: Samsung Gear S3 Classic Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  android wear 20  |  google io 2016  |  review  |  smartwatches   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Massive data leak in US Air Force exposes details of 4,000+ officers     Yahoo CEO may depart with $23M     Google to throttle Chrome tabs to boost battery life     What we know: Google Android O     Review: Raspberry Pi Zero W DIY PC   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: Google Android O << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Android Devices pre-loaded with malware signal fault in supply chain << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Android Wear 2.0 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Public phone charging could leave you vulnerable to 'Juice Jacking' << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Mobile advertising Trojans become top mobile malware threat in 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Google Daydream View << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Assistant comes to Android Nougat and Android Marshmallow << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Oculus adds a touch of Touch to Samsung's Gear VR << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Only 1.2% of Android devices use latest OS << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The best antivirus for Android phones << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc Handhelds News Android Devices pre-loaded with malware signal fault in supply chain Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 Feature What we know: Google Android O Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Best Linux distros How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco Live 2017 puts vendors, disties and channel partners together in the World of Solutions FITT celebrates women in IT and telecommunications at luncheon Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cisco welcomes channel partners to Cisco Live 2017 Staples sells Australian business to private investment firm Platinum Equity The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 iPhone owners warned to back up data before iOS 10.3 CIO out of Brisbane council in wake of TechOne saga Optus’ first blackspot base station connects all ten residents of William Creek AFP hints at 'developments' in Census investigation 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti - single card 4k gaming! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Listen To Every Edition Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Listen To Every Edition Movies Deals New Report Slams ‘Curved Display’ iPhone Rumors, Expects Flat Form-Factor Share Tweet New Apple Ads: iPad Pro, Welcome Home and Sticker Fight Don’t Miss This: Harry Potter: 8-Movie Bundle. Now Just: £19.99 HD. A Storm is Coming: “App-pocalypse” To See Nearly 200,000 Apps Culled #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews Apple New Report Slams ‘Curved Display’ iPhone Rumors, Expects Flat Form-Factor By Arron Hirst 12th Mar 17 11:04 pm Share Tweet Despite a barrage of rumours over the last several months claiming that Apple’s first-ever curved display iPhone could see its public introduction, as early as this year, a new report out this weekend slams that notion – citing that the next iPhone will instead feature a flat screen made from edge-to-edge OLED. The comments arrive via IHS Markit analyst Wayne Lam who anticipates the company will instead adopt a “flat implementation of OLED design” on their coined ‘special’ edition, 10th-anniversary celebrating iPhone -which could end up costing over $1,000– and that will be “analogous” to the current 2.5D glass design, the analyst notes. “Much like the recently announced LG G6, we anticipate a touchscreen with a new longer aspect ratio design to take advantage of higher coverage area of the iPhone in its entirety.” “This new design language is expected to become the trend for 2017, as we all anticipate Samsung’s reveal later this month,” the analyst added. The comments from the industry analyst arrive weeks after it was speculated Apple could have not one, not two … but three new models of the iPhone to show off at its fall media event likely to be held at Apple Park – this year, with the addition of any type of edge-to-edge display to the smartphone expected to require some re-jigging of the placement of the firm existing force-enabling 3D Touch module, (which may even be moved to its new hame underneath the iPhone’s display) … and follow KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo too hinting that the Cupertino firm is all-but ready to move to OLED for the iPhone, in an announcement that is simultaneously expected to see it unveil its long sought-after, and highly rumoured, wireless-charging technology. / MacRumors Continue Reading You may also like... New Apple Ads: iPad Pro, Welcome Home and Sticker Fight Don’t Miss This: Harry Potter: 8-Movie Bundle. Now Just: £19.99 HD. A Storm is Coming: “App-pocalypse” To See Nearly 200,000 Apps Culled #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews Related Topics:3D Touch, Analyst, Apple, Apple Park, Curved Display, Display, Fall, Featured, Flat, Form Factor, iPhone, iPhone 7S, iPhone 8, Kuo, New iPhone, Phone, Report, Rumor, Speculation, Wayne Lam, Wireless Charging Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Apple Apple New Apple Ads: iPad Pro, Welcome Home and Sticker Fight By Arron Hirst16th Mar 17 12:53 am Ahead of its yet-to-be-announced (and now expected) Spring media event, Apple has released a number of... App Store A Storm is Coming: “App-pocalypse” To See Nearly 200,000 Apps Culled By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 7:23 am That’s according to Mashable who cites new research provided by app analytics company, Sensor Tower. Apple Controversy Hits iTunes Pre-Order Of U2’s ‘The Joshua Tree (Super Deluxe)’ By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 6:19 am U2 — remember those guys? The band that singlehandedly broke the internet when Apple decided to... Apple #AppleMusicWest4th Underway w/ Exclusive Live Performances + Interviews By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 4:45 am The folks at Apple Music and Beats 1 upped-sticks earlier this week to move their operation... Apple Now Available To Pre-Order On iBooks: ‘The CARTEL 7’ By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 3:59 am Expected to see its global release on July 25 – and currently available to pre-order through... Apple Here’s The Machine Apple Uses To Recalibrate Your iPhone [PHOTO] By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 3:23 am Ever wondered how Apple’s Genius staff determine whether or not they can service or repair your... App Store iOS Platformer ‘Golf Zero’ Gains 4.5-Star Rating, Just 24-Hours After Release By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 2:52 am Described as a crazy mix of both golf and platforming, despite only seeing its official release... Apple Steps Return With First New Music in Over 5 Years [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 2:07 am British dance-pop group Steps –perhaps best known for their hits Tragedy and 5-6-7-8, and who originally... Android Careful: Instagram Credential-Stealing Apps Discovered On Google Play By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 1:20 am ESET researchers have discovered 13 new Instagram credential-stealing apps on Google Play, recently also looking into... THE HOT LIST #30 A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Listen Now Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad Euclidean Lands $2.99 The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Email Address Discovered on MUSIC BUY Total Entertainment ForeverFather John Misty Your browser does not support the audio element. Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Passengers (2016) $14.99 BUY Moana (2016) $19.99 BUY Patriots Day $14.99 iMessage Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Disney Stickers: Mickey & Friends $1.99 More info iPhone + iPad Pokémon Pixel Art, Part 1: English Sticker Pack $1.99 Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … 10 App Updates Waiting For You In The App Store Now On iTunes: “Under the Shadows” By Rae Morris [LISTEN] MEDIA ALERT: Apple Sets FY 14 Third Quarter Earnings Call For July 22 More App Updates: Ridge Racer Slipstream, Tydlig Now Streaming: Matt Terry – Winner’s Single [LISTEN] ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu Senate Intel Committee: ‘We See No Indications That Trump Tower Was the Subject of Surveillance’ CNN Panel Melts Down Over Travel Ban: 'I Never Want to Be on the Show With This Bigot Again' McDonald's Tweets Bizarre Attack on Trump: 'You Are Actually a Disgusting Excuse of a President' (UPDATED) Mediaite Is Now Hiring a Full-Time Writer Five 9th Circuit Judges Dish Out Ruthless Take Down to Anti-Trump Travel Ban Decision ‘How Does it Feel to Work For a Fascist?’: Sean Spicer Got Harassed at an Apple Store by Ken Meyer | 8:00 pm, March 12th, 2017   Please enable Javascript to watch. Press Secretary Sean Spicer was spotted during a trip to the Apple Store, and a random shopper decided to come up and barrage him with a bunch of loaded questions about working for President Trump. Spicer was reportedly shopping at the Apple branch in Georgetown when a woman filmed and bombarded him with question after question. The video speaks for itself, but here’s a sampler of the kinds of inquiries that the questioner decided to pursue: “How does it feel to work for a fascist?” “Have you helped with the Russia stuff?” “Do you feel good about lying to the American people?” “Are you a criminal as well?” The encounter was streamed on Periscope and posted on the Twitter account @Shreec. Twitchy also noticed that the same user participated in a protest last month where Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos was blocked from entering a school in D.C. Watch above, via Twitter. [Image via screengrab] — — >> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Apple Store, sean spicer, t Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular Rachel Maddow Just Trolled Us All For Ratings Rachel Maddow Tweets ‘We’ve Got Trump Tax Returns’ ‘I’m Not Answering Your Question!’: Ex-Clinton Advisor Loses It as Fox News Segment Goes Off the Rails Here Is the Trump Tax Information That Rachel Maddow Revealed White House Releases Statement in Response to Maddow Tweet on Trump Tax Returns Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 March 2017 by Military News BizWireTV Accelerator Report: AxonVR Secures Funding to Create a ‘Hands-On’ VR Experience and a STEM-Friendly Bot for Kids NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On the latest BizWireTV Accelerator Report, AxonVR announced that it has secured $5.8M in a recently-completed seed funding round. This represents the largest investment to date in a virtual reality haptics company. AxonVR’s HaptX Platform allows users to feel the physical properties of virtual objects. Now you can watch BizWireTV on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/business-wire-pr-news/id1104136311?mt=8 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.frankly.channel.BIZWIRE&hl=en Also featured in the episode is this week’s startup standout, UBTECH Robotics’ TankBot, the latest addition to its line of STEM-friendly Jimu Robots for kids and teens. TankBot is an interactive building block system that combines learning and fun as kids build, program and share their robot creations. Now available on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo, the show serves as a preview of upcoming IPOs, scheduled earnings announcements, recent funding announcements and trends to watch in the upcoming week. This week’s episode features: AxonVR Secures Largest Ever Funding Round for Haptics in Virtual Reality On the VC Watch: Dynamic Signal Raises $25 Million to Help Organizations Better Communicate with Their Employees Tripping.com Secures $35 Million in Series C Funding Led by Princeville Global This week’s startup standout: UBTECH Introduces TankBot: the First Jimu Robot That Runs on Treads BizWireTV and BizWireTV Accelerator Report are hosted by Erin Ade. Tune in to watch Erin’s reports for BizWireTV each Sunday and Friday on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00 am ET BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 6:00 am ET Click here to share this week’s BizWireTV’s Accelerator Report on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/8iY_6 About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized Tags#BizWireTV, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, Home and Garden, Industry, Markets, TV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CES 2017 Will Be More Global Than Ever with New Tech to Make Us Safer, More Relaxed and Always Charged – All On the Latest BizWireTV Next PostNext On BizWireTV: Viacom, Chipotle Shakes Up Leadership Team and Shazam Expands Beyond Music Search Recent Posts Judge Announces Intention To Confirm Peabody Energy Plan Of Reorganization, Paving Way For Emergence AJC Statement on President Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal The 8th China (Guangrao) International Rubber Tire & Auto Accessory Exhibition is set to take place Reed Exhibitions Greater China Views 2017 With A Positive Outlook American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP Announces Sale of Hotel Property and March 2017 U.S. Dollar Cash Distribution Proudly powered by WordPress
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Sony at MWC 2017 Sony Xperia XZ Premium, XZs, XA1 Ultra, and XA1 - - - Sunday Q&A Post your comment Comments (20) Chip 12 March 2017 Misc Featured After a two-week break when Yours truly was busy roaming the streets of Barcelona and bringing you the latest updates from the MWC, the Sunday Q&A finally returns. Our inbox got overfilled and it might take a couple of weeks to catch up to all the interesting questions you posted. This week we talk our top 10 by Fans chart, GPU comparisons and when is the right moment to upgrade your phone. Stephan: Would it be possible for you guys to give us a competitive review on GPUs just as you did on the CPUs a while back? I know device resolution comes into play but maybe just include offscreen battery of tests. I tend to find that if gaming is important to you that even older chips such as those in Snapdragon 800 and 808s tend to be better than some of these latest CPU accompanying Snapdragon 625 and 650s. Comparing GPUs without the context of actual implementations in specific SoCs and devices wont do anyone much good. What really matters is how a given phone performs for GPU-intensive tasks such as gaming and we make sure to cover that in depth in our reviews. If you feel like comparing offscreen performance across various devices you should our Basemark X database, which contains most of the phones weve reviewed in recent years. Suraj: I don't understand why we need dual cameras for just bokeh effect, like in recent phones (for ex Honor 6x,Honor 8,iPhone 7 Plus). Because if a simple app would do that, why you need two cameras? Does Dual camera in above mentioned phones provide anything more than the effect? There are a bunch of different takes on the dual camera setup in smartphones. You have different focal lengths (LG, Apple), improved low light performance (monochrome sensors on Huawei and Xiaomi phones) and only depth information for bokeh effect(HTC, ZTE). Creating a realistic bokeh effect in post processing is a rather hard task that involves a lot of challenges, hardest of which is detecting the actual outline of the subject that needs to be in focus and its distance from the other objects in the frame. Thats something a second camera helps a lot with and normally helps deliver better results. Plus as we mentioned, in most of the implementations the second sensor also serves another purpose so the bokeh assistance is merely an added bonus. A bunch of people: Why is phone X missing from your top 10 by fans ranking when it has more fans than phone Y that is on the list? To keep that list fresh we only allow phones that have been in our database for less than 18 months on it. Otherwise you'll only see very old phones there and you won't know, which of the new phones is the most widely loved. Since some phones get uploaded as rumored that reduces their stay there by a few more months. We're considering changing that policy to only affect phones that have been official for 18 months so expect some changes there. Joonie: Is it worth upgrading to a flagship phone this year, knowing that for the next year or 2, something would be far greater than the phones we have today? Would the satisfaction be a worth the money? Ah, the age-old question - should I shop now or wait for until something better comes up? Theres always going to be something better on the horizon and if you are afraid that an improved model will come out then you can never get anything. The product upgrade cycle for every device family and manufacturer is pretty well established at this point so you know when the next flagship will come around. And unless you are a few weeks away from that theres probably little reason to delay the purchase of a phone that ticks the right boxes for you. The smartphone race is extremely fast paced so you cant constantly stay at its front unless you upgrade phones every three months - the trick is to find a phone that works for you and be happy with that. Sam: Why Sony cameras don't perform better than the competitors given every other mobile company uses Sony sensors? Why Sony skimps on battery? While certainly one of the most important things, the camera sensor isnt the only factor that contributes to great image quality. There are also plenty of decision to be taken when it comes to image processing - balancing saturation and noise or noise and fine detail or detail and oversharpening artefacts. Sony flagship cameras have certainly have had an edge over the past years when it comes to total resolved detail as the company went for very high resolutions. However it also often tended to have issues with corner softness in its lens, which meant sharpness rapidly dropped towards the edges of the frame. The high-res sensors also had issues with their low-light performance too - another issue that the not particularly bright lens didnt help with. Either way, the new Motion Eye camera that we saw at MWC 2017 seems to be a marked improvement for Sony and it might catapult the company back to the front of the camera race. Not sure what you mean by Sony skimping on battery, but we have had a bunch of Sony handsets produce excellent scores in our battery test. You can see all results over here to see that battery life has actually very rarely been an issue with Sony handsets. Josh Cole: Please add option to select GPS, GLONASS, BDS, it will help ease the search of a perfect phone! You can use the Free text field at the bottom of our Phone Finder page to filter phones that have GLONASS, BDS or another specific navigation system. You can also separate individual terms by comma to search for more than one supported system at the same time. If you have any questions for us - you can send them by using the form over here. Related articles Samsung's acquisition of Harman finalized GBoard for Android gets emoji and GIF suggestions, live translation support T-Mobiles throttling threshold raised to 30GB per billing cycle ZTE to pay $892M fine for violating the US trade sanctions Reader comments Sifou rv8H 13 Mar 2017 I care ! Smartphones are cool but when getting larger they tend to be cumbersome and not very usefull, I think that modern computing will be mainly done on tablets, true smartphones will keep their place as indispensable gadgets in our life but table... Reply S3mm tueW 13 Mar 2017 In Cpu computing, kirin is better but in graphic department, snapdragon is one of the best Reply MrGrumpy 8qA0 13 Mar 2017 Nobody cares bout tablets, let's keep it mobile only. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 20 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 108,452 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 67,713 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 59,303 4. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 54,306 5. Samsung Galaxy S8 48,321 6. Nokia 6 46,925 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 42,836 8. OnePlus 3T 42,700 9. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 41,829 10. Oppo F1s 41,516 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,044 2. OnePlus 3 1,644 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,623 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,578 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,465 6. HTC 10 1,393 7. LG G5 1,185 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,176 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 795 10. LG V10 793 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Email RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Follow Us: PC World > Mobile Phones > Reviews > HTC > ​HTC U Ultra phone: full, in-depth review ​HTC U Ultra phone: full, in-depth review HTC’s new flagship Android smartphone looks amazing but what else? Nick Ross PC World @NickRossTech 13/03/17 Review Specs Images User Reviews Buy Now Tweet 104 Users want this Expert Rating 4.25 / 5 Pros Looks stunning Fast at everything Good audio features Cons No headphone jack Expensive Bottom Line HTC's flagship phone brings some interesting features to the top of the market including great looks and 24-bit audio. But there's better value elsewhere. Would you buy this? Yes 104 No 93 Price $ 1,199.00 (AUD) Phone aficionados have a soft spot for HTC. The company’s hardware almost always seems to be very well made and only occasionally tainted by dodgy software or pricing. Here’s the new HTC U Ultra. It’s a bit of a tongue twister to say out loud, but you only need to glimpse at it to see how it’s one of the prettiest phones around… probably ever. But the premium phone market has some amazing choices including the Google Pixel XL, the Huawei Mate 9, the iPhone 7 and the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy S8. So where does this sit on an impressive list? Key specs 5.7in, 1440 x 2560 LCD screen, secondary screen 2in, 160 x 1040 LCD, 64,128GB/4GB RAM, Quad-core Snapdragon 821 CPU, Adreno 530 GPU, 12MP rear and 16MP front cameras, microSD (dual SIM slot on some models), USB-C, no headphone jack, 24-bit audio, Android 7, 3000mAh battery, 162 x 80 x 8mm, 170g. Full specs here. Handling and Design We keep raving about the colourful, metallic finish of the U Ultra, but just look at it. It’s actually a curved glass finish constructed from Corning’s ‘super tough’ Gorilla Glass 5 - on the 64GB model. The 128GB model goes one step further and is finished in a premium-watch like Sapphire Crystal. We didn’t have the heart to drop test it but doubtless some videos will appear on YouTube over the coming weeks. The finish rivals, if not surpasses, Apple’s Jet Black special-edition glossy variant and, unlike the glassy (and explodey) Samsung Galaxy Note 7, sticks to your hand and isn’t as slippery as a fish. HTC also bundles a clear plastic case to add some protection while letting you still see the chassis. We preferred to use the phone without it but if you’re dropping a load of money on this, it’s a good idea to protect it somehow. One concern we do have is for the protruding camera lens. Without a case you’ve got to choose between scraping the front screen or the camera when putting it on a table. Hmm. The protruding camera means either the screen or the lens will be subjected to abrasion when you're placing it on a surface without a case. It’s a deceptively-large phone. Despite being only 8mm thick at 162mm in length it’s one of the largest on the market. There’s not much wasted space above and below the screens though. At the bottom is a function button which doubles as a fast fingerprint reader and directly above the main, 5.7-inch screen is a 2in secondary screen. If you’ve small hands or don’t like phablet-like big phones, this probably isn’t for you – but if you like the look of it, check out the smaller-yet-similar, single-screened HTC U Play, which we’ll be reviewing soon. We’re normally suspicious of second screen-like features as they can be gimmicky, not very useful and battery vampires. However, the U Ultra’s can be genuinely useful. It shows you notifications without waking the whole phone up, there are many different apps and shortcuts that it can display and it offers a high resolution and looks good. The fact we used it and didn’t want to turn it off speaks volumes. The exception here is with the Highlights news feed content, which we found as annoying as every other smartphone news/information service. We’d turn that off moving forward. The second screen seamlessly sits atop the main screen and offers notifications, news and shortcuts. The main screen is as crisp and vibrant as we’d expect from an Ultra High Definition LCD screen and we’ve no complaints there. Ultimately, beyond the ability to customise themes, there’s little here that doesn’t feel like a native Android 7 phone in general usage. That’s no bad thing. The processor is the Snapdragon 821 (with Adreno 530 graphics chip) which is the same as the Android Flagship, Google Pixel XL. As such everything flies along as fast as you’d hope and responsiveness is almost instant. Audio Audio quality is something HTC raves about and usually for good reason. The BoomSound system is back here which includes 24-bit audio compatibility but there are caveats. Firstly, there’s no headphone jack... FFS. In a phone this big there’s surely not much excuse for it to be missing and hopefully this fashion trend will be short lived. There's no 3.5mm-to-USB-C adapter either. HTC does, however, include a USB-C-connected pair of 24-bit earbuds. Naturally, you can’t charge the phone while using them, unless you find a compatible adaptor from somewhere. When you first plug in your earbuds the phone's 'USonic' feature will offer to ‘tune’ them to your ear canal in order to enhance audio quality. Whatever it does at this point, whether it's smoke and mirrors or bona fide science, the quick tests it runs deliver up some noticeable audio improvements which you can test by turning the enhancements off and on while a test track plays. There’s even a graph. HTC USonic. The graph illustrates how audio is tuned to your ear's unique shape. Apparently. Whenever you subsequently play music, USonic tells you that it's performing a (very) quick background noise check to ensure that 'sound levels are balanced.' However, for those wanting the loud-and-clear external speaker performance of previous HTC devices, it’s not here this time. While the external speaker does get quite loud the treble tops-out and distorts quickly and there’s next-to-no, bass-rich punch. If you miss this feature, those around you might be grateful. The U Ultra also has four different microphones for recording. It helps make the U Ultra particularly good for conference calls and recording audio with video. Next Camera, Battery Life and Conclusion 1 2 next ›› Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read more on these topics: smartphone, htc, mobile phones, smartphones, Phones, Android, phone Comments Read User Reviews Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Mobile Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Exec Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Samsung 2017 QLED Q7 TV: Full, in-depth review 2 ​HTC U Ultra phone full, in-depth review 3 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 4 ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review 5 ​ZTE Axon 7 review: Is ZTE dumping old stock on Australia? Latest News Articles Android device updates: Nougat rollout begins for the Moto Z Play ZTE pays US$892M settlement to US over illegal sales to Iran Google Assistant learns how to read texts as its prime-time rollout continues Beyond smartphones, Samsung wants its Exynos 9 chip in VR headsets Enterprises enter the 5G spotlight at MWC Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Samsung 2017 QLED Q7 TV: Full, in-depth review ​HTC U Ultra phone full, in-depth review ​Kogan Atlas UltraSlim Pro laptop: full, in-depth review What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW FTIt Security and process analystNSW TPBusiness AnalystACT CCPerformance TesterQLD CCCapacity PlannerVIC TPAnalyst Programmer (.Net)SA TPSenior .Net DeveloperQLD CCBusiness AnalystQLD CCProject Scheduler/CoordinatorVIC FTNetwork Security AnalystNSW FTFinancials ConsultantQLD CCTransport Planner - GIS SpecialistNSW TPProject Support Officer - Data and Information ManagementVIC FTDatabase DeveloperSA FTLevel 3 Application Support AnalystVIC FTIncident and Problem ManagerVIC CCSenior Solution ArchitectNSW TPPrincipal SAP HR Payroll Functional ConsultantQLD FTDigital Sales Account Manager - Global BrandNSW CCSenior Technical Business Analyst - Wealth AdviceNSW FTService Desk AnalystNSW FTSenior Teradata Developer/Analyst Programmer - Financial - Contract - ParramattaNSW FTTeam and Project AdministratorQLD FTConsultant Business AnalystQLD CCSenior Storage System Engineer -NetApp & TSMNSW Back to top • Home Share this review: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles The Yahoo hack: Are the Russians now go-to bad guys, real spies, or just criminals? computerworld.com.au Unpatched vulnerability puts Ubiquiti networking products at risk cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Carrington Associates - Creating a cognitive conscience arnnet.com.au Expert panel: Australia must innovate or bust cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Will.i.am Is Making A Comic With Marvel And It Sounds Totally Wild First Look At New Devilman Anime Fine Art: A Masterclass In Character Design Somehow The Fate Of Superman And Lois Lane Just Got More Insane Esports The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart Meet The Street Fighter Pro Who Intentionally Picks Underrated Characters Hotel Noise Complaint Forces Fighting Game Competitors To Cheer Very Quietly Smash Bros. Players Are Desperate To Solve The 11-Year Mystery Of Ness' Super Yo-Yo Glitch Xbox Microsoft Adds Feature That Can't Possibly Go Wrong Trove's Blocky MMO Battles Come To Consoles Wait, So Killer Croc Lives Right Next To The Batcave In Injustice 2? Rockstar Fans Are Finding Red Dead Redemption 2 Clues In The Strangest Places PlayStation I'm Sorry Erend, You're Just Not In My League Horizon: Zero Dawn Sells 2.6 Million, Gets An Expansion A Short List Of Things That Have Killed Me In Horizon Zero Dawn How To Solve The PS4's 4.50 Network Problem Until Sony Actually Fixes It Nintendo Four Indie Games Launch On Nintendo Switch My Quest For The Prettiest Horses In Breath Of The Wild Seven Years Later, Pokemon Player Finally Maxes Out Pokewalker Tell Us Dammit: The Best Zelda Game PC People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation Someone's Remaking Tomb Raider 2 In The Unreal Engine You Should Play These Games About Political Resistance Seven Cool Games From PAX East To Watch Out For Mobile Fire Emblem Heroes Is Getting A Hardcore Battle Mode Smite's Clash Royale-Style Spin-Off Put 'On Hold' An App For People Going To Nerd Conventions Breakforcist Is A Tasty Combination Of Breakout And Breakfast In Real Life Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables What Are You Playing This Weekend? The Story Of The Real Life Iceman While You Were Sleeping Retro ScribbleTaku Capcom Bundles Six Remastered Disney Afternoon Classics Unreleased Primal Rage 2 Can Now Be Played By Everyone ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia 'Let Him Fix It': The Battle Over Who Gets To Repair Your Consoles Cecilia D'Anastasio Mar 13, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  l.a.w. playstation ps4 switch wii u xbox one Share GorillaStump at work In a gritty vintage video games store in Manhattan's East Village, a man who would only be identified by GorillaStomp, his PlayStation username, firmly explained why he should fix your video game console. Long before it was his livelihood, it was his fascination, and one he'd never asked for permission to do. Now, as the independent console industry is entangled in legal battles across the country, the very principles behind his livelihood are being challenged by titans like Microsoft and Sony. "I've been fixing stuff since I was a little kid, scavenging garbage," GorillaStomp said, not looking up from the Xbox he was dismantling with a screwdriver. He was watching a For Honour Twitch stream while removing pet dander and cigarette detritus from the Xbox's jammed disc tray. "Basically, I went from Legos to real-life troubleshooting." We were in 8-Bit And Up, an independent games store that also deals in console repair. For eight years, he's been fixing out-of-warranty consoles that gamers don't want to send to manufacturers, and estimates he's about 75 per cent effective at fixing whatever he agrees to open up. "I'm not afraid of anything that's man-made," he said. Recently, eight states' senators have introduced bills that protect GorillaStomp's right to repair consoles. If passed, they'd require console manufacturers like Microsoft and Sony to put spare parts and manuals on the market for independent console repairmen. It's a small thing with big, abstract implications, namely preventing an industry repair monopoly. Currently, independent repair companies don't depend on console manufacturers for spare parts or information. Chinese eBay vendors and YouTube videos get the job done. These "right to repair" bills will expand and legitimise the independent repair industry, in the process testing manufacturers' grip on their consoles post-warranty life. If consumers had no access to independent shops and if they had no option but to ship their Xboxes to Microsoft for a disc drive replacement, they'd have to wait a month, pay up to a third of the console's price tag and, potentially, receive in return a new console without any of their saved data. The bills would ensure that wouldn't happen. A rep for the games industry's lobbying group said "right to repair" bills would help "sidestep consoles' digital protection assets" and "invite unethical individuals to break the law and encourage widespread theft of video games and proprietary information. The games industry doesn't think these bills are necessary. In fact, a representative for the Entertainment Software Association, the lobbying group that hosts E3 and counts among its members most major video game publishers, told me that the information and tools that would be disseminated thanks to these "right to repair" bills would cause problems. Specifically, they said the information would help "sidestep consoles' digital protection assets" and "invite unethical individuals to break the law and encourage widespread theft of video games and proprietary information." Lobbying against the "right to repair" bill, the games industry is working to make their own repair services indispensable and uncontested, the sort of capitalist future that Apple is already affecting. In the early 2000s, legislators originally pushed "right to repair" bills to fight car dealers' monopoly on automotive repair. After a 10-year fight, the Massachusetts legislature passed the Automotive Right to Repair Act in 2013, so any technician could get the tools and information they needed to fix cars. When the "right to repair" movement became a hot issue in tech, repair industry lobbyists looked at the Automotive Right to Repair Act. "We did some copy-and-paste on the bill and substituted digital electronic products for automobile," Gay Byrne, the executive director of the Repair Association, told me. The two initiatives were similar, in theory, except for one crucial thing: 1998's Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which protects game manufacturers' copyright claims, but also contains a stipulation protecting independent hardware repair — at least, in theory. A supporter of the "right to repair" bills on the games industry's opposition: "They get to protect their content and they get to protect their marketplace for repair. And they get to basically force you to get a new console if they don't feel like repairing an old console." That stipulation, the Computer Maintenance Competition Assurance Act, is what lawmakers are heatedly debating across the country and which presents an exception about when it would be illegal for an independent shop to repair something. "The requirement in the copyright law says you can't fix the hardware if it might infringe on the copyright of the software," Byrne said. It's a claim technology manufacturers parrot when asked what's so controversial about releasing diagnostic manuals or repair parts — a claim that I've been hard-pressed to substantiate with real incidents, and one Byrne dismisses as "bullshit." She doesn't think independent repairmen are there to pirate console software. And the already-illegal threat of piracy shouldn't haunt consumers' right to repair what they already paid for. The ESA's reasoning is, to her, a sleight-of-hand. "They get to protect their content and they get to protect their marketplace for repair. And they get to basically force you to get a new console if they don't feel like repairing an old console," she said. Sending consoles across the country can be a major drag for gamers who want to keep playing. "What if I lived in a remote part of Minnesota?" GorillaStomp asked angrily. "Screw yourself. You know, my cousin's been taking apart stuff for his whole life. Let him fix it." A console gets worked on at 8-Bit And Up Back in 2008, GorillaStomp interviewed for a job at 8-Bit And Up with its owner, Joe. "It was the weirdest interview I'd ever had," he told me. Joe asked if he'd ever worked as a repair guy. GorillaStomp said, "No, but last summer, I fixed seven PS2s for my buddies." Joe hired him. When the "Red Ring of Death" plague hit Xbox 360 consoles, signalling a critical hardware malfunction, GorillaStomp says he fixed 20 consoles a week in 8-Bit and Up's dim, used game-lined den. Microsoft mercifully extended their Xbox warranty, placing a $US1 ($1) billion stack of chips on retaining their consumer base, but the repair took weeks. He's seen everything from gum-clotted disc drives to PSPs wrecked by misguided hacks, estimating he's about 75% effective at fixing whatever lands in his hands. "It's all about keeping the gamers playing as cheaply and stress-free as possible," GorillaStomp told me. "I can get stuff back to them in a week." At the Lower East Side's XCubicle, a console repair hackerspace that sees a little more sunlight, co-founder Patrick Che recalled fixing between 30-50 consoles a week in 2008. That's when he decided to expand his web development business into a full console repair suite. "We had a storefront. Our friend was doing a lot of those repairs. We asked our friend to put up a sign. Customers would drop them off and we'd fix them," he told me. XCubicle now is a small, cluttered room stacked high with console boxes. One cabinet contained the "roach bag," where unlucky PS4 owners whose warm power strips attracted roaches had their consoles literally de-bugged. (XCubicle charges a $US30 ($40) roach fee.) Customers interface with repairmen through a window spotted with Mario and Pokemon stickers. The table he sat at was cluttered with modded Nintendo 3DSes, with screens and buttons carefully sorted in plastic containers. Nothing was from Nintendo. XCubicle Che gets his parts from China via eBay, as does 8-Bit And Up. Hackers post their own "how-to" console repair videos on YouTube, which can be hit or miss, unless you know your stuff. If New York's "fair repair" bill passed, he said, he'd use the extra diagnostic information, and might nab some official components here or there. It would solve a reliability issue. Sometimes, knock-off parts, especially screens, are scratched or defective. He just eats the losses because sending parts back to China can be a pain. Yesterday, Nebraska's "right to repair" bill was heard. In Nebraska, it is the farming industry that has pushed the bill further than any other state's. Tractor manufacturer John Deere programs digital locks into their tractors' software, preventing farmers from diagnosing their own hardware malfunctions. John Deere cited the DMCA, and charges thousands for repairs, adding urgency to Nebraska's "right to repair" fight. For years, John Deere representatives have argued that independent tractor repair would inevitably lead to software piracy of the software that makes them tick, going so far as to say that, when farmers purchase tractors, they have "an implied licence for the life of the vehicle to operate the vehicle." Michael Warnecke, an Entertainment Software Association representative, testified at the Nebraska hearing. "If this bill were to go forward, it would create, at the very least confusion, and possibly severely undercut U.S. copyright law," Warnecke said. When he cited the possibility of bypassing consoles' security features as a reason to kill the bill, someone sitting near the livestream microphone whispered "bullshit." Following him, a wireless communications representative argued that authorised providers can guarantee better-trained technicians. Honed by the manufacturers themselves, these repairmen have at their fingertips privileged, proprietary information for repairing consoles. There isn't the added risk of sketchy repair practices. XCubicle's Che doesn't disagree. "It's kind of true," he told me, a week prior. "There are a lot of shady repair shops that take consoles in and don't fix them, or they take parts out and sell them." But Joe, who owns 8-Bit and Up, laughed when I posed the question of training. He'd hired GorillaStomp, after all. "They [Microsoft and Sony] don't repair consoles. You're not getting your machine back, and you're not getting your data back. They throw your machine in a bin and send you a new one," he told me. "I'll put my guys up against their guys any day." The question remains: If corporate tech successfully stomps out "right to repair" bills moving through seven states, what changes? Will XCubicle and 8-Bit And Up get shut down? According to repair industry professionals, things will stay as they are. They will just operate on the fringes, in less-than-ideal conditions and without official components or diagnostic tools. They will continue to get their parts from China and their info from YouTube. It's inefficient, and for consumers, a little risky. Also, a shut-down could add momentum to manufacturers' push for the more restricted world Apple users live in, perhaps manifested as a crackdown on YouTube repair videos that, somehow, violate the DMCA or, at worst, cease-and-desist letters sent to Joe from 8-Bit and Up. Chinese parts are essentially untouchable, though. "America was founded on pioneer spirit," GorillaStomp concluded, oiling the Xbox's disc drive. Piece by piece, he reassembled its shell and plugged it into an old, dusty TV. Prince of Persia flicked on. "The government needs to leave people alone," he said. In this case, it could be the government that makes his job easier, and corporate interests spinning a web around his hands. Comments leigh @leigh Mar 13, 2017, 12:34pm Would love a similar look at the Australian side of things, there's still a few around that freely advertise they'll modify your consoles as well as fix them. Reply 0 kyle9600 @kyle9600 Mar 13, 2017, 6:16pm ozmodchips Best in Australia Reply 0 rowjack1993 @rowjack Mar 13, 2017, 6:39pm they don't really fix though, just mod Reply 0 djbear @djbear Mar 13, 2017, 3:14pm As good as the state legislation is. Whats to stop console makers going the path of Apple and designing their hardware so its impossible to fix? E.g. Apple soldering on Ram to the MB. Reply 0 Virus @virus__ Mar 13, 2017, 3:27pm Eh, most apple stuff is possible to fix with the right know-how & tools. Not so easy for you or I, but there's a bloke based in NYC called Lois Rossman, he does live streams almost daily on YouTube of him fixing MacBooks. He has an electronics repair shop. He's gotten around a lot of these issues of schematics not being easy to obtain & parts being extremely hard to source. he even once had immigration raid him (I think that's who) because of Apple, heh. Reply 0 blasty Guest Mar 14, 2017, 7:07pm Let's hope this legislation continues. E-waste is one of the worlds largest contributors to polution, from dumping old products and from extra production due to people having to buy new. My currwnt phone works great and would rather repair than buy new when there is no need. Manufacurers are fighting this out of greed and not with the worlds interests at heart, particularly as devices are increasingly built to fail over time. Look at how many people bought multiple xbox 360's. A right to repair and modify is an implicit right of ownership. Otherwise it is a rental, in which case those renting out the product are accountable for mantainence. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia Alex Walker 16 Mar 2017 3:15 PM Kotaku Australia has learned that Outlast 2 has been refused classification in Australia, predominately for the depiction of implied sexual violence. Outlast 2 Has Been Refused Classification In Australia Alex Walker 16 Mar 2017 11:45 AM Scheduled for release on April 25, Outlast 2 will no longer be released in Australia after it was refused classification. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Customise Your Own Awesome Coffee Mugs Deals: This Is How You Can Learn To Take Down Hackers Deals: Learn How To Master Linux With This Certification Bundle Trending Articles 1 Here's Why Outlast 2 Was Refused Classification In Australia 2 Outlast 2 Has Been Refused Classification In Australia 3 People Are Ripping Apart Mass Effect: Andromeda's Animation 4 The League Of Legends Team House That Fell Apart 5 Four Indie Games Launch On Nintendo Switch Deals: Get 2TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Two Dead After T-Mobile 'Ghost Calls' Flood 911 Center In Texas Over 90 Per Cent Of The Great Barrier Reef Is Bleached, And May Never Recover The Story Of The Real Life Iceman I'm Sorry Erend, You're Just Not In My League Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Will.i.am Is Making A Comic With Marvel And It Sounds Totally Wild What Are You Playing This Weekend? Make Richer Almond Milk With Almond Butter Deals: This Coffee Mug Will Bring Out Your Inner Child How To Securely Dispose Of An SSD Six Stretches To Help Your Stiff Back Feel And Move Better The first enterprise tech IPO of the year raises $221 million, valuing it at $2.9 billion The Nintendo Switch has been great for my relationship Australia's rental market is getting its first taste of disruption NZ police were told to shoot a security dog that got loose at Auckland airport so planes could land © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access CSOM CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close The week in security: the CISO’s role evolves as WikiLeaks shares CIA hacking techniques David Braue (CSO Online) on 13 March, 2017 11:46 0 - - - - print email Taking on the role of the CISO can be a steep learning curve, particularly when it happens in the wake of a large cybersecurity incident. This, as cybersecurity breach posterchild Target appointed a new CISO. The role of the CISO was one of numerous cybersecurity themes at the Cisco Live conference in Melbourne, where cybersecurity was a high-visibility element as the company extended its capabilities in the area. There were notes that many attackers are now part of large organisations whose professionalism may exceed that of their targets, and the observation from Australia’s peak cybersecurity administrator that security investment and work is exploding this year thanks to the government’s renewed interest in the area. And some at the event were wondering why Australian companies aren’t buying more Australian information-security products. Researchers ran an extensive study of how social-engineering scams exploit social media, even as a US mass-marketing company publicly exposed its list of 1.36 billion emails, many cross-referenced with other information. The US government is so keen to keep its hacking techniques secret that it dropped a child pornography case to avoid having to disclose the way it caught the defendant. Wikileaks filled in some of the vacuum with a massive dump of the CIA’s hacking techniques – which include hacks of Android and TVs, raising eyebrows and sending companies scrambling to re-evaluate their security postures. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said the CIA had lost control of its cyberweapon documents well before they were published online, saying that it would share the tools with Apple and other technology companies – although some wondered whether they can use it. Intel Security released its own tool to check whether users’ EFI subsystems have been compromised by rootkits. Antivirus vendors also moved to take advantage of the CIA malware leak, which will allow them to determine whether a particular organisation has been hacked by the CIA. Apple said it has already fixed most of the iOS exploits detailed in the CIA leak. Analysis of the documents suggested that the NSA and CIA were behind the Equation espionage group, even as Wikileaks said might help technology vendors disarm the tools detailed in the leaks. Speaking of bad security postures, consumer-advocacy group Consumer Reports announced it would start reviewing consumer Internet of Things (IoT) products on their data security and privacy performance, enlisting the help of an ex-Google cybersecurity expert to warn people about potential security risks. A US Senate resolution moved to roll back privacy rules – introduced just last October – for broadband service providers, even as a US senator probed the maker of the hacked CloudPets smart toy. Android got patches for 35 critical vulnerabilities, while Firefox 52 dropped support for Java plug-ins and expanded its HTTP ‘not secure’ warnings. Read more Cisco Live: Why aren’t Australian companies buying Australian infosec? Also not secure is Internet voting, according to the French government, which has banned Internet voting in its upcoming presidential elections because of the “extremely elevated threat of cyberattack”. Hackers exploited a vulnerability in Apache Struts to compromise corporate Web servers, while one security expert warned that risk management requires one to start with the basics. A security hole in the Confide messaging app, reportedly popular amongst White House staff, exposed user details. Some security experts were evaluating the security of rival messaging tool WhatsApp, even as a cryptographer advised that those concerned about secure communications are best advised to use an iPhone to communicate. The Church of England had great success in baselining its system to quickly pick up on ransomware attacks before they caused serious damage, while Blackhawk Network got better visibility into threats with the Darktrace Enterprise Immune System. Researchers linked the Shamoon cyberattack in Saudi Arabia to a new attack in Europe, even as the CIA data leak suggested that a CIA ‘false flag’ team had repurposed the Shamoon data wiper. This, as FBI head James Comey railed against strong encryption and said that citizens have never had guarantees of “absolute privacy”. Read more Securing the Internet of Things Read more: Cisco Live: There has never been a better time for cybersecurity in Australia: MacGibbon As governments review security exposure, secure unified workspaces lead the way for business More from Blackberry Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags datawikileaksCISOcybersecurity administratorinformationCIA hacking techniquesCSO Australiathreat More about ApacheAppleBlackhawk NetworkCiscoDarktraceFBIGoogleIntelIntel SecurityNSA Read next Thieves steal Petya ransomware then use it for free Microsoft fixes record number of flaws, some publicly known ​Being ready for a crisis is the new normal Anticipate 2016 Security is no fiction: Infosec on TV, film—and in space Patching humans: Pointless exercise or an essential defence | ANTICIPATE 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers BYOD and Mobile Security – 2016 Spotlight Report PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Editor's Recommendations 10 Essential Security Measures To Keep Your Online Banking Safe In 2017 ​Earn up to $15k for hacking Microsoft’s Office Insider previews ​Researchers hack accelerometer to fake Fitbit steps, hijack radio-controlled car Solution Centres Enterprise Mobility Resource Centre Security Intelligence Network Security Zone Stories by David Braue After years of ambivalence, eCensus DDoS fail scared many Australian businesses into action Cisco Live: Australian cybersecurity startups mustn’t be afraid to “go for it right now” Vendors share blame when users’ systems stay unpatched too long: vulnerability report Cisco Live: Why point security solutions compromise an effective security posture Latest Videos CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences can't stop them Play Video CSO Webinar: So, you’ve put your data in the cloud. How will you keep it safe? Play Video CSO Webinar: Will your data protection strategy be enough when disaster strikes? Play Video CSO Webinar: The Human Factor - Your people are your biggest security weakness Play Video CSO Webinar: Current ransomware defences are failing – but machine learning can drive a more proactive solution Play Video More videos Blog Posts Are all proxies actually security assets? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 387 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: OFWs exempted from travel taxes, terminal fees. Read the full article on the latest issue… https://t.co/K9Y7n0LNHV 5 hours ago New issue is out and grab your FREE copy on our leading newspaper stands spread all over UAE.… https://t.co/gIq86WwF7P 1 day ago RT @JaDineMidEast: AYUN NA NGA PO! 540 VVIP SEATS, UBOS! VIP and GenAd still available 💜 https://t.co/aXgf0WPpbl #AlwaysJaDineDubaiTou… 2 days ago News: Pinoy wins Dubai Top Model Search. Photo courtesy of Cholo Marquez lll facebook account.… https://t.co/AUdfzjt5r1 4 days ago News: House passes death penalty bill on final reading. Check out our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/16BUFZ3qNq 5 days ago Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament March 16, 2017 68 Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 March 16, 2017 64 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title March 16, 2017 60 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title Pacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion Mayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Car enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Global Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title Pacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion Mayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Car enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Global Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet Latest News SPORTSFilipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament SPORTSIntercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 SPORTSLuminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title SPORTSPacio scores massive win vs. Thai world champion SPORTSMayweather officially ‘out of retirement’ to face McGregor Local NewsCar enthusiasts enjoy Wrapstar Customs’ grand opening Local NewsGlobal Knights of Rizal assemble for international meet TECHNOLOGYPre-installed malware found on dozens of android phones TECHNOLOGYPokemon Go maker vows to add more top-requested features this year Artists' CircleJean suportado ang death penalty Joy Erroja: A Real Estate Broker and an Artist Ed Ibañez December 4, 2016 10:48 am Branded PinoyLIFESTYLE 1.1K 0 Age: 30 Height: 5’5” Current Location: Dubai Philippine Hometown: Paranaque City Hobbies: Painting, music, arts, fashion, and Muay Thai Boxing Job: Driven Properties Real Estate Our Branded Pinoy this week is a full time Real Estate Broker. She became the Real Estate Top Agent of the first quarter of 2016. She also has a passion for arts and music where she has also created  her own compositions. Meet Joy who loves to  explore places and meet people  to give her an opportunity to learn from other cultures and characters.  What’s inside your bag? My bag contains [my] make up kit, hand lotion and hand sanitizer aside from my other personal belongings like wallet and phone. Nothing beats clean hands! I guess a bag must basically contain things that are useful for our daily activities.  What electronic gadgets are you currently using? For my laptop I am using a Macbook and an iPhone for my phone. It’s a fact that Apple products have always have the good quality and more advanced.  What’s inside your closet? Mostly my dresses from different collections are the major stuff inside my closet. I like glamour office attires, which I can also wear for evening events. I am also into shoes and handbags which occupy the most space in my closet. What is your style of clothing? Talking about my style cannot be defined in one corner. We have to be flexible. For me, it depends on the weather and occasion. Living in Dubai you can see me with fit clothes during summer and you can see me with fur during winter and sportswear every morning as I hit the gym or if I am just at home spending my time painting and  when I am with my music,  I  just merely wear my rugged clothes. What clothing brands do you think closely fit your sense of fashion?  I don’t really have a clothing brand in particular, when I shop, I visit every store and find something that fits my body type. My principle is this: If it looks good on you, buy it! No matter what brand it is, as I shop depending on what makes me look good not just the hype.  That would help you boost confidence.  What is your favorite perfume?  Chloé Eu du Parfum, it has a fresh powdery floral scent which makes me feel happy and boost my self-esteem and femininity. What is your favorite brand of shoes?  I both like Louboutin and Valentino.  I invest in a pair of good quality shoes as those brands produce comfortable shoes, more durable and they last longer especially [since] I always love to wear heels so I need to have a good quality pair of shoes. Are you a shopaholic?  Yes, I was before to be honest, but when I started earning from my own sweat, I intended not to, but I treat myself once in a while. We all have to admit that buying something new (new car, new dress, new shoes, new bags) makes us feel great but it’s only passive. For as long as you are not spending beyond your budget, then that’s totally fine!  What inspires or influences you to buy an item? I normally buy stuff for my basic needs or replacing old items but if I see great deals on the stores, I don’t want to miss the opportunity!              What brands do you trust for your skin care? I use SK-II and Shiseido for my face. I am very careful when buying products for my skin especially since I have acne prone skin. That’s why these two brands stand out for me. I also use Nivea shower gel and Nivea Lotion ever since. What is a Branded Pinoy for you? Branded Pinoy for me is someone who has a positive outlook in life. Our brains are wired to find things we are looking for. If you are always cynical or waiting for things to go wrong, then your life will reflect that. On the other hand, having a positive outlook in life will bring you joy and provide you with inspiration when you least expect it.  Facebook Comments Website Comments free pron March 6th, 2017 Reply HL5bYg Pretty! This was an extremely wonderful article. Thank you for providing this information. London venues March 6th, 2017 Reply Major thankies for the blog.Really thank you! Awesome. venue finder March 6th, 2017 Reply Thanks for the blog post. Great. akku rasentrimmer March 6th, 2017 Reply Great, thanks for sharing this article.Thanks Again. Fantastic. Danika March 6th, 2017 Reply Thanks-a-mundo for the blog article.Much thanks again. Keep writing. closing tsx today March 6th, 2017 Reply Im obliged for the article post.Thanks Again. Great. Replacement Simonton Windows March 6th, 2017 Reply Would you make a list of all of all your public pages like environment March 7th, 2017 Reply This awesome blog is obviously interesting and informative. I have picked many handy stuff out of this source. I ad love to return again and again. Thanks a bunch! ebay classifieds March 7th, 2017 Reply Tremendous things here. I am very happy to see your article. Thanks a lot and I am taking a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail? click resources March 7th, 2017 Reply Thanks again for the blog article.Really looking forward to read more. Cool. european stock market March 7th, 2017 Reply in our community. Your site offered us with helpful information to tsx chart 5 years March 7th, 2017 Reply Very nice info and right to the point. I am not sure if this is really the best place to ask but do you people have any ideea where to get some professional writers? Thanks eye care pc March 7th, 2017 Reply Major thankies for the blog article.Really thank you! Really Cool. eroticke pomocky March 7th, 2017 Reply Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is magnificent, let alone the content!. Thanks For Your article about sex. www.gmail.com March 7th, 2017 Reply Im thankful for the blog.Thanks Again. Fantastic. dog training March 7th, 2017 Reply Wow! Thank you! I always wanted to write on my website something like that. Can I include a fragment of your post to my website? jane and john clothing March 7th, 2017 Reply You ave made some good points there. I checked on the internet for more information about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this site. search engine optimization brisbane March 7th, 2017 Reply Looking forward to reading more. Great post.Much thanks again. Fantastic. homes for sale dominican republic March 7th, 2017 Reply Your style is unique compared to other folks I ave read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I all just book mark this blog. razor,straight razor March 7th, 2017 Reply Thank you for your blog article.Really thank you! Want more. lens for Nikon d5500 March 7th, 2017 Reply You could definitely see your skills in the paintings you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers such as you who aren at afraid to mention how they believe. All the time follow your heart. phuket thailand March 8th, 2017 Reply When the product is chosen, click the Images option accessible within the Item Information menu to the left. buy premium cccam server March 8th, 2017 Reply I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thx again! Jeux kermesse March 8th, 2017 Reply You got a very great website, Gladiola I observed it through yahoo. Latest Android Phones March 8th, 2017 Reply Awesome blog.Really looking forward to read more. ms tubes chennai tamilnadu india March 8th, 2017 Reply Thank you for your blog.Really thank you! Keep writing. shared accommodation March 8th, 2017 Reply Really informative blog post. Much obliged. fashion book review in Italy March 8th, 2017 Reply Thankyou for this marvelous post, I am glad I detected this website on yahoo. ar condicionado automotivo March 8th, 2017 Reply you have brought up a very great points , regards for the post. SEO company and services consultant Silver Sands March 8th, 2017 Reply Wohh exactly what I was looking for, thanks for putting up. Agarwood oil March 8th, 2017 Reply Thank you for sharing this very good write-up. Very inspiring! (as always, btw) EZ Battery Reconditioning Review March 8th, 2017 Reply Of course, what a great blog and revealing posts, I surely will bookmark your website.Best Regards! dildos March 10th, 2017 Reply Major thankies for the blog post.Really thank you! Much obliged. talent March 10th, 2017 Reply It as nearly impossible to find educated people on this subject, but you seem like you know what you are talking about! Thanks Jasa Like Instagram March 10th, 2017 Reply This awesome blog is without a doubt entertaining as well as diverting. I have picked a lot of useful things out of this blog. I ad love to go back every once in a while. Thanks a lot! Facebook Likes March 10th, 2017 Reply Well I truly liked studying it. This post provided by you is very helpful for accurate planning. Watching the Super Bowl March 10th, 2017 Reply I wanted to thank you for this good read!! I definitely enjoyed every bit of it. I have you book-marked to look at new things you post bad hard drive south jordan March 10th, 2017 Reply This is a topic that as near to my heart Best wishes! Exactly where are your contact details though? try it March 10th, 2017 Reply Wow, marvelous blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is fantastic, let alone the content!. Thanks For Your article about sex. Maralyn March 10th, 2017 Reply You made some good points there. I looked on the net to find out more about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site. free global shipping March 10th, 2017 Reply Wow, wonderful blog layout! How long have you been running a blog for? you make blogging look easy. The whole look of your site is great, let alone the content! authentic sneakers wholesale March 10th, 2017 Reply You made some nice points there. I looked on the internet for the topic and found most people will agree with your site. Entertainment news and music March 11th, 2017 Reply Would you be serious about exchanging links? dang ky logo thuong hieu doc quyen March 11th, 2017 Reply Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up and the rest of the website is extremely good. Information System March 11th, 2017 Reply Sorry for my English.It as really a cool and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you simply shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing. download video March 11th, 2017 Reply Keep up the great work , I read few content on this site and I believe that your site is very interesting and contains sets of fantastic information. Mphclub March 11th, 2017 Reply Wow, incredible weblog format! How lengthy are you currently blogging pertaining to? you made blogging glimpse easy. The full look of your respective website is excellent, let alone the content! Hotels March 11th, 2017 Reply Thanks again for the article post.Really looking forward to read more. Really Cool. www.bestteareviews.com March 11th, 2017 Reply You might add a related video or a related picture or two to grab readers excited about hibiscus tea site March 12th, 2017 Reply no deposit casino view of Three Gorges | Wonder Travel Blog genetic Test March 13th, 2017 Reply What kind of camera was used? That is definitely a really good superior quality. Yacht Charter Croatia March 13th, 2017 Reply This is a topic that as near to my heart Cheers! Exactly where are your contact details though? celebrity weight loss March 13th, 2017 Reply Just to let you know your webpage appears a little bit strange in Safari on my notebook using Linux. Romero March 13th, 2017 Reply I appreciate you sharing this post.Thanks Again. Much obliged. aliexpress dropshipping March 13th, 2017 Reply Red your website put up and liked it. Have you at any time considered about visitor submitting on other associated blogs similar to your website? Real Estate investors Lenders March 13th, 2017 Reply Say, you got a nice post.Thanks Again. Fantastic. furniture mod minecraft March 13th, 2017 Reply Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I ave really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. After all I will be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon! fun788 March 13th, 2017 Reply Some truly choice blog posts on this website , saved to my bookmarks. boutique hotels March 14th, 2017 Reply Enjoyed every bit of your post.Really looking forward to read more. Great. Review Wizard Review March 14th, 2017 Reply Major thankies for the blog article.Really thank you! Find weed app March 14th, 2017 Reply Lululemon Canada Factory Outlet Sale Online WALSH | ENDORA Bitcoin Mining March 14th, 2017 Reply This very blog is obviously entertaining and besides informative. I have discovered a bunch of handy advices out of this amazing blog. I ad love to visit it every once in a while. Thanks a bunch! vestidos ni�a mayoral March 14th, 2017 Reply This blog is without a doubt interesting and amusing. I have discovered many useful advices out of this blog. I ad love to return over and over again. Thanks a lot! Jasa Like Facebook March 14th, 2017 Reply Really informative post.Really looking forward to read more. Want more. schilder middelburg March 14th, 2017 Reply magnificent points altogether, you just won a new reader. What might you recommend in regards to your post that you made a few days ago? Any sure? Ohrringe Gold Test March 15th, 2017 Reply Incredibly ideal of all, not like in the event you go out, chances are you all simply just kind people dependant on distinct Vetting Process March 15th, 2017 Reply You, my pal, ROCK! I found exactly the information I already searched everywhere and simply couldn at find it. What an ideal web-site. jetzt ohne rezept March 15th, 2017 Reply Hey, thanks for the blog article.Much thanks again. Really Cool. schenk ein March 15th, 2017 Reply So pleased to possess discovered this submit.. Seriously useful perception, appreciate your posting.. Appreciate the posting you given.. indeed, analysis is paying off. camel riding Marrakech Morocco March 15th, 2017 Reply Really informative blog post.Really looking forward to read more. Awesome. Exchange Bitcoin to western union March 15th, 2017 Reply You made some nice points there. I did a search on the issue and found most people will agree with your site. Shane March 15th, 2017 Reply You made some nice points there. I did a search on the subject matter and found most persons will approve with your site. increase semen volume March 15th, 2017 Reply My brother recommended I might like this blog. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You cann at imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks! Διακόσμηση March 16th, 2017 Reply There is definately a great deal to find out about this topic. I like all of the points you have made. play online casino March 16th, 2017 Reply This blog is definitely entertaining and diverting. I have found helluva useful tips out of it. I ad love to return over and over again. Cheers! history maker March 16th, 2017 Reply Very informative article.Thanks Again. Want more. Earn money March 16th, 2017 Reply Wow, awesome blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is excellent, as well as the content! cheap gym stringers March 16th, 2017 Reply There are many ways to do this comparable to providing unique โรงงานผลิตสบู่ March 16th, 2017 Reply If you are even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e-mail. babysitter March 16th, 2017 Reply I was very pleased to find this website. I wanted to thank you for your time for this wonderful post!! I definitely enjoy reading it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post. แม่บ้าน March 16th, 2017 Reply It’аs actually a cool and helpful piece of info. I am happy that you just shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 387 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: OFWs exempted from travel taxes, terminal fees. Read the full article on the latest issue… https://t.co/K9Y7n0LNHV 5 hours ago New issue is out and grab your FREE copy on our leading newspaper stands spread all over UAE.… https://t.co/gIq86WwF7P 1 day ago RT @JaDineMidEast: AYUN NA NGA PO! 540 VVIP SEATS, UBOS! VIP and GenAd still available 💜 https://t.co/aXgf0WPpbl #AlwaysJaDineDubaiTou… 2 days ago News: Pinoy wins Dubai Top Model Search. Photo courtesy of Cholo Marquez lll facebook account.… https://t.co/AUdfzjt5r1 4 days ago News: House passes death penalty bill on final reading. Check out our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/16BUFZ3qNq 5 days ago Filipino Bowling Club marks 25 years; hosts 20th GCC tournament March 16, 2017 68 Intercompany basketball tourney opens Season 4 March 16, 2017 64 Luminous outguns Scorpions, bags KW Basketball League title March 16, 2017 60 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
null
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Prepare for a second wave of Touch Bar-friendly Mac apps Jordan Novet@jordannovet March 12, 2017 6:31 PM Tags: Apple, Electron, Github, MacBook Pro Touch Bar, MacOS Above: Chrome's Touch Bar support in Chrome Canary build 58.0.3020.0. Image Credit: Jordan Novet / VentureBeat Big software companies like Adobe, Google, and Microsoft have all begun modifying their most widely used applications to include support for the Touch Bar display on Apple’s latest MacBook Pro laptops. Some indie developers have done the same thing. But many, many Mac apps don’t let you do anything with the Touch Bar, five months after Apple unveiled its 2016 MacBook Pro and introduced tools and guidelines to help developers build for its Touch Bar. That’s about to change. See, many developers rely on open-source software called Electron to operate desktop versions of their existing web applications. Earlier this week, the team behind Electron released a beta version of the software with new features that will let developers add Touch Bar functionality into existing Electron-powered apps. “The new Touch Bar API allows you to add buttons, labels, popovers, color pickers, sliders, and spacers. These elements can be dynamically updated and also emit events when they are interacted with,” Kevin Sawicki, a developer at GitHub who contributed to the additions, wrote in a blog post. Electron is among the most popular projects on GitHub, and, sure enough, GitHub is the company behind it. Electron serves as the underlying framework for another piece of GitHub open-source software, the Atom text editor. Now Atom could very well get Touch Bar support soon. The same thing could happen to Microsoft’s competing Visual Studio Code text editor. Altogether, more than 300 apps are built with Electron. These include Basecamp 3, Brave, Discord, Ghost, Hyper, Docker’s Kitematic, Mattermost, Nylas N1, Automattic’s Simplenote, Slack, Tidal, Tweeten, WordPress.com, and Yhat Rodeo. Someone has already shared a plugin that brings Touch Bar support to Hyper. In other words, get ready to see the Touch Bar become useful in more and more of the apps you use on the Touch Bar everyday. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Skype Updated With Support For MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar By Tyler Lee on 03/12/2017 18:10 PDT While the slimmer design, new color options, and obviously upgraded hardware are very much welcome, one of the unique features and possibly the selling point of Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro would be the inclusion of the Touch Bar. For those unfamiliar, this is an OLED strip that replaces the row of function keys and also doubles up as an extension of your keyboard. Now for owners of the laptop who are hoping to get more functionality out of their Touch Bar, you will be pleased to learn that Microsoft has recently updated its Skype app for macOS where support for the Touch Bar is now available. What this means is that users will now be able to see a profile photo of who they’re chatting with, the ability to mute our hang up calls, and start/end video. There isn’t that much options offered at the moment apart from the ones we mentioned, but presumably it could change in the future as Microsoft thinks up of more ways to take advantage of the feature. Recently we’ve started to see more developers offer support for the hardware feature, such as Google’s Chrome and also the Microsoft Office suite of productivity apps. We expect that over time more apps will eventually add their support for Touch Bar, and given that the laptop is barely half a year old, we suppose it is understandable that there isn’t a lot of compatibility at the moment. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about Apps, Macbook Pro, macos, Microsoft and Skype. Related Articles 2017-02-28 Skype Wi-Fi Being Discontinued March 31st 2017-02-22 Microsoft Launches Skype Lite For India 2017-02-16 Skype Beta For iOS And Android Adds ‘Reactions’ 2017-02-16 Touch Bar Support For Microsoft Office Now Available 2017-02-16 Redesigned Skype App Being Developed 2017-02-08 MacBook Pro Owners Can Preview Office With Touch Bar Support Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Fri March 17, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Fri March 17, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Census 2017CPECPsl 2017Raddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Fri March 17, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Census 2017 CPEC Psl 2017 Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Editorial March 11, 2017 Share Advertisement Brave new world The dark world painted by George Orwell in his classic novel ‘1984’ has been with us for many years, notably after 9/11 when surveillance of private data by US intelligence agencies was stepped up. Since the US National Security Agency (NSA) leaks in 2013, we have known that our privacy is under threat from a network of state agencies. Moreover, after last year’s tussle between Apple and the FBI over the ability to hack iPhones, there is little doubt that spy agencies have been looking for loopholes in our electronic devices. While we may have thought that spy agencies still had some catching up to do, a new WikiLeaks release of CIA documents has revealed that these agencies have penetrated our lives more than we could have imagined. The thousands of leaked documents have catalogued the CIA’s cyber-spying techniques till early 2016. Most worryingly, they reveal that the CIA has been able to find a way to hack people’s smart TV sets to listen in to the conversations they are having in their private lives. While the current technique requires fitting an actual bug to the device, there is no doubt that this revelation will set alarm bells ringing in the industry. Similarly, while the CIA still cannot decrypt encrypted messaging apps such as WhatsApp and Signal, it has been able to find ways through Android and IOS operating systems. Keywords such as ‘terrorism’, and now we are told ‘Islam’, have been searched for by US agencies in the apparent hope of detecting militants. This goes far beyond the issue of personal privacy. It leads us into a world which holds multiple dangers for all kinds of people and leaves them open to action from government, visa issuing authorities, employers and other groups. The fact that social protest and political actions all over the world are increasingly organised over social media makes it still more tempting for agencies to pry into this world. What is heartening is that the leaks confirm that there are still conscientious objectors, such as Edward Snowden, who are willing to step up and tell us when these agencies overstep their limits. The trouble, however is that – like the NSA leaks before – it seems no one is really paying attention. The digitisation of our lives has continued to go on unchecked. The CIA has attempted to claim that the leaks do it harm, but the only harm possible is to us – ordinary citizens. The NSA leaks confirmed that Big Brother was listening in to our every conversation. The CIA leaks confirm something far more sinister: Big Brother can actually control our conversations. There is the possibility that evidence could simply be planted if the CIA is able to control a digital device. Alarmingly, some tech giants are reported to have entered into agreements with intelligence agencies to assist them in their actions. Others such as Apple and WhatsApp maintain that they are making every effort to ensure privacy. The internet has offered human beings much freedom in the current age. But it has also opened up new ways for others to invade our privacy and our rights. The current leak may not go beyond a certain level of classification but it has opened us up to the scary new digital world we have to contend with. Unfortunately, it is hard to see any real change coming at a time when technology allows barriers set up to guard privacy to be broken through.   Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Consensus on military courts as demands accepted Govt will do all to end blasphemy: Nisar Trump’s second bid for Muslim ban blocked Balochistan to become tiger of Pakistan: PM ECP dismisses references against Imran, Tareen View more... see all opinions Opinion Aijaz Zaka Syed UP is not the end of the world Nadir Hassan The Haqqani affair Shahzad Tahir To potential legislators Shahzad Chaudhry South Asian politics: coming of age? Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani Mass weddings Ben Debney The paradox of identity politics see all opinions Newspost Time to count New ambulance service Low literacy Sans technology The 2017 census View more... see all opinions Editorial The Abbottabad report Focus on teens View more... see all opinions National ECP decision on Imran proves it acts on merit Only ‘bad terrorists’ to be tried in military courts SC seeks details on local stents manufacturing, prices ‘Meteor’ causes panic in Gilgit, surrounding areas Nisar praises Imran as cricket player View more... see all opinions World Food, drink giants plot fightback in India Six killed as BD police raid Islamist hideouts Thai junta lays out ‘legally binding’ 20-year masterplan China, Saudi Arabia eye $65bn deals Myanmar must allow Rohingya to leave camps: Annan commission View more... see all opinions Sports Smith, Maxwell drive Australia in Ranchi Test Sri Lanka rattle BD with late strikes Players found guilty of fixing will be jailed: minister BCB president says it was his decision to drop Mahmudullah Nicholls answers critics with rescue ton for New Zealand View more... see all opinions Business World Bank approves $450mln credit for socioeconomic progress OICCI proposes reduction in corporate tax, GST rates FDI up 6pc to $1.284bln in July-February PSX starts settling default claims FBR issues notices to 25,000 non-filers View more... see all opinions Karachi SC orders forensic audit of NSUSC via external firm Dow VC finally removed, four months after end of rehiring contract Only few KMC and KWSB surplus employees work, claims Murad Tender to revamp Karachi Zoo awarded to foreign firm Commissioner takes notice of pencils being used for census forms View more... see all opinions Lahore Merit policy opted at each level: Shahbaz High-achievers in trouble over laptops LHC CJ nullifies CPWB DG’s appointment Fraud accused remanded in NAB custody Report sought on salaries, perks of advisers View more... see all opinions Islamabad 57 million illiterates in country: NCHD chief Metro Bus Service to remain closed till evening on 23rd March Japan provides $406,178 for social development projects NAVTTC observes training of millions FGEHF decides to acquire 20,000 kanal land for Green Enclave-II View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Misc Software  »  Feature How to: Enable private browsing on any browser to keep your search history secret by Lee Bell  |  Monday 13 March 2017  | Comment Now Whether it's Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Microsoft Edge, here’s how to enable private browsing on every major browser. Private browsing is a way of masking your online search habits and history, allowing you to surf the internet without your browser saving data to onto your computer. Although it hides superficial search data, it lacks the secure encryption of a VPN and should be considered only as a means of preventing other users from seeing what pages you have visited. These capabilities are built into everyday web browsers, including Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Apple's Safari, and Mozilla Firefox, which normally involves opening a new window in a mode that prevents data capture. Depending on the browser you use, the private browsing tool will have a different moniker - Google Chrome has its 'Incognito' mode while Internet Explorer uses 'InPrivate'. Here's our guide to private browsing and how to enable the tools on every major browser. Google Chrome As we mentioned above, Google Chrome calls its private browsing mode Incognito Mode. This can be accessed by simply selecting “New Incognito Window” from the menu when in Chrome. You’ll be able to tell you're using it by the "secret agent" icon in the top left corner of the window. In Incognito Mode, Chrome won't keep track of the pages you visit, the data you enter into forms, or any searches you submit. However, it’s worth noting that Incognito mode only prevents Chrome from saving your site visit activity. It won't stop other sources from seeing what sites you’ve visited, including: your ISP; your employer (if you're using a work computer); and the websites you visit themselves. If you use Chrome’s Incognito Mode to download files, the browser won't remember what files you download, but those files will stay on your computer after you close the Incognito tab. You'll have to manually delete them from your hard drive if you don’t want anyone to see them. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Edge Internet Explorer and Edge’s private browsing mode comes in the form of InPrivate browsing. To access this, select the More icon, which is displayed as three small dots in the top right of the window, and then select New InPrivate window. As with Chrome, the same search history isn’t saved, such as temporary internet files like cookies, browsing history, form data, and downloaded files and bookmarks stick around even after you close the InPrivate window. Microsoft's browsers also disable any third-party toolbars you might have installed when you start an InPrivate session. Mozilla Firefox Mozilla’s private browsing feature in FireFox is simply called ‘Private Browsing mode’ and offers the same privacy tools as Chrome and Edge. However, FireFox offers an additional tool that others browsers don’t to make browsing even more safe, and that’s called Tracking Protection. This is said to prevent companies from tracking your browsing history across multiple sites so they can’t record your browsing habits. There are two ways to open a new Private Window in FireFox. You can either click the menu button, which is presented as three horizontal bars in the top right corner of the window, and then click New Private Window. Or you can open a link in a new Private Window by right-clicking on any link and choose Open Link in New Private Window from the context menu. Once in Private Browsing mode, the browser window will have a purple mask at the top. Safari To enable Private Browsing in Apple’s Safari browser, simply go to File > New Private Window. A window that’s using Private Browsing has a dark Smart Search field with white text. Safari's private browsing mode also removes temporary files when you close the window. Browsing history, form data, and cookies are all wiped by default. Opera Opera is a noteworthy browser when it comes to surfing privately on the web because, unlike its rivals, its Private Mode offers a VPN connection to add another layer of secrecy to your browsing activities. It's not a silver bullet in keeping your activities totally private, but it does provide additional protection. To enable this feature, you can either go through the menu: File > New Private Window. Or, you can use keyboard shortcuts: Ctrl+Shift+N for Windows and ⌘+Shift+N for Mac. Related Articles Vivaldi 1.0 FINAL promises uniquely customisable web browser for power users Google to throttle Chrome tabs to boost battery life Firefox 52 lets you send tabs to other synced devices, ups the security ante Vivaldi 1.7 introduces flexible screenshot tool, universal mute option for tabs Opera 43 adds “instant page loading”, classic link selection Source: Copyright © ITPro, Dennis Publishing See more about:  chrome  |  edge  |  how to  |  internet  |  opera  |  private browsing   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Massive data leak in US Air Force exposes details of 4,000+ officers     Yahoo CEO may depart with $23M     Google to throttle Chrome tabs to boost battery life     What we know: Google Android O     Review: Raspberry Pi Zero W DIY PC   More in Misc Software (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Minitool Partition Wizard << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Enable private browsing on any browser to keep your search history secret << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Hard Disk Sentinel 5.0 adds more test and repair tools << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Firefox 52 lets you send tabs to other synced devices, ups the security ante << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Mozilla picks Pocket for web recommendations << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Project Zero notifies Microsoft as another bug found but not patched << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Chrome users targeted with 'missing font' malware scam << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (8 of 10 articles) NEWS TeamSpy malware exploits TeamViewer in phishing campaign << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (9 of 10 articles) NEWS ForkLift 3.0 released for macOS, unveils complete redesign and rebuild << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> More in Misc Software (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Irresponsible disclosure? Google reveals bug prior to Microsoft patch << Prev Next >> View all Misc Software articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc Software News Hard Disk Sentinel 5.0 adds more test and repair tools Review One Minute Review: Minitool Partition Wizard Feature How to: Enable private browsing on any browser to keep your search history ... Gallery In Pictures: Windows 8 Aussie launch From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Best Linux distros How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco Live 2017 puts vendors, disties and channel partners together in the World of Solutions FITT celebrates women in IT and telecommunications at luncheon Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cisco welcomes channel partners to Cisco Live 2017 Staples sells Australian business to private investment firm Platinum Equity The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 iPhone owners warned to back up data before iOS 10.3 CIO out of Brisbane council in wake of TechOne saga Optus’ first blackspot base station connects all ten residents of William Creek AFP hints at 'developments' in Census investigation 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti - single card 4k gaming! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Smart condo conundrum: Talk to appliances, or text them? News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Smart condo conundrum: Talk to appliances, or text them? In today's so-called smart home, you can dim the lights, order more toothpaste or tell the kids to go to bed simply by talking to a small Wifi-connected speaker, such as Amazon's Echo or Google's Home. Posted 13 Mar 2017 07:56 CEO of Unified Inbox Toby Ruckert demonstrates how he uses his smartphone to control electrical appliances in a simulation software in Singapore March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: In today's so-called smart home, you can dim the lights, order more toothpaste or tell the kids to go to bed simply by talking to a small Wifi-connected speaker, such as Amazon's Echo or Google's Home. This voice-first market - combining voice with artificial intelligence (AI) - barely existed in 2014. This year, Voice Labs, a consultancy, expects 24.5 million appliances to be shipped. Other big tech firms have their own plans: Apple is taking its Siri voice assistant beyond its mobile devices to PCs, cars, and the home; Baidu last month bought Raven, billed as China's answer to Amazon's Alexa intelligent personal assistant; and Samsung Electronics plans to incorporate Viv, its newly acquired virtual assistant, into its phones and home appliances. But not everyone thinks the future of communicating with the Internet of Things needs to be vocal. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, for example, was working on Jarvis, his own voice-powered AI home automation, and found he preferred communicating by text because, he wrote, "mostly it feels less disturbing to people around me." And several major appliance makers have turned to a small Singapore firm, Unified Inbox, which offers a service that can handle ordinary text messages and pass them on to appliances. With your home added to the contacts list on, say, WhatsApp, a quick text message can "start the coffee machine"; "turn on the vacuum cleaner at 5 p.m."; or "preheat the oven to 200 degrees at 6.30 p.m." "Think of it as a universal translator between the languages that machines speak ... and us humans," said Toby Ruckert, a German former concert pianist and now Unified Inbox's CEO. The company is just a small player, funded by private investors, but Ruckert says its technology is patent-backed, has been several years in the making, and has customers that include half of the world's smart appliance makers, such as Bosch. Unified Inbox connects the devices on behalf of the manufacturer, while the consumer can add their appliance by messaging its serial number to a special user account or phone number. It so far supports more than 20 of the most popular messaging apps, as well SMS and Twitter, and controls appliances from ovens to kettles. Other home appliances being tested include locks, garage openers, window blinds, toasters and garden sprinklers, says Ruckert. "People aren't going to want a different interface for all the different appliances in their home," says Jason Jameson, of IBM, which is pairing its Watson AI supercomputer with Unified Inbox to better understand user messages. They will this week demonstrate the service working with a Samsung Robot Cleaner. "The common denominator is the smartphone, and even more common is the messaging app," Jameson notes. "TROJAN HORSE" There's another reason, Ruckert says, why more than half of the world's smart appliance manufacturers have signed up. They're worried the big tech companies' one-appliance-controls-all approach will relegate them to commodity players, connecting to Alexa or another dominant platform, or being cast aside if Amazon moves into making its own household appliances. "Our customers are quite afraid of the likes of Amazon," Ruckert said. "Having a Trojan horse in a customer's home, like Echo, that they must integrate with to stay competitive is a nightmare for them." An Amazon spokesperson said the company was "excited by the early response by smart home device manufacturers and even more excited by the customer response," but declined to speculate about future plans. A spokesperson for Bosch said no single company can knit the Internet of Things together, so "there is a need to collaborate and establish ecosystems," such as working with Unified Inbox. Already the race is on to incorporate other services into these home hubs. Amazon allows third parties to develop apps, or "skills", for Alexa. It has more than 10,000 of these, with many added in just the past three months. Most are developed by firms using Amazon's software toolkit and range from telling jokes to ordering food. And Amazon makes it easy for other hardware makers to incorporate Alexa into their appliances, increasing its reach. Chinese device maker Lenovo has embedded Alexa in its speakers, while General Electric has it in a lamp - meaning users can control these devices by voice, and use them to order products from Amazon. LG Electronics and Huawei are also working on Alexa-enabled devices, Amazon said. Text messaging, though, may yet break down those walls. As Zuckerberg noted, the volume of text messages is growing much faster than the number of voice calls. "This suggests that future AI products cannot be solely focused on voice, and will need a private messaging interface as well," he says. EVEN SMARTER Some companies are already looking further ahead, and doing away with the need for any human instruction - whether by voice or text - by making machines smarter at learning our habits and anticipating them. LG, for example, is using deep learning to make its appliances understand and avoid objects in a room, or fill an ice tray based on a user's cold drink habits. At Unified Inbox, Ruckert looks ahead to being able to communicate not only with one's own appliances but with machines elsewhere. Bosch executives in Singapore, for example, have demonstrated how a user could ask a smart CCTV camera how many people were in a particular room. Ruckert is also working with Singapore's Nanyang Polytechnic to send updates to family members or staff direct from hospital equipment attached to patients. And smart appliance entrepreneur James Dyson said in a recent interview that the future lies in what he calls "highly intelligent automation". "For me, the future is making everything happen for you without you being particularly involved in it." - Reuters/mz Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Flirting with the Dark Side Anthony Caruana 13 March, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Over the last few weeks, as regular readers will recall, I’ve been using a Windows computer for some of my work. As part of that, I’ve also been using Google’s Chrome and Gmail software so that I can enjoy a consistent user experience across all my devices (iPhone, iPad, Mac, Windows PC). This has not been smooth sailing. Part of the problem lies with Apple’s stubbornness in not letting me choose what applications I’d prefer to use on my iOS devices. Setting Chrome as the default browser for all links can’t be done in iOS unless I acquiesce to Google’s will and use all their applications all the time. But this is not possible in my experience. Why I can make those decisions on my Mac and not on iOS, where the applications are supposedly curated and checked to ensure they are safe is a mystery to me. In short, Apple will be getting their own way soon as I move back to using Mail and Safari on my iPhone and iPad Pro. On my Windows PC, my journey has been quite rocky. I suspect the issues lie in more than one area. After finding a free (and I assume legal as I didn’t use a VPN or do anything tricky) stream of the Australia vs India test cricket, my computer mysteriously shut down. On restarting, there was an error message telling me the computer could not restart and that I was basically down to using a recovery disk or USB to get started. Naturally, that was something I didn’t have handy. The PC I’m using is not new. I purchased it when Windows 7 was the thing to have in the Windows world and it has been upgraded through to Windows 10. To cut to the chase, I created a recovery USB stick, restarted with it and repaired my installation. But the next morning the same problem recurred so I cut my losses and decided to fully reinstall Windows 10. What have I learned? I’ve had the occasional Mac curl up its toes on me. I’ve always had a recovery option, on a USB stick handy, just in case. I now have the same thing for Windows. And every now and then, a fresh installation is not a bad thing. With the Mac, we’ve become accustomed to annual updates and we simply layer them one on top of the other. It is inevitable, particularly if you’re a bit of a tinkerer, that you’ll accumulate some cruft that makes your computer run less than at its best. What’s your maintenance plan? Do you keep a recovery disk or USB stick handy just in case? Do you regularly reinstall macOS (or OS X as it was known) every year or two? Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Review: Television for iPhone What does the iPad mean for gamers? Mobile carriers Vodafone, 3 to merge Facebook rolls out free phone calls for iPhone in US, Canada iFitness HD Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts What happens to facial recognition and other information when copying a Photos library to a new Mac Shay Levy has a 115GB Photos library, and has spent years marking faces and entering keywords. Shay is worried that this information will be lost when... What’s happening with Macworld Australia? Readers will be aware the February issue of Macworld Australia has been delayed. We are doing our best to continue to bring you a locally produced printed... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide House Of Marley - Smile Jamaica BT In-Ear Headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Security FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Jump to navigation Subscribe Donate Main menu australia world analysis culture Search form Search Calendar Green Left TV Green Left Radio Twitter Facebook RSS WikiLeaks publishes secret CIA documents revealing huge scale of spying Monday, March 13, 2017 WikiLeaks has published what it says is the largest leak of secret CIA documents in history. The thousands of documents published on March 6, dubbed “Vault 7”, describe CIA programs and tools that are capable of hacking into Apple and Android mobile phones. By hacking into entire phones, the CIA is then reportedly able to bypass encrypted messenger programs such as Signal, Telegram and WhatsApp. However, contrary to many news reports, the documents do not show the CIA has developed tools to hack these encrypted services themselves. The documents also outline a CIA and British intelligence program called “Weeping Angel”, through which the spy agency can hack into a Samsung smart television and turn it into a surveillance device that records audio conversations, even when it appears to be off. Other documents describe ways to hack into Skype, Wi-Fi networks, PDFs and commercial antivirus programs. The leak also shows the CIA has reportedly looked for ways to hack into cars and trucks, which WikiLeaks said “would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations”. Other documents outline how the CIA has used the US Consulate in Frankfurt, Germany, as a covert base to spy on Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The release totals 7818 web pages and 943 attachments, which WikiLeaks says comes from the CIA’s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. Some of the material was redacted by WikiLeaks to avoid releasing the actual computer code used in the programs. WikiLeaks says the release is only the first batch of many more secret CIA documents. The CIA has refused to comment on the authenticity of the documents. But at least one anonymous government official told The New York Times the documents were real. Another a former intelligence officer told the NYT the code names used in the documents appeared to be accurate. WikiLeaks did not reveal the source of the leak, but did say the source “wishes to initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons”. On Twitter, NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden said: “The CIA reports show the [US government] developing vulnerabilities in US products, then intentionally keeping the holes open. Reckless beyond words.” [Reprinted from Democracy Now!] 1129 International News Featured Content Mike Baird’s hopeless quest to build 'respect' for National Australia Bank "Former NSW Premier Mike Baird has enthusiastically accepted a job at the National Australia Bank as chief customer officer, in order to spend less Read more Donate now Get connected YouTube Green Left Radio Twitter Facebook RSS Activist calendar March « » S M T W T F S       1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   11   12   13   14   15   16   17   18   19   20   21   22   23   24   25   26   27   28   29   30   31     Sections australia world analysis culture General activist calendar back issues contact subscribe donate Sites Links Journal Resistance books Socialist Alliance About Green Left — the need for alternative media In these days of growing media concentration, Green Left Weekly is a proudly independent voice committed to human and civil rights, global peace and environmental sustainability, democracy and equality. By printing the news and ideas the mainstream media won't, Green Left Weekly exposes the lies and distortions of the power brokers and helps us to better understand the world around us. Read more about Green Left Weekly...
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad Samsung Galaxy S7 Nougat Performance Adam Mills03/09/2017 Some Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge users are complaining about poor performance after installing Android Nougat. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Nougat update is an exciting update but as the Galaxy S7 Nougat release grows we’re starting to see users complain about a variety of Galaxy S7 Android Nougat problems. Galaxy S7 users in the United States and elsewhere are running into pesky bugs and they’re also experiencing frustrating performance issues after installing the Android 7.0 Nougat update on their device. Abnormal battery drain and broken connectivity are part of the problem but some Galaxy S7 users are noticing lag, lockups and freezes after installing Android Nougat. Fixing performance issues can be a bit tricky but there are a few things to try before you get in contact with Samsung or your carrier. Today we want to outline some ways to improve Galaxy S7 Nougat performance on your Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge. Some of these tips require a lot of effort. Others simply require you to start using some of the features Samsung delivered with its Android Nougat update. Galaxy S7 Nougat Battery Life Let’s start with battery life and connectivity issues. Some Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge users are noticing bad battery life after installing Android Nougat. Android 7.0 Nougat isn’t supposed to harm the device’s battery life. In fact, with features like Doze On-The-Go on board, it’s supposed to help it. If you start noticing bad Galaxy S7 Nougat battery life, don’t panic. There’s a very good chance you’ll be able to fix the problem yourself. If you just installed Nougat on your Galaxy S7, give it a couple of days. Sometimes it takes two or three days for new software to even out. If you’ve had Nougat on your device for a while now, you’ll need to take action. We’ve put together a long list of strategies to obtain better battery life on the Galaxy S7 and it’s worth a look if you don’t know what to do. Use Download Booster Noticing slower download speeds after installing Android 7.0 Nougat on your Galaxy S7? Try Download Booster. When enabled, Download Booster will download files larger than 30MB using Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity at the same time. If your Wi-Fi signal is strong, you’ll see blazing fast download speeds. To enable Download Booster, go to Connections > More connection settings > Download booster and enable it. Just remember to use this sparingly because it could eat up a lot of your data plan. Fix Poor Connectivity If your Galaxy S7’s connections are struggling with Nougat on board, take a look at our list of fixes for GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth problems. Restart Your Phone If you’re noticing UI lag or freezes, and you haven’t restarted your Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge in a while, try a simple restart. Power it down and then power it up again. Your phone might feel like new. Cleanup Your Galaxy S7 Use Nougat’s arrival as an opportunity to cleanup your Samsung Galaxy S7’s files and data. If you’ve owned your Galaxy S7 for a year, there’s a good chance you’ve accumulated tons of stuff on your phone. Some of you might even be nearing the threshold of your device’s internal storage. Even if you aren’t, it would be a good idea to get rid of files, apps and anything else you no longer need on your device. A little cleanup could go a long way toward improving your Galaxy S7 Nougat performance. Disable Widgets Widgets are extremely useful but they can also eat up your device’s resources. This is why we recommend getting rid of them, at least temporarily, to see if that helps boost Galaxy S7 Nougat’s performance. To delete a Widget simply hold down on it and drag it to Remove. You can always add Widgets back to your home screen if you determine they aren’t what’s dragging down your Galaxy S7’s or your Galaxy S7 Edge’s performance. Disable Apps You might also want to consider sleeping or disabling certain applications on your Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge. Sleeping an app will disable its core functions and features. This is useful for apps that are known battery and CPU hogs and apps that send out tons of notifications. If you want to take it a step further, you can disable apps completely. We’ve put together a quick guide that takes you through the process. Once you get the hang of it you’ll be able to sleep and disable apps whenever necessary. Use Device Maintenance If you’re noticing abnormal amounts of lag and stuttering after installing Android Nougat on board your device, dig into Device Maintenance. On the Galaxy S7’s Settings screen tap Device Maintenance and then go to RAM. To reduce the amount of RAM your device is using, check apps from the apps list, and tap on Clean Now. Use Nougat’s Performance Mode The Galaxy S7 Nougat update comes equipped with some awesome features including a new Performance Mode function. Performance Mode is found in Device Maintenance. Performance Mode includes a Normal Mode for every day use, a Game Mode for when you’re gaming, an Entertainment Mode, and a High Performance Mode where it’ll use highest quality settings. For more on Performance Mode, take a look at our full rundown of the new feature. Turn Off S Voice S Voice, Samsung’s equivalent to Apple’s Siri, can be very useful. If you rely on it, this step will be a tough one to pull off. If you can do without S Voice (temporarily or permanently) you might notice a bump to your Galaxy S7’s performance. S Voice can be a resource hog. To completely disable S Voice on your Galaxy S7 you’ll want to head into Applications Manager, find S Voice, tap on it, and tap on Disable. You can always enable S Voice again if you determine it’s not responsible for your device’s poor performance on Nougat. Hidden Developer Mode The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge both feature a hidden developer mode that could help you speed up your device in a matter of seconds. We’ve put together a step-by-step walkthrough that will hold your hands through the process. It’s worth a look if you’re short on time. Use Another Launcher If none of these fixes help and you’re willing to replace Samsung Experience (TouchWiz) with another launcher, it’s probably worth a shot. Samsung’s made some improvements to its user interface but it can still feel bulky and it still plays a role in your device’s performance. Potentially, a negative one. We highly recommend trying the popular Nova Launcher on the Google Play Store. Nova Launcher comes with tons of customization options that could help you get a handle on your device’s performance. Try Rooting Nougat If you’ve exhausted all of these steps, and your performance still isn’t adequate, it might be time to take a more drastic approach. You might try rooting Galaxy S7 Nougat. Developers recently released a working root for the Qualcomm-powered versions of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge and it might be worth a try if you’re running out of options and/or time. Rooting allows you to delete apps and services that you normally wouldn’t be able to get rid of. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are loaded up with bloat, particularly carrier models. We’ve gone over the pros and cons of rooting a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge and it’s worth a look if you’re out of ideas. Start from Scratch This step should only be used as a last-ditch resort and only after you’ve backed up all of your important files in the cloud or on a microSD card. If your performance is out of control, it might be worth it to start from scratch. In other words, erase everything on your phone and start anew. There is a very good chance this will help you get control on your Galaxy S7’s performance but know that it will be a time-consuming process, particularly if you have a ton of apps, files and customization on your device. To do this on Nougat, go to Settings > General management > Reset > Factory data reset > Reset Device > Delete All. 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 6 Reasons You Should Install Nougat If You Want Better Security   1 / 9 Let's start with some basics. If you value your security, and most of you probably do, you'll want to think about installing the Galaxy S7 Nougat update soon after it arrives for your device.  Every month, Google and Samsung release important security patches for Android devices. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Android Nougat updates should bring the latest security patches to your device. Samsung's initial batch of Galaxy S7 Nougat updates delivered the company's January security update while upcoming updates could deliver the patches from the February security update. You can read more about their contents on Samsung's website.  If you failed to download or receive an older security update (December, November, etc), the patches from those updates might be baked into your version of Nougat. If not, you might be forced to install them manually before you can download Nougat.  On top of the patches, Samsung's Galaxy S7 Nougat update brings Samsung Pass, a way to secure your identity using biometric data rather than entering your password or ID.  Samsung Pass is like a master key for your various logins and it relies on Galaxy S7's fingerprint scanner. The biometric data is encrypted and stored safely by Samsung Knox.   1 / 9 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Samsung Will Reportedly Phase Out Fingerprint Scanners By Tyler Lee on 03/12/2017 18:53 PDT With Samsung introducing iris scanning technology in the Note 7 last year, it would seem as though the company is looking to transition away from fingerprint scanning, which is more or less the de facto biometric security solution offered up at the moment. However based on the leaked photos of the Samsung Galaxy S8, it seems that the fingerprint sensor is here to stay. However it might not be staying for too long, according to a recent tweet by @mmddj_china (via PhoneArena) who apparently quotes a Samsung staff as saying that the company plans to kill off the fingerprint scanner as it is “obsolete”. However like we said with the Galaxy S8 photos showing the fingerprint sensor, presumably this will apply to phones after that, like maybe with the Galaxy Note 8. “We will kill the fingerprint,it’s Obsolete.”A Samsung staff said. — 萌萌的电教 (@mmddj_china) March 10, 2017 It should be noted that Samsung is also apparently introducing a facial recognition system with the Galaxy S8. This is meant to replace the “slower” iris scanning technology, but that of course remains to be seen. The notion of Samsung ditching fingerprints isn’t exactly surprising either because last we heard, Apple was considering a similar move as well. There have also been rumors that Apple is considering using facial recognition technology for its 2017 iPhone, which will be interesting as it will finally kill off the home button that has been an iPhone feature ever since its inception. Take this with a grain of salt, but how would you guys feel if future handsets no longer relied on fingerprint technology, but facial recognition instead? Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Samsung and Security. Related Articles 2017-03-15 Samsung Galaxy S8 Pre-Orders Reportedly Kicking Off April 7 2017-03-15 Samsung Rumored To Supply 2018 iPhone ‘A12’ Chipsets 2017-03-15 Samsung ‘Bixby’ Name Confirmed Again On Samsung’s Website 2017-03-15 2018 Winter Olympics Might Be Broadcasted In VR 2017-03-14 Samsung Might Have Revealed Some Galaxy S8 Features 2017-03-14 Samsung Commits To Monthly Security Updates For Unlocked Galaxy Phones 2017-03-13 Samsung ‘Ran Out Of Time’ For Galaxy S8’s On-Screen Fingerprint Scanner 2017-03-09 Galaxy S8 Rumored To Feature Facial Recognition System 2017-02-24 Samsung Launches Secure Folder App For Galaxy S7/S7 Edge Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy New Yorkers stockpile supplies as massive snowstorm looms By Priscilla DeGregory, Elizabeth Rosner and David K. Li View author archive Get author RSS feed View author archive Get author RSS feed View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 12, 2017 | 10:07pm | Updated March 13, 2017 | 12:18pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: snow Commuters get wiped out by massive Amtrak 'avalanche' Hothead stabs neighbor over noisy snowblower: cops Snowplow finds body of teen shot, left for dead Taking the subway is still a mess after wimpy winter storm New Yorkers are feverishly loading up on food, shovels and salt as they brace for a massive snowstorm. With 12 to 18 inches expected to blanket New York City starting at around 2 a.m. Tuesday, people need to be prepared to hunker down indoors, forecasters said. “Traveling on Tuesday is going to be a no go, to be honest with you,” AccuWeather meteorologist Tom Kines said. “All travel, by land or air, is going to be a problem. If you have a choice of staying home on Tuesday, I would choose to stay home.” The snow is expected to fall throughout the day and night and continue as a light dusting Wednesday morning. The effects of the heavy snow will be made even worse by the wind, which will include gusts up to 30 mph and make it feel like single-digit temperatures outside, forecasters said. Even as the snow lets up by Wednesday, the blustery winds will remain. The mid-March storm — which follows warm days that flirted with the 60s this month — left New Yorkers dizzy as they stocked up on supplies Sunday. Cash registers at the Home Depot at the Bronx Terminal Market were ringing nonstop with shoppers like Mary Ann Vascotto, a Harlem teacher, who was grabbing 50 pounds of salt. “I’ll probably have the day off because I’m a teacher — hopefully. I think we were all caught by surprise because the snow is supposed to be over by now,” said Vascotto, 56. Another shopper, Desiree Tindall, wasn’t taking any chances. “You don’t want to take the chance. You want to prepare yourself — flashlights, I have buckets, batteries, extra waters, everything you think about it,” said Tindall, 40, a social worker. Some city dwellers worried they wouldn’t be able to get takeout. “Do you know what is worse than 18 inches of snow? No food delivery,” grad student Jen Marcus, 24, said while loading up on groceries at a Morton Williams in Greenwich Village. New York City has seen 19.4 inches of snowfall so far this year — a bit more than the 18.3 inches that would be normal for this time, according to AccuWeather. The average New York City snowfall through the end of March is 20.2 inches, so the 12 to 18 inches expected this week would put the Big Apple above average. Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered the state’s Emergency Operations Center to be up and running Monday night, with other state agencies on notice to send staff and equipment to deal with blizzard conditions. The city Department of Sanitation issued a snow alert for Monday night, meaning it will have crews loading salt spreaders, attaching plows and making other preparations. A city Department of Education representative could not be immediately reached for comment. City schools have had just one snow day so far this academic year. The MTA “plans to keep the region’s transit services up and running during harsh winter weather conditions,” Cuomo’s office said. Additional reporting by Selim Algar and Michael Gartland Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under extreme weather ,  snow ,  storms ,  weather ,  winter ,  winter storm stella Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Man likely to die after street corner stabbing Read Next Man likely to die after street corner stabbing Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 59,715 Woman celebrating 21st birthday killed in car crash 36,378 Man allegedly planted bomb at Port Authority Bus Terminal 33,070 NBC fuming over Maddow's Trump tax scoop 32,577 Matt Harvey caught kissing Adriana Lima Columnists Jennifer Gould Keil Taste of the Upper West Side festival set to expand Steve Cuozzo Blame Anthony Bourdain for ruining New York SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On Tiki Barber heads to Israel to run marathon What exactly is Adriana Lima smoking on her date with Matt Harvey? 50 Cent’s ‘Power’ director talks show heading to big screen SEE ALL Video Armie Hammer really likes favoriting bondage tweets on Twitter More Stories pagesix NBC fuming over Maddow's Trump tax scoop Now On Decider The Hottest Orgy Scenes in Movie History nypost Woman celebrating 21st birthday killed in car crash New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work 3.14 essential reads about π for Pi Day March 12, 2017 8.41pm EDT Jeff Inglis Author Jeff Inglis Editor, Science + Technology, The Conversation Partners View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. We need just a little more party hat… Yelp/Flickr, CC BY-NC-ND Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Editor’s note: The following is a roundup of archival stories. On March 14, or 3/14, mathematicians and other obscure-holiday aficionados celebrate Pi Day, honoring π, the Greek symbol representing an irrational number that begins with 3.14. Pi, as schoolteachers everywhere repeat, represents the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its diameter. What is Pi Day, and what, really, do we know about π anyway? Here are three-and-bit-more articles to round out your Pi Day festivities. A silly holiday First off, a reflection on this “holiday” construct. Pi itself is very important, writes mathematics professor Daniel Ullman of George Washington University, but celebrating it is absurd: The Gregorian calendar, the decimal system, the Greek alphabet, and pies are relatively modern, human-made inventions, chosen arbitrarily among many equivalent choices. Of course a mood-boosting piece of lemon meringue could be just what many math lovers need in the middle of March at the end of a long winter. But there’s an element of absurdity to celebrating π by noting its connections with these ephemera, which have themselves no connection to π at all, just as absurd as it would be to celebrate Earth Day by eating foods that start with the letter “E.” And yet, here we are, looking at the calendar and getting goofily giddy about the sequence of numbers it shows us. There’s never enough In fact, as Jon Borwein of the University of Newcastle and David H. Bailey of the University of California, Davis, document, π is having a sustained cultural moment, popping up in literature, film and song: Sometimes the attention given to pi is annoying. On 14 August 2012, the U.S. Census Office announced the population of the country had passed exactly 314,159,265. Such precision was, of course, completely unwarranted. But sometimes the attention is breathtakingly pleasurable. Come to think of it, pi can indeed be a source of great pleasure. Apple’s always comforting, and cherry packs a tart pop. Chocolate cream, though, might just be where it’s at. Strange connections Of course π appears in all kinds of places that relate to circles. But it crops up in other places, too – often where circles are hiding in plain sight. Lorenzo Sadun, a professor of mathematics at the University of Texas at Austin, explores surprising appearances: Pi also crops up in probability. The function f(x)=e-x², where e=2.71828… is Euler’s number, describes the most common probability distribution seen in the real world, governing everything from SAT scores to locations of darts thrown at a target. The area under this curve is exactly the square root of π. It’s enough to make your head spin. Historical pi If you want to engage with π more directly, follow the lead of Georgia State University mathematician Xiaojing Ye, whose guide starts thousands of years ago: The earliest written approximations of pi are 3.125 in Babylon (1900-1600 B.C.) and 3.1605 in ancient Egypt (1650 B.C.). Both approximations start with 3.1 – pretty close to the actual value, but still relatively far off. By the end of his article, you’ll find a method to calculate π for yourself. You can even try it at home! An irrational bonus And because π is irrational, we’ll irrationally give you even one more, from education professor Gareth Ffowc Roberts at Bangor University in Wales, who highlights the very humble beginnings of the symbol π: After attending a charity school, William Jones of the parish of Llanfihangel Tre’r Beirdd landed a job as a merchant’s accountant and then as a maths teacher on a warship, before publishing A New Compendium of the Whole Art of Navigation, his first book in 1702 on the mathematics of navigation. On his return to Britain he began to teach maths in London, possibly starting by holding classes in coffee shops for a small fee. Shortly afterwards he published “Synopsis palmariorum matheseos,” a summary of the current state of the art developments in mathematics which reflected his own particular interests. In it is the first recorded use of the symbol π as the number that gives the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its diameter. What made him realize that this ratio needed a symbol to represent a numeric value? And why did he choose π? It’s all Greek to us. Mathematics Pi Pi Day Essential Reads Tweet Share Get newsletter You might also like This “pi plate” shows some of the progress toward finding all the digits of pi. Piledhigheranddeeper The search for the value of pi Pi is at the center of all circles. Holger Motzkau Pi pops up where you don’t expect it Pi pie Are Pi’s days numbered? Would anyone like a slice of my π pie? Tarehna Wicker Pi Day is silly, but π itself is fascinating and universal Most popular on The Conversation Why losing a dog can be harder than losing a relative or friend Pi pops up where you don’t expect it Why Trump’s ‘skinny’ budget is already dead From the mundane to the divine, some of the best-designed products of all time Trump’s immigration executive orders: The demise of due process and discretion Why we should not know our own passwords Draining the swamp: A guide for outsiders and career politicians Largest deportation campaign in US history is no match for Trump’s plan Here’s why your gut instinct is wrong at work – and how to know when it isn’t How the US military is using ‘violent, chaotic, beautiful’ video games to train soldiers Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 47,600 academics and researchers from 1,971 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Forget the bunny ears: Snap is a serious deal for Gulf investors   By:   Frank Kane   13-Mar-17 218 Top News ‘Haqqani’s statement not a big thing’   17-Mar-17 72 KARACHI: Former prime minister ... Senator Babar tables report and draft of RTI bill 17-Mar-17 73 ISLAMABAD: Special Committee o ...     What should investors in Arabian Gulf markets make of Snap, the "camera company" that last week took Wall Street by storm with a multibillion-dollar initial public offering (IPO) that soared to a 44 percent premium on its first day of trading? The Snap listing is of interest not only because its Snapchat app has been enthusiastically embraced by social media addicts in the region, with the UAE and Saudi Arabia ranked among the fastest-growing markets for the product worldwide. Its youthful user profile - the majority are in the 18-34 age bracket - fits in perfectly with Gulf demographics. The California-based company, founded by tech entrepreneurs Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy, was so impressed by the potential of the regional markets, especially the UAE and Saudi Arabia, that it opened its Middle East HQ in Dubai's Internet City late last year. Given this two-way affinity between the Arab market and the company, it looks pretty certain that Gulf investors would have been among the early investors who piled into Snap stock and enjoyed such a bumper short-term return. When the share register settles down enough to be analyzed, I would be amazed if there were not some regionally familiar names there, either in a private capacity or as big institutional money from the likes of sovereign wealth funds and family offices. So what happens to Snap shares going forward is of immediate interest in the Gulf, but it must be said the jury is still out as to future share price performance. The Wall Street professionals who brought Snap to market have a wealth of experience in pricing these things and they have definitely caught the wave in many respects. Snap combines technology, entrepreneurial skill and demographics in a way that gets the prospectus writers salivating. Following Facebook or Twitter? There have been comparisons with the big trio of Apple, Google and Facebook as long-term growth stocks, and reminders that anybody who got into those IPOs at an early stage would have made their money back many times over by now. But early investors do not always get it right. Twitter shares also soared to a big early premium, but have since fallen back to earth with a bump. So the question is: Will Snap be like Facebook, or like Twitter? There are some persuasive reasons why it will be the latter. For each of the positives that made for such a first-day sensation on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), there is a sound counter-argument that it will eventually crash and burn. Facebook was profitable when it went public in 2012; Snap made a loss of $515 million last year. Facebook had already carved itself a dominant social media niche; in fact it virtually invented the concept. But there are fears that Snap's appeal will be as short-lived as the bunny ears and rainbow vomit superimposed on the images its users share. Facebook and Google were able to quickly establish supremacy in the Internet advertising markets; Snap is already facing concerns about its ad growth amid fierce competition from rivals in the online media space, not least Google and Facebook themselves. There is one other big reason why investors should be cautious about Snap shares. Uniquely in modern IPOs, the founders and advisers have decided to sell shares to the public without voting rights. If anything goes wrong, shareholders have no leverage on the company. This breaks the fundamental rule of public equity investment, yet Snap has got away with it amid all the tech euphoria. The search for Gulf unicorns With these reservations around Snap, it is no surprise that some pessimists are calling the IPO the top of the current equity boom market and are warning of a re-run of the dot-com bust of 2000. But let us assume all those fears are exaggerated and Snap goes on to become a Facebook-like success. That would be a major boost for investment markets and a positive encouragement to other small companies that are seeking to become "unicorns" - start-ups that grow to earn their backers a $1 billion valuation. Gulf markets would take heart from that. With all the regional interest in social media and e-commerce, many analysts believe it will not be long before the region finds its own unicorns, which could get IPOs back in fashion in the Gulf.  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « MATTHEW CONTINETTI: Republican Health Care Bill ‘Is Basically a Place Setter.’ Continetti ex… LATE-NIGHT LEGEND DAVID LETTERMAN’S UGLY PERSONALITY NO LAUGHING MATTER, FORMER COLLEAGUES SAY: The… » March 12, 2017 PROGRESS: Why Your Dad’s 30-Year-Old Stereo System Sounds Better Than Your New One. “The receiver engineers have to devote the lion’s share of their design skills and budget to making the features work. Every year receiver manufacturers pay out more and more money (in the form of royalties and licensing fees) to Apple, Audyssey, Bluetooth, HD Radio, XM-Sirius, Dolby, DTS and other companies, and those dollars consume an ever bigger chunk of the design budget. The engineers have to make do with whatever is left to make the receiver sound good.” Tweet   Posted by Glenn Reynolds at 8:03 pm Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Frucor taps Dimension Data for cloud journey Frucor taps Dimension Data for cloud journey Dimension Data to drive data centre consolidation and applications shift to the cloud under multi-year contract Rob O'Neill (New Zealand Reseller News) 13 March, 2017 08:58 - - - - print email Comments A complete review and consolidation of drinks company Frucor’s IT infrastructure, network and SAP environment, including a shift it to the cloud, is underway after the company inked a deal with IT services provider Dimension Data. The project will see consolidation of Frucor’s data centres from seven to just two to support more nimble service delivery and cost savings, said Frucor’s group Digital Strategy and Planning Manager, Gavin Sharkey. “Dimension Data’s Managed Cloud Platform (MCP) offers an excellent solution for Frucor that unifies the New Zealand and Australian businesses, and brings more resilience to the company,” Sharkey said. MCP is Dimension Data’s on-demand cloud services delivery platform. MCP comprises servers, tiered storage and network infrastructure coupled with virtualisation technology, operating system software, and proprietary cloud management technology. For Frucor, the project is not just about incorporating more technology, but about transformation into a digital business, Sharkey said. “We will have better access to our production and supplier information, enabling us to make better informed decisions, providing improved customer service, and ultimately optimising the way we work," he said. "The cost savings will be reinvested in the next phase of our digital transformation programme.” Dimension Data’s Next Generation Data Centre Leader, Marcel Rafter, said Frucor recognises it will need to readdress its IT requirements on an ongoing basis to continue to grow and stay ahead. Read More: Apple and SAP hope to create a new class of iOS developers Ingram Micro's Cloud Referral Program goes global How Datacom transformed Santos' data through Cisco Cloudability acquires Aussie AWS partner ​Dimension Data appoints new NZ CEO Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags frucorCloudMarcel Rafterdimension data Read next Adobe Reader, Edge, Safari, and Ubuntu fall during first day at Pwn2Own ​Digital transformation dominates as Microsoft NZ unveils Partner Awards finalists What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. IBM fits a bit on an atom, eyeing ever-smaller devices   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 07:13AM Windows 10 'servicing stack' update cripples some PCs 06:20AM ​First jail sentence in dodgy mobile reseller case 06:08AM ​Security strategies shift as detection and response priorities prevail 05:42AM ​Why Larry Ellison’s continued criticism of AWS is tech’s biggest case of fake n... More News ​First jail sentence in dodgy mobile reseller case ​Digital transformation dominates as Microsoft NZ unveils Partner Awards finalists Reseller News Events 30 Mar Reseller News Connect - Securing your future as an MSP 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
