Recent Posts OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226 Google Home first impressions Dropped iPhone 7 Plus goes boom in China AirPods may skip Black Friday, ship in December 10.9-inch bezelless iPad also on the table, claims Barclays Recent Comments Anonymous on Google Home first impressions Anonymous on Google Offers iOS Devs Enhanced Chrome Support Anonymous on Could a tall BlackBerry DTEK70 really have an intractable keyboard? Anonymous on Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is here… if here means Singapore Anonymous on Project CSX vote gives SpiderPhone the win for ZTE to build and sell Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals iOS 294 Is Apple using “slower” flash storage on the iPhone 7? Probably not… by Juan Carlos BagnellOctober 9, 2016 3:09 pm Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement A recently story popped up from our pals at GSMArena regarding the performance differences between various models of iPhones. Comparing the base model 32GB iPhone 7 against the 128GB iPhone 7 and the 64GB iPhone 6S, they found the base model couldn’t read and write to storage as quickly as the mid tier iPhones. The hypothesis: Apple is using “slower” storage in the base model phones. Now, it’s tricky gauging overall performance from synthetic benchmarks, and happily GSMArena also included their own video test to confirm the performance deficit, but we’re not entirely sure we’re all arriving at the right conclusion. From testing a handful of iPhones, we think the iPhone 7’s performance is entirely consistent with previous Apple releases, and how flash storage works in general. Conducting a quick round up with the the 16GB iPhone SE, 16GB iPhone 6S, and the 32GB iPhone 7 (all base model phones) we see very similar read and write performance across all three phones. No appreciable benefit or loss across model years, if maybe an advantage to the newest iPhone for reading data stored on the device. Does this mean Apple has always “punished” people buying the base model iPhones? Sort of? Maybe? Probably not? The issue might land on how flash storage works, and for that we can look at desktop Solid State Drives. As a general rule, larger SSDs perform better than smaller drives. Is it because larger drives have higher quality “faster” flash memory chips? Nope. It’s because larger drives use MORE of the same chips, and the controller on that drive can read and write more information in parallel. As a poor metaphor, a smaller drive is like having one really nice work truck to move stuff around. If you double the storage, you aren’t doubling the size of the truck, you’re now using TWO trucks to move stuff around. This is likely what’s happening on the iPhone. GSMArena found an almost eight-fold increase in write speeds between the 32GB and 128GB models of iPhone 7. That’s not inconsistent with the notion that Apple might be using two 64GB chips, or maybe even four 32GB chips (less likely), to increase the storage. We honestly won’t know until someone tears apart a more expensive iPhone, but we doubt Apple has a single 128GB NAND chip in there which can perform eight times better. Is it unfortunate that Apple can’t normalize performance across all models of the iPhone? Yes it is. We just don’t see this as much of a scandal given how computers and flash storage work. We don’t see any evidence to suggest that Apple is using “cheaper” components on the base model iPhones. Yet, it’s another example though, where we’re always inclined to recommend people invest in at least the middle tier iPhone, if they can, to really maximize their smartphone investment. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 0% Want It 0% Had It 0% Hated It 0% Posted In iOS, Phones Tags Apple, Benchmarks, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Apple, Benchmarks, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus About The Author Juan Carlos Bagnell Juan has been geeking out on personal computing since before PCs had GUIs. After studying Theatre in college, Juan worked with a contractor that supported servers and mobile devices for Department of Energy facilities. After moving to Los Angeles California, and working as a commercial casting director, he now dedicates his time to discussing the tech landscape as a consumer advocate. You’ll often see him pop in local news broadcasts. Passionate about mobile content creation, he recently published his first book on smartphone photography. You might also like AppleBenchmarksiPhone 7iPhone 7 PlusiOSPhones   Read More OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226   Read More Dropped iPhone 7 Plus goes boom in China   Read More AirPods may skip Black Friday, ship in December   Read More 10.9-inch bezelless iPad also on the table, claims Barclays   Read More The iOS 911 vulnerability was reported in 2008, usable in 2016   Read More Analysts think iPhone 8 may grow screens, stick with the same two physical sizes Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226 Google Home first impressions Dropped iPhone 7 Plus goes boom in China AirPods may skip Black Friday, ship in December 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226 Hot Takes on the Huawei Mate 9 and more… after dark | #PNWeekly 225 Surface Studio, New MacBook Pro, and Google’s Pixel Packs Power | #PNWeekly 224 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? Hangin’ with Dr. Cooper: an interview with “the father of the cellphone” 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   AT&T Stream Saver debuts next year as an opt-out 480p video limiter HTC Bolt First Impressions: Unboxing Sprint’s Fastest Phone iPhone 7 in Jet White, Galaxy Note 7 Apology & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2016 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Tim Cook thanks Indian fans for good response on iPhone 7 series launch Despite the late evening launch, Apple stores witnessed long queues for iPhone 7 series at all major metros across India. Rohit KVN   October 9, 2016 12:00 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Tim Cook thank Indian fans for good response on iPhone 7 series launch In Picture: Apple iPhone 7Apple Newsroom After a month of launch, the new iPhone 7 series finally hit stores in India on Friday at 7:00 pm. The timing of the launch in the evening, had led many to believe that Apple's new phone would not elicit good response from the Indian public this year. In 2015, Apple's authorised shops were well-lit with attractive decorations and opened at mid night to a cheering crowd reminiscent of the long queues seen in the past just after the launch of a new iPhone in the West. Why advertise with us? Related Nokia's Android-powered D1C spotted on AnTuTu; key camera details revealed Samsung Galaxy Note7 to hit Indian stores just before Diwali To everyone's surprise, Apple stores witnessed long queues for iPhone 7 series at all major metros across India. With online retail sellers Flipkart, Snapdeal and carrier network Airtel, Vodafone and Reliance jumping in to offer discounts and lucrative tariff plans, the iPhone 7 series became too irresistible for many. Read more: Airtel consumers can grab iPhone 7 series for as low as Rs 19,990 in India Overwhelmed by the good response in India, Tim Cook Apple CEO, took to Twitter, to thank fans for their support. Also read:Apple iPhone 7 sale to go live on Snapdeal on October 7; promotional offers, price details Shukriya India and everyone who turned out for Friday’s launch of iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2! ?? pic.twitter.com/EyxVKgRH0F— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) October 8, 2016 Tim Cook thank Indian fans for good response on iPhone 7 series launchTim Cook via Twitter Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus look almost identical to their predecessor in terms of exterior body, but internally they have completely new hardware such as processor, camera, RAM, storage and battery capacity. Even the build quality is superior compared to the iPhone 6S series. Also read: Apple iPhone 7 v iPhone 6S series: What's changed? Apple Watch series 2: Apple's new Watch series houses an upgraded S2 dual-core processor, which is said to be twice faster than the predecessor. Its display has 1,000 nits, two times brighter than the first generation Watch. It also comes with in-built GPS and water-proof certification, but it is more rugged than the iPhone 7 series. Watch series 2 users can wear them to swim, as it can survive 50 meters underwater. Based on the variant, it cost anywhere between Rs.32,900 and Rs. 1,14,900. Official price of Apple iPhone 7 series: Models Models Price Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rs. 60,000 128GB Rs. 70,000 256GB Rs. 80,000 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rs. 72,000 128GB Rs. 82,000 256GB Rs. 92,000 Read more: Flipkart's special pre-order offers on Apple iPhone 7 series Key specifications of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Models Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Display 4.7-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD (1334x750p) resolution Multi-Touch display with IPS technology Pixel density: 326 ppi 1400:1 contrast ratio (typical) Wide colour display (P3) 625 cd/m2 max brightness (typical) Dual-domain pixels for wide viewing angles Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating Support for display of multiple languages and characters simultaneously Display Zoom Reachability 5.5-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD (1080x1920p) resolution Multi-Touch display with IPS technology Pixel density: 401 ppi 1300:1 contrast ratio (typical) Wide colour display (P3) 625 cd/m2 max brightness (typical) Dual-domain pixels for wide viewing angles Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating Support for display of multiple languages and characters simultaneously Display Zoom Reachability OS Apple iOS v10 Apple iOS v10 Processor 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor(It has a 64-bit 4-core. Dual-core processors which is 40 percent faster than the A9. Other two cores are "high efficiency" and use 1/5 power to save batter life of the device and graphics processor is 50 percent faster than the A9 CPU) 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor(It has a 64-bit 4-core. Dual-core processors which is 40 percent faster than the A9. Other two cores are "high efficiency" and use 1/5 power to save batter life of the device and graphics processor is 50 percent faster than the A9 CPU) RAM 2GB 3GB Storage 32GB/128GB/256GB 32GB/128GB/256GB Camera Main: 12MP camera with f/1.8 aperture, digital zoon (up to 5x), Optical image Stabilisation, six-element lens, Quad-LED True Tone flash, Panorama (up to 63 megapixels), Sapphire crystal lens cover, Backside illumination sensor, Hybrid IR filter, Autofocus with Focus Pixels, Tap to focus with Focus Pixels, Live Photos with stabilization, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Improved local tone mapping, Body and face detection, Exposure control, Noise reduction, Auto HDR for photos, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Timer mode, Photo geo-tagging Front: 7-megapixel photos, 1080p HD video recording, Retina Flash, ƒ/2.2 aperture, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Auto HDR, Backside illumination sensor, Body and face detection, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, Timer mode Main: 12MP camera (ƒ/1.8 aperture) with wide-angle field of view + telephoto camera (ƒ/1.9 aperture), Optical zoom at 2x, digital zoom up to 10x, Optical image Stabilisation, six-element lens, Quad-LED True Tone flash, Panorama (up to 63 megapixels), Sapphire crystal lens cover, Backside illumination sensor, Hybrid IR filter, Autofocus with Focus Pixels, Tap to focus with Focus Pixels, Live Photos with stabilization, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Improved local tone mapping, Body and face detection, Exposure control, Noise reduction, Auto HDR for photos, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Timer mode, Photo geo-tagging Front: 7-megapixel photos, 1080p HD video recording, Retina Flash, ƒ/2.2 aperture, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Auto HDR, Backside illumination sensor, Body and face detection, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, Timer mode Additional camera features 4K video recording at 30 fps 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps 720p HD video recording at 30 fps Optical image stabilisation for video Optical zoom at 2x; 6x digital zoom (iPhone 7 Plus only) Quad-LED True Tone flash Slow-motion video support for 1080p at 120 fps and 720p at 240 fps Time-lapse video with stabilisation Cinematic video stabilisation(1080p and 720p) Continuous autofocus video Body and face detection Noise reduction Take 8-megapixel still photos while recording 4K video Playback zoom Video geo-tagging 4K video recording at 30 fps 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps 720p HD video recording at 30 fps Optical image stabilisation for video Optical zoom at 2x; 6x digital zoom (iPhone 7 Plus only) Quad-LED True Tone flash Slow-motion video support for 1080p at 120 fps and 720p at 240 fps Time-lapse video with stabilisation Cinematic video stabilisation (1080p and 720p) Continuous autofocus video Body and face detection Noise reduction Take 8-megapixel still photos while recording 4K video Playback zoom Video geo-tagging Battery Talk time (wireless): Up to 14 hours on 3G Standby: Up to 10 days Internet use: Up to 12 hours on 3G Up to 14 hours on Wi-Fi Wireless video playback: Up to 13 hours Wireless audio playback: Up to 40 hours Talk time (wireless): Up to 21 hours on 3G Standby: Up to 16 days Internet use: Up to 13 hours on 3G Up to 15 hours on Wi-Fi Wireless video playback: Up to 14 hours Wireless audio playback: Up to 60 hours Network 4G-LTE 4G-LTE Add-ons Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac with MIMO), Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology NFC, Near Field Communication, Assisted GPS and GLONASS, Digital compass Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac with MIMO), Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology NFC, Near Field Communication, Assisted GPS and GLONASS, Digital compass Dimensions 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm Weight 138g 188g Colours Jet Black (exclusive to 12GB/256GB), Black, Gold, Rose Gold and Silver Jet Black (exclusive to 12GB/256GB), Black, Gold, Rose Gold and Silver Also read Reliance Jio buys more spectrum band across all 22 service regions HTC Nexus 9 finally gets Android Nougat update Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Samsung commences Android Nougat testing on Galaxy S6, S6 edge 10 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Morning brief: Modi promises corruption-free India, Apple iPhone 8 leak, Ind vs Eng Test match and more 16 minutes ago By Devyani Sultania Editor's Pick WATCH NEW Ghost in the Shell Trailer: Scarlett Johansson IS The Major Facing military pilot shortage? Hire DARPA robot co-pilot Why advertise with us? most popular Jio 1Gbps GigaFiber rollout update: Will the high-speed optic fibre broadband be worth the wait? Will you be willing to give up your broadband for Jio's GigaFiber? Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Rahul Gandhi at bank goes viral on Twitter and WhatsApp Rahul Gandhi apparently visited an SBI branch in New Delhi to exchange old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. The story of Facebook killing millions, and bringing them back to life Facebook acknowledged the bug and fixed it. Retro-era recreated with official release of mini NES Classic Edition: Full list of pre-installed vintage games The Mini NES Classic Edition is seemingly difficult to purchase due to its increased demand. Photo Gallery Guru Nanak Jayanti: Best Quotes, messages, wishes, greetings to celebrate Sikh guru birthday Guru Nanak Jayanti: Best Quotes, messages, wishes, greetings to celebrate Sikh guru birthday. Children's Day 2016: Best quotes, messages, greetings for Nehru's birth anniversary Children's Day 2016: Best quotes, messages, greetings for Nehru's birth anniversary Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Wearables More Living Auto Magazine More Tech in depth Best deals iPhone 6S Pixel C OS X tips iPad Pro New Chromecast Get fit Apple Watch Series 2 review: fitter, happier, more productive By Dan Grabham   WIth GPS and water resistance, Series 2 is going places Shares Jump to Section: Best Price Comments For Take it in the shower GPS GPS GPS The best smartwatch around Against Sometimes fiddly Distance accuracy Better battery but want more The original Apple Watch was a superb gadget that won Gadget of The Year gong at the 2015 T3 Awards. But it was also a first generation device in many ways. It required daily charging. It wasn't that quick. It wasn't waterproof. It didn't have GPS. Enter the Apple Watch Series 2. We're been wearing the £399 Gold Aluminium Case with Toasted Coffee/Caramel Woven Nylon band. We've got a gold iPhone 7 Plus, so it makes sense. The aluminium versions remains so much better value than the stainless steel and, though we've held the beautiful £1,249 Ceramic Series 2 Edition, we can't help but wonder how many of those Apple will shift. Apple Watch Series 2 Features Crucially, Apple Watch Series 2 fixes two of the original flaws straight away, with 50m water resistance (it's a swim watch, not a dive watch) and – praise be – GPS so you can run without your iPhone. There's also Apple Watch Nike+ available in early November. That version isn't massively different, with a special sports band, Nike+ watch face and engraved swoosh on the back. If you're regularly going to be immersing it in water, we would recommend the Sport band (there's no now Sport Edition as such). The Nylon bands are fine in water (we've dunked ours many tens of times now) but we think it would probably wear after prolonged washing and drying. Apple has had a bunch of people working in a special sports lab in an effort to make Series 2 a sports watch proper and there's now a swim tracker for both indoor (tell it how long your pool is) and open water swimming. This is paired with a really clever mode that disables the touchscreen (which would otherwise flicker in water because of the conductivity of H20). The way it unlocks is one of the very best things about Series 2. It's so very Apple: you turn the Digital Crown round and the speaker emits a pulse sound to push out any water left in it. This mode automatically activates when you turn on swimming tracking, but you can also easily turn it on manually for holiday swimming or similar. Swimming tracking detects what type of stroke you do, as well as when you change length so you can use it as a distance, length and calorie monitor. It's not revolutionary stuff, but all the Activity and Exercise stuff is packaged so well and is very simple to use. You can also track walks, indoor runs, rowing, cy and more. What else is new? There's the new and much-improved watchOS 3 including the dock to house open apps, a dual-core processor (which is also coming to the still-available Apple Watch Series 1) plus a brighter screen (1000 nits, apparently) for better reading in sunlight. We'll let you read our other coverage of watchOS 3, but we'll just say that we love the Scribble feature for quick-fire WhatsApp replies! The interface as a whole isn't the most intuitive, but you will get used to it and Apple has made several enhancements in this regard. Apple Watch Series 2 Perfomance The processor makes the new Apple Watch zip along much better than the original, but there are still some operations that aren't as quick as you hope; like opening apps. Some reviews have suggested issues with slow synchronisation of apps, but we haven't found that to be a problem and we've had no stability issues with Series 2 whatsoever. Although it's possible to get about two days out of the watch (42mm version), we find our normal use means we're getting around 1.5 days from it. There is a bigger battery inside than there was inside Series 1, but of course there are also other enhancements that use more power. Apple Watch Series 2 Activity and Workouts One of those enhancements is also Series 2's most important upgrade is without doubt the addition of GPS for iPhone-free running. You can also sync a playlist to the watch for inspirational music, too. We've done a few runs with the Series 2 now. Distance data is pretty accurate – versus our trusty Garmin Forerunner 610 it was quite similar, though the Apple Watch tracked just slightly less distance a couple of times. Which is a little weird. GPS ties into an enhanced Workout app: One thing the Apple Watch Series 2 doesn't do is make you wait for a GPS lock. Apple has clearly determined this isn't a good user experience and – similar to the first iPhone which didn't have GPS – uses the location of local Wi-Fi networks to help pinpoint location if a fix isn't immediately available. Battery life could be an issue if you're into very long runs – you get around five hours with the GPS switched on, apparently. Apologies, but we haven't done a five hour run to find out, although others suggest that a 3.5 hour run with music will leave you with an impressive 50 percent power remaining. If you've got questions on how Activity tracking works on Apple Watch, it's worth reading Apple's guide – we reckon you'll need to so you can get the most out of it, anyway. We're still not impressed with the Apple Watch's heart rate monitor, but then it's the same with pretty much every on-wrist HR monitor; they just aren't as good as a strap. Most of us don't need that level of tracking, but if you do it doesn't mean you have to give up your Apple Watch – just pair a Bluetooth heart rate strap instead. Activity tracking is stil present, just as before and includes Workout data as before. New in watchOS 3 is Breathe, an app designed to encourage you to pause and breathe deeply for a minute (or more). T3 Verdict Should you buy Apple Watch Series 2? The Watch's new capabilities make this a more complex question than it used to be, because it's suddenly a lot more useful. And you can now take it in the shower. Series 2 is what Series 1 should have been originally – and that makes it a rather compelling package. Usability still isn't the best in certain apps, but its strength for tracking a busy diary, rapidly replying to messages and triaging emails are enhanced. Exercise and Activity tracking is so nicely packaged – although with some flaws. We're looking forward to checking out Samsung's new Gear S3 in the coming weeks. But it won't change the fact Apple Watch remains one of the nicest-looking devices you can own. And with watchOS 3 and the extra features, it's now properly useful throughout the day, too. Liked this? Check out our iPhone 7 review Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 LG’s OLED 4K TV range now comes with Sky Q included for 12 months 2 Amazon UK Black Friday plans announced - get the full lowdown here 3 Nintendo Classic Mini review: Is this micro NES all it's cracked up to be? 4 12 best running headphones for serious exercise or keeping fit 5 10 best TVs 2016: our pick of the top Ultra HD 4K TVs to buy today 1 5 best Fitbit tips to get loads more out of your Fitbit 2 LG’s OLED 4K TV range now comes with Sky Q included for 12 months 3 Kodak Pixpro SP360 4K review: An affordable VR action cam 4 5 super handy cleaning companions to take your home from grunge to gleam 5 Amazon UK Black Friday plans announced - get the full lowdown here T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Oil price bolsters energy stocks Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Today’s forecast Tax for miles driven Texas luxury bunkers Anti-Trump protests Broncos need Adam Gotsis Photos: Anti-Trump protest Business Oil price bolsters energy stocks Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press PUBLISHED: October 10, 2016 at 10:43 pm | UPDATED: October 10, 2016 at 10:45 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular CDOT to test the idea of taxing drivers by the mile instead of at the pump Everything you need to know to enjoy the supermoon Sunday night Donald Trump’s support from blue-collar Colorado voters led to upset in a Democratic stronghold After claiming she was groped, Taylor Swift struggled over whether to seek charges against man Lead grows more for Denver’s social marijuana use measure, but 47,000 ballots still not counted Schools report racist incidents in wake of Donald Trump election By Marley Jay, Associated Press U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia’s government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple’s iPhone. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market’s gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump’s trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. “What you’re seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo,” he said. In his view, that’s because investors understand Clinton’s views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC’s efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn’t a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump’s calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton’s chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico’s exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso’s surge Monday, one U.S. dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it’s been in about a month. Tags:  stock market Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business On Philanthropy: New research shows many donors are impact investors and engaging rising generation November 13, 2016, 10:18 am Important information about trends in individual and family philanthropy is revealed by two recent studies. These findings help us understand the nature of philanthropy in the U.S. They are pertinent to philanthropists and nonprofit organizations alike. Transit-oriented development taking root around B Line’s Westminster Station November 12, 2016, 8:24 pm The commuter rail line connecting Westminster and Denver Union Station may not have received the same fanfare when it opened this summer, but developers have already begun to lay claim to the land around the only new station on the 6.2-mile B Line. First-generation TODs offer lessons for today’s transit-oriented projects November 12, 2016, 8:17 pm Not all transit-oriented development is created equal, and Denver’s first-generation attempts have some valuable lessons for today’s projects, private developers and public officials said. How Colorado snowmakers battled warm temps to bring skiing to the High Country November 12, 2016, 8:04 pm For most of October, snowmakers at ski areas across Colorado were primed to give thousands of anxious skiers and snowboarders exactly what they wanted: just enough coverage for early season turns before winter truly got started. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
by Brent Simmons Dash and Apple’s Statement Apple states that nearly 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected — and that they’d given the developer notice and had tried to resolve the issue with him. If this is true, then it would be hard to say that Apple has done anything wrong. In fact, we want Apple to notice fraudulent reviews (since they harm consumers and other developers), get them removed, and work things out with the developer. I don’t know what’s true here. It wouldn’t be right for Apple to make all the evidence public, and it wouldn’t be right for Apple to publish their correspondence with him. So it’s likely we won’t ever know more than we do right now. Apple’s statement is consistent with Apple’s doing the right thing, though. There’s a very good chance that they are. While Apple’s culture of opacity continues to bother me — enough so that I won’t put any of my own apps on an app store — I can’t say for sure that this is a case where they’ve mistreated a developer. 10 Oct 2016 Archive What I work on at Omni OmniFocus for Mac • OmniOutliner for Mac Swift Diary Vesper Sync Diary • How Not to Crash Apps I’ve Made • RSS © 1999-2016 Brent Simmons Made in Seattle. Go Hawks!
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Anohni Says She Felt 'Declawed' By Her Deal With Apple Music Alex Galbraith UPROXXOctober 10, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Anohni‘s relationship with the major players in the entertainment industry is strained, to say the least. The experimental musician opted out of attending the Oscars after becoming the first transgender performer ever to be nominated, calling the movie industry a “tap dance to occupy you while Rome burns.” And it seems the singer is no less critical of the machinations of her own industry. She slammed what she views as the exploitation of artists by corporations and her own past collaboration with Apple Music in a new interview with The Creative Independent. Anohni, who is formerly of Antony And The Johnsons, starts by giving a quick explainer on the way that corporations underwrite artists in the hopes of being cool by association. “As soon as you have enough followers, the corporations come knocking to rent out your brand, which they then turn around and use as a pheromone to sell their products. You use that money to make a music video and pay your recording costs,” she said. “But now your record has a logo for Nike or Apple on the back. Do we really want to front for these multinationals?” She goes on to say that she’s not merely standing out this set-up pointing fingers. Her music video for the song “Drone Bomb Me” was funded by Apple Music, a set-up Anohni says gave the company an ad at “a fraction of what they would had to have paid for it if they had framed it as an advertisement.” “It was an experiment and a challenge for me. The record companies can’t afford to advance the whole cost for making the record anymore, let alone pay for an ambitious video. So after a lot of hemming and hawing I agreed to work with Apple on the video. I wanted the video to have a wider reach, and only Apple could offer me the resources to do so… My being bought as a politically outspoken artist is a more potent advertising tool for Apple than a 100 more explicit ads. It creates the false aura for Apple of being cutting edge, of being artist advocates, of being innovative mavericks, of being environmentally friendly, of caring about people and communities, instead of being the McDonalds of consumer high tech whose wealth was largely pilfered from what was once a biodiverse music industry. How brilliant is that? All of us pitching in as if we were working for a charity, and Apple, one of the biggest companies in the world, walks with an ad.” Anohni said that using her politically charged music to shill for the world’s richest corporation left her feeling “like a house cat that had been declawed.” Check out the rest of the interview over at The Creative Independent to hear Anohni talk on American politics, her visual art career and climate change. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Watch John Legend's Poignant Music Video for "Love Me Now" Complex Alabama is unanimous No. 1 as Ohio State moves to No. 2 in AP poll Dr. Saturday President-Elect Trump Picks Reince Priebus as His Chief of Staff ABC News Videos Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations TVLine.com Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Angelina Jolie having a tough time keeping 'homesick' children happy after Brad Pitt split International Business Times UK 4-Year-Old Granted Wish to Be Drafted Onto College Baseball Team ABC News Videos Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear AFP Top Trump Ally Warns of 'Rebellion' Over Possible Chief of Staff Pick Good Morning America Russell Simmons Sends Sternly-Worded Prayer to 'Old Friend' Donald Trump Complex Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Leon Russell, Renowned Songwriter and Musician, Dead at 74 Rolling Stone Index: Amazon Prohibited From Providing Refunds with Gift Cards Instead of Cash or Credit ABC News Videos ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton sings ‘Hallelujah’ in emotional ‘SNL’ open Yahoo News Mike Evans kneels during anthem to protest Trump: 'Something's not right' Shutdown Corner Donald Trump's Shocking Election Victory Nick: It's not shocking, no one wanted a dishonest, corrupt, incompetent, deceptive despicable person in the white house, that's why hillary is home now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 403 Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Kris Jenner Shares Photo of New Dad Rob Kardashian and Baby Dream: ‘Melts My Heart!’ People Yoga Instructor Accused of Murdering Her Identical Twin ABC News Videos Trump vows to deport or imprison up to 3 million immigrants: interview AFP Forde-Yard Dash: Eight teams left in College Football Playoff race Yahoo Sports US Jared Kushner's Prominent Role in Father-in-Law Donald Trump's Transition Good Morning America Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff We Want to Look as Good as Bella Hadid Does Post-Breakup InStyle Southeast Ravaged by 43 Wildfires Spread Across 8 States ABC News Videos Michael Moore Blasts Donald Trump as 'Illegitimate President' as He Tours Trump Tower Good Morning America Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Associated Press 3 Troubling Ways Parents Help Kids Become Liars Yahoo Parenting Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Robert De Niro's response to Donald Trump's election win: 'I feel like I did after 9/11' International Business Times UK Major Earthquake Strikes New Zealand, Killing at Least 2 People ABC News Videos Trump shakes up transition team, elevates Pence's role Associated Press Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple explains why it booted an app from the App Store, and implies its developer was lying Julie Bort Oct. 10, 2016, 7:13 PM 30,856 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook Getty Images/Justin Sullivan Last week a firestorm erupted when Apple booted from its App Store a popular app for coders called Dash, and deleted the developer's account. And now Apple is publicly explaining itself. Apple App Store spokesperson Tom Neumayr first told Jim Dalrymple at The Loop (and sent the same statement to Business Insider): "Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store. Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers." This statement that "warning was given in advance" and "attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer" makes it sound like Apple had found the problem a while ago and was trying to work with the app's developer, Bogdan Popescu. Only that doesn't match Popescu's account of what happened.  Popescu's blog post said he had been booted by surprise, receiving a termination email a day after he had asked Apple to migrate his account from an individual one to a company one. (Dash has been around for many years.) He later updated the blog post saying that Apple banned him for evidence of review manipulation and he denied having done it. "This is something I’ve never done."  Both stories can't be right. Developers seemed to believe Popescu at first and are now just baffled by it all. As one wrote on Hacker News, a site where programmers comment on news stories of interest to them: "Well that's definitely strange. Why would the developer do such a thing when Dash is basically the best app of its kind out there? To other commenters, why would Apple accuse the dev of faking reviews if it wasn't true? I don't see Apple getting anything out of it." We asked Apple how long it usually works with a developer when it discovers fraudulent reviews and how it determines if a review is fraudulent, but Apple did not respond. Popescu did respond to Apple with a blog post that depicts what he says really went down. He says there was another account, not his, that was causng the trouble.   SEE ALSO: The developer Apple banned for writing fake reviews offers proof of his innocence SEE ALSO: Oracle's Larry Ellison emailed a touching tribute when an employee, his friend, died NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Apple App Store Programmers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple explains why it booted an app from the App Store, and implies its developer was lying Apple explains why it booted an app from the App Store, and implies its developer was lying Last week a firestorm erupted when Apple booted... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to use iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Messages By Christian Zibreg, Oct 10, 2016 Tweet 14 Comments Your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch lets you spruce up your messaging game with stickers, emoji, reactions, bubble and screen effects, animated expressions of your feelings and iMessage Apps for things like OpenTable reservations, Apple Music integration, animated GIF creation and more. This tutorial details important things pertaining to third-party iMessage Apps, including finding and installing them in the App Store, organizing them on the Messages App Shelf, disabling those you seldom use and deleting ones you no longer need. Quick introduction to iMessage Apps Third-party iMessage Apps allow you to do many things without ever leaving your conversation that previously needed to be accomplished in one or more standalone apps. For instance, iMessage Apps from your favorite developers may let you create an animated GIF to send to a friend, schedule dinner and a movie, send payments, share a song and more—all within their custom interface inside of Messages. Some interactive iMessage Apps—namely games—require both the recipient and the sender to have them installed on their device. What are the system requirements for iMessage Apps? iMessage Apps require an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with iOS 10 or later and the iMessage service. People on macOS Sierra can only receive output from iMessage Apps in the form of photo attachments. Mac users cannot interact with iMessage Apps nor can they download, use or send them to others. Non-iMessage users also cannot interact with iMessage Apps. What types of iMessage Apps are there? There are two types of iMessage Apps available: Standalone iMessage Apps—Distributed as standalone downloads. Deleting a standalone iMessage app instantly removes its binary from the device like with normal iOS apps. You must re-download any previously removed standalone iMessage Apps to use them again. Bundled iMessage Apps—Distributed as part of their container app. You can deactivate bundled iMessage Apps in Messages independently of the container app, but they won’t be permanently removed from the device unless the container app is deleted, too. You can quickly re-activate any disabled iMessage Apps without re-downloading them from the App Store. As evidenced on the below screenshot, standalone iMessage Apps are labeled with an “Only for iMessage” on their App Store page and they put an icon on the Home screen like regular apps. Bundled iMessage Apps are distinguished from their standalone counterparts with an “Offers iMessage App” label in the Messages App Store. Bundled iMessage Apps don’t have their own Home screen icon. Will iMessage Apps cost me money? Like with other apps on the App Store, some iMessage Apps won’t cost you a dime while others may set you back 99 cents or more. Most branded standalone iMessage Apps cost some money, especially games. You should be able to find a decent selection of free iMessage Apps in the App Store. How are iMessage Apps created and packaged? iMessage Apps are basically iOS extensions, like Photo filters and keyboards. Creating them requires a developer account with Apple, a Mac with Xcode, coding skills and advanced knowledge of third-party iOS development. Created using Apple’s new Messages framework in iOS 10, iMessage Apps can be packaged and distributed as: Standalone downloads Part of an existing app download Bundled iMessage Apps can provide the same features as their standalone counterparts and are listed on the App Store in the same category and with the same description as their container iOS app. Standalone iMessage Apps are allowed to implement some extra functionality, like Apple Pay and the In-App Purchase mechanism. Developers can list standalone iMessage Apps in any relevant category on the Messages App Store. iMessage Apps adhere to Apple’s screening process and must be submitted for approval before they are permitted to show up in the App Store. You can learn about third-party iMessage Apps development on Apple’s website. How to find and install iMessage Apps You can find and download iMessage Apps the old-fashioned way—by browsing and downloading them directly in the App Store. Or, you can download and install them from a dedicated App Store section that’s accessible within the context of the Messages app itself. 1) Launch Messages and create a new conversation or tap an existing one in your conversation list. 2) Tap the App Store button to the left of the text field to open your app drawer. 3) Tap the App Shelf button in the bottom left corner, it resembles four ellipses in a grid. 4) Tap the Store button. The built-in App Store for Messages pops up, letting you: Browse featured iMessage Apps Browsing iMessage Apps by category Find specific iMessage Apps 5) Find an iMessage App you wish to download, then tap the Buy (if it’s paid) or Get button (if it’s free). The app will download to your device. 6) Dismiss the Messages App Store to start using your iMessage App. If this is a bundled iMessage App, it’ll get downloaded to your device along with its container app. If it’s a standalone app, it will be downloaded standalone and its icon shall appear on the Home screen. Finding specific iMessage Apps If you know the iMessage app’s name, you can find it quickly on the store using a built-in search feature. Begin by tapping the magnifying glass icon in the top left corner of the Messages App Store. Now type your query into the search field. We suggest using the word “iMessage app” to make your search more relevant and exclude downloadable stickers and other unrelated content from search results. Re-downloading iMessage Apps If you previously downloaded this particular iMessage app and wish to re-download it, you will see the cloud icon in place of of the Buy/Get button. If you see “Installed” next to the name, as shown below, the iMessage App app is already installed on your device. You can re-enable any bundled iMessage Apps via the App Store’s Manage tab without re-downloading them, provided their container app is currently installed on the device. Their standalone counterparts must be re-downloaded to re-use them after disabling. Any standalone iMessage Apps you have on your device, including ones you removed, can be found in the App Store’s Purchased tab. Bundled iMessage Apps won’t show up in your Purchased items because they are packaged as part of the container app. For example, the Airmail iMessage app that lets you add photos from email attachments to you conversations is distributed as part of the Airmail app itself so you won’t see it listed separately in the Purchased section. Conversely, The Weather Channel distributes its iMessage app as a standalone download so it’s listed alongside your existing Weather Channel for iOS app in the Purchased section. Downloading iMessage Apps inline When someone sends you an iMessage app in an iMessage and you currently don’t have it installed on your device, it will appear in the conversation with a hyperlinked label which denotes its App Store name. You can tap either the label itself or the iMessage app thumbnail in the conversation to be taken right to its appropriate listing in the App Store. From there, you can download and add the app to Messages with a tap. Browsing Featured iMessage Apps Tap the Featured tab to see a list of featured iMessage Apps, stickers and other downloadable content for Messages that Apple’s editorial team has curated. Browsing iMessage Apps by category To narrow your hunt for iMessage Apps on the store to a specific category, tap the Categories tab, then choose a desired entry in the list of built-in categories: Entertainment Food & Drink Games Lifestyle Photo & Video Productivity Shopping Social Networking Stickers Travel Apple may add or remove built-in app categories over time. How to use iMessage Apps in conversations 1) In Messages, tap a conversation in the list or create a new one. 2) Tap the Apps button (it looks like an App Store icon) to the left of the text field to open your Messages app drawer. 3) You can now: Select a previously used iMessage app in Recents Choose a specific iMessage app from App Shelf Both these methods are described further below. Selecting iMessage Apps from Recents T app drawer defaults to displaying any recently-used iMessage Apps, stickers and other third-party content you have added to Messages. Swipe left or right to flip through the recently used items until you find your desired app. Tap the arrow pointing upward to take Recents fullscreen. Selecting iMessage Apps from App Shelf If you’ve added lots of third-party content to Messages, Recents can become cluttered. To select a specific iMessage app faster, tap the App Shelf button in the bottom left corner (it resembles four ellipses in a grid). Now swipe between pages of your downloaded iMessage Apps, stickers and other third-party content until you find an app you’d like to use. Tap it, then choose any app-specific options you may be presented with. 4) Type an optional message, then hit the blue Send button. iMessage Apps cannot be rotated, resized, stamped on chat bubbles or other items in the conversation like stickers. When you send an interactive iMessage app that the recipient does not have  installed on their  device, they can just tap its thumbnail in the conversation to download and start using the app right away. How to organize iMessage Apps You can reorder iMessages Apps on your App Shelf by way of dragging them around. iMessage Apps you no longer need can be temporarily disabled (bundled apps only) or permanently deleted form your device (both bundled and standalone apps). Rearranging iMessage Apps on App Shelf To rearrange iMessage Apps, tap and hold any item in App Shelf until the icons start to jiggle. You can now drag the icons around, relocate your most-used iMessage Apps to page 1 and more. To move an icon between pages, drag it to either edge of App Shelf and wait until the next/previous page scrolls into view. Unfortunately, you cannot file iMessage Apps into folders inside App Shelf like you can do with ordinary apps on your Home screen. Seeing freshly updated iMessage Apps Any newly downloaded or updated iMessage Apps are listed under the New and Updated heading in the Messages App Store’s Manage tab so you can quickly identify those that may contain new content. You’ll see a badge on both the Manage tab’s title and the Store button in App Shelf when any third-party Messages content has been updated. Preventing Messages from adding iMessage Apps By default, Messages installs and puts into app drawer any bundled iMessage Apps automatically as soon as you download their container app from the App Store. To prevent this from happening, slide the switch Automatically Add Apps under the Messages App Store’s Manage tab to the OFF position. This shall prevent Messages from automatically adding iMessage Apps to the Messages app drawer. Newly downloaded iMessage Apps will still add their respective toggles on the Manage tab, but they’ll be disabled rather than automatically enabled. Disabling bundled iMessage Apps You can temporarily disable bundled iMessage Apps through the built-in App Store’s Manage tab. Remember the distinction between disabling and uninstalling—disabling simply removes the app’s icon from App Shelf to reduce clutter and deactivates the Messages extension and slides its toggle on the store’s Manage tab to the OFF position. This lets you reactivate any disabled iMessage app by toggling its switch in the Manage tab. Deleting the container app also removes its bundled iMessage component from the device.   How to delete iMessage Apps You can delete iMessage Apps from Messages and your device in two ways: Delete standalone iMessage Apps on the Home screen or through the Manage tab in Messages App Store Disable bundled iMessage Apps directly and independently of their container app through the Manage tab or delete their container app on the Home screen Deleting standalone iMessage Apps 1) Open Messages on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch and tap a conversation in the list. 2) Tap the Apps button to the left of the text entry field. 3) In the Messages app drawer, tap the App Shelf button in the bottom left corner that looks like four ellipses in a grid. 4) Tap the Store button in your App Shelf. 5) When the Messages App Store appears, tap the Manage tab. 6) To uninstall a desired iMessage App, slide its switch to the OFF position. 7) Tap Done to finish making the changes. Standalone iMessage Apps cannot be temporarily disabled: they are permanently removed from the device as soon as their switch in the Manage tab is slid to the OFF position or their Home screen icon gets deleted. Deleting bundled iMessage Apps Because standalone iMessage Apps put an icon on your Home screen. To remove them from the device, simply do what you would normally do when deleting any other app on your iPhone: press the Home button to get to the Home screen, enter the icon jiggle mode by holding your finger on any icon, then tap the “X” in the upper left corner of an icon of the standalone iMessage App you wish to delete. Again, this only works with standalone iMessage Apps. Their bundled counterparts cannot be deleted this way as they don’t have a Home screen icon of their own. Standalone and bundled iMessage Apps can be deleted more quickly by opening the Messages app drawer open, then tap and hold an app until you see the app icons jiggle and hit the “x” at the top-left corner. To finish, press the Home button. This is the same as toggling the switches in the store’s Manage tab, meaning removing a bundled app from the app drawer only disable the app whereas removing its standalone counterpart actually deletes its Messages extension from the system. Have ideas for us? If you like our tutorial on downloading, using and managing iMessage Apps in Messages on iOS 10, please share it on social media. Also, don’t forget you can send us your submissions for future tutorial coverage at tips@iDownloadBlog.com. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to use stickers in Messages for iPhone and iPad Tip: replay any bubble or screen effect in Messages conversations with a tap How to use Digital Touch in Messages for iPhone and iPad How to use emoji like a pro in Messages for iPhone and iPad Related Topics Apple, Guide, How to, IM, iMessage, iMessage Apps, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Messages, Messaging, Tips, Tricks, Tutorial Roland G Is it just me or ios10 was a step backwards for Apple? The messages App is a disaster, Apple Music single handedly ruined beats and Apple Music with one swoop. Imo JohnS Honest question, what about the messages app is a disaster? I don’t use most of the new features and for the most part I never notice they are there since they are hidden behind long presses or that little arrow to the left side of the input box. But the few times I’ve tried to use them they seem to work great. Personally the things I like best about iOS 10 are things like the SIRI integration, rich notifications, and the fact that 3D touch for the first time feels like a real feature and not a half baked gimmicky implementation. And because of that, overall I think it was a step forward. Yeah I do wish that they would rethink some of that Apple music business though. Lots of it seems needlessly convoluted or poorly laid out, but I guess those are two of the time honored hallmarks of iTunes and it just wouldn’t feel right if Apple finally figured out how to make that App perfect 😛 Roland G I cant figure out what was wrong with the send button. The up arrow is confusing. I also feel that SMS should be a quick way to communicate and all the bells and whistles are just useless. And I’m sure that a lot of people finds it great and cute but it’s poorly executed. Way too many steps to add the unnecessary effects. It could have been done better is how I feel. It’s a personal preference is all. Also feel that ios10 in many aspects just confusing to use. Way too much squeezed into it JohnS Fair enough. I also feel that SMS should be quick and easy way to communicate. Personally I’m glad the non-essential features are hidden out of the way. I feel like if I want to send a quick text I can do it with no time lost. But if I want to fiddle around and send quirky stickers or what not I can, but I’m glad all that stuff doesn’t needlessly clutter my interface 100% of the time. Part of my comfort though with iOS 10 might be simply due to my having used it for 4 months though already. Gordon I think the most annoying thing is that you cant force send an iMessage as a SMS anylonger! Apple have removed this funktion. The only way to do this is to wait until the iMessage is rejected.. So even if I know that my friend doesnt have any wi-fi or data connection, I still cant choose sms myself when I send the message. (I could Of course turn iMessage off in Settings, but thats turning it off for all my contacts!). Mads Teland You can still send iMessages as SMS, just hold the message bubble before message is delievered. After that, it should display “Send this message as SMS” as button. It will do not anything with it if it’s really delievered like iOS 9 and before didn’t too that can be sometimes annoying. Before iOS 10, it was inside in copy and paste-function. Now as button display with options in iOS 10. Gordon Nope! Thats not working. I have tried this serveral times with messages I know hasnt been delivered. The only options I get is “Copy” and “More”, under “More” I get the options to select specific bubbles to erase or forward them. If anyone have a solution/setting for this, please let me know. Mads Teland It just only work if you did press on message bubble before message has been delievered. Message must have been finished for send before you can do this. For me it’s working. If message is delievered, you can’t do this until it goes over to SMS automatically later. Gordon Thanks for your reply. OK, I see what you mean. Problem is that if I have a good connection, there is no way I will be quick enough to press that bubble in time before its delivered to the servers. I would like the option to force send as SMS anyway, like I think it was before. Mads Teland It was same problem when you had the option inside copy and paste line in iOS 9 and below. In iOS 10 it was in button display that was better than before, but same problem. I would love force to send SMS like you said without using time to click on option before message is delievered. Agneev Mukherjee You deserve nothing less than an award for this awesome and detailed post. Christian Zibreg Well, where do I sign up for the award? 😀 Agneev Mukherjee Well, Sebastien should give you one for Best Writer. 😀 minigurlnikki How do you delete the songs that appear in the Music portion of iMessage? I have no songs on my music library, no one sent me a song, and I’ve tried to toggle the option on/off and it’s still there.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 52 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 13, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 13, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 52 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks rise as oil’s jump biggest in 1½ years By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 10 2016 05:06PM    •    Last Updated Oct 10 2016 05:06 pm In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oi production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump's calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge Monday, one U.S. dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.29, or 11.5 percent, to $17.56. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumors the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it's been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.19, or 5.9 percent, to $75.10. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $5.55, or 7.7 percent, to $66.69. Gold rose $8.50 to $1,260.40 an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to $17.66 an ounce. Copper picked up 3 cents to $2.20 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas gained 8 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $3.28 per 1,000 cubic feet. Germany's DAX rose 1.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 percent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1139 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2351 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Trump plans to immediately deport 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants Oregon medical examiner identifies remains as daughter of Piano Guy George Pyle: By backing Trump, after all, Mormons blow their moral lead Utah football: After wild weekend, Utes have two 'Super Bowls' remaining to secure lofty goals Steven Pearlstein: Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple and Disney Aren't Buying Netflix, but Maybe You Should Deutsche Bank initiates coverage of Netflix with a sell rating, arguing that the hollow buyout chatter has inflated the stock to unrealistic levels. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Oct 10, 2016 at 5:13PM Image source: Netflix. The buyout buzz is starting to fade when it comes to a couple of tech giants, and at least one Wall Street pro believes this is a good time to dump shares of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Deutsche Bank analyst Bryan Kraft is slapping a sell rating on the dot-com darling, fueled by Netflix's lofty valuation, near-term revenue and cost-containment challenges, and the growing unlikelihood that someone will acquire the leading premium video streaming platform. Kraft feels that the one-two punch of escalating content costs and top-line misses will squeeze out the market's current optimism when it comes to Netflix stock. With Netflix already penetrating more than half of the country's U.S. broadband-backed homes and international growth facing hurdles on the path to profitability, Kraft feels that Netflix isn't worthy of its present $45 billion market cap. One thing that has been lifting shares of Netflix lately is the chatter that Disney (NYSE:DIS) or Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will swoop in and buy it out at a healthy premium. Kraft feels that neither buyer is likely to wreck its own stock for the pricey pursuit of Netflix. He's probably right about that, but it doesn't mean that he's right about urging investors to dump the stock. The audacity of Netflix as a takeover target Netflix was the S&P 500's best performer in 2013 and again in 2015. You don't have a stock that leads the pack of 500 blue chips in two of the past three years typically on the bidding block, and if it does make itself available for sale, it certainly doesn't come cheap.   Disney as a buyer never made a lot of sense. Wouldn't rival studios move to block content availability on Netflix, or at the very least make it more expensive? You need to be studio-agnostic to make this model work, something that Apple has achieved through iTunes, but even the consumer tech giant would be an odd parent. Apple rarely spends big money on acquisitions. We then get to valuations. Apple and Disney trade at earnings multiples of 13 and 15, respectively, if we look out to the new fiscal year. Netflix trades at nearly 120 times next year's earnings, and that's before we even consider a buyout premium. In an all-stock deal -- something that Disney would have to do and Apple would probably prefer since so much of its cash is parked overseas -- it would explode the P/E ratios of Apple and Disney.  The bullish argument in the sea of pessimism Netflix doesn't make sense for Disney or Apple, but what about individual investors? They don't have to buy all of Netflix. They win if Netflix is worth more than $45 billion in the future. That may be a tall order these days, with stateside subscribers slowing, but a little churn is natural when you tell longtime subscribers that they have to be paying 25% more like Netflix did this summer. The lull should prove temporary, and it will be more than offset by folks paying more. International growth is still in the early innings, and Netflix is starting to turn a profit in some of its earlier foreign markets. The model works, and nobody is even close. It may seem scary to see Netflix with $13.2 billion in streaming content obligations on its books, but that's also a huge barrier to entry for anyone that wants to match its catalog. Kraft may be right about the stock's unsustainable inflation in recent weeks given the seemingly baseless takeover speculation, but instead of selling into mania, the smarter play could be the buy in when the speculators start to unload their stock. Netflix has a model of a lifetime all but locked up. It may not repeat as the S&P's best annual performer anytime soon, but it has all of the right ingredients to continue expanding its reach and testing its pricing elasticity to the benefit of its public shareholders. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he now lives a block from his alma mater. Follow @market Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 5:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $97.68 up $2.72 (2.86%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Read More Kiss the Netflix Buyout Buzz Goodbye Wall Street Is Finally Getting Its Wish for Netflix Amazon or Netflix: Which Name Will Win the Streaming Wars? How to Spot Innovative Companies Apple Shouldn't Try to Outbid AT&T for Time Warner Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Must Be Loving Samsung's Fiery Debacle The Cupertino giant should add "does not catch on fire" to the iPhone 7 tech specs. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 10, 2016 at 5:20PM The dual-camera system on iPhone 7 Plus is a major selling feature. So is the fact that they don't catch on fire for no reason. Image source: Apple. As far as PR crises go, it really doesn't get any worse than this. Or rather, it doesn't get any better than this, depending on your perspective. There's nothing more gratifying than seeing your biggest competitor go down in literal flames. Over the past week, there have been no less than five new reports of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 units spontaneously combusting. Notably, these are all replacement devices that were sent after the company issued a worldwide recall, and the problems are still persisting. In some cases, the new replacement units aren't even charging. They're just sitting on a table or a nightstand. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) must be loving it. The second time was not the charm To say that Samsung has botched the launch, subsequent recall, and second batch of defective units is an understatement. Carrier partners and regulators are taking matters into their own hands for the sake of the consumer. The South Korean tech giant inadvertently exacerbated the PR nightmare by accidentally sending one affected consumer a text suggesting it would try to "slow him down" so the company could have more time. Oops, wrong number. This couldn't come at a better time for Apple, as the company has seemingly done a good job with upselling customers to the iPhone 7 Plus with the new dual-camera system, which is one of the larger model's headline selling features. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus is Apple's most direct competitor to Samsung's 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 7, and the two companies dominate the space for premium phones and phablets. Demand already appears to be concentrated on the iPhone 7 Plus. Quoted shipping times on the larger models are longer, and third-party inventory-checking sites also show little to no inventory for the 7 Plus at most locations, though there is greater availability of the standard iPhone 7. Come on over In recent quarters, Apple has touted increasing Android switcher rates as it continues to woo customers from the other side. With Samsung's debacle, combined with the fact that other Galaxy-branded devices could be hurt from the fallout, Apple should enjoy an influx of Android switchers. S&P analyst Angelo Zino just put out a research note saying that he expects that Apple could grab a whole percentage point of worldwide market share from Samsung due to the crisis. That could translate into Apple selling an incremental 14 million to 15 million more devices than it otherwise would have in the September quarter. As carriers and regulators urge customers to come return their Samsung devices while simultaneously halting sales of affected models, there's a good chance that a lot of those users will defect to iOS. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 5:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple and Disney Aren't Buying Netflix, but Maybe You Should Deutsche Bank initiates coverage of Netflix with a sell rating, arguing that the hollow buyout chatter has inflated the stock to unrealistic levels. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Oct 10, 2016 at 5:13PM Image source: Netflix. The buyout buzz is starting to fade when it comes to a couple of tech giants, and at least one Wall Street pro believes this is a good time to dump shares of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Deutsche Bank analyst Bryan Kraft is slapping a sell rating on the dot-com darling, fueled by Netflix's lofty valuation, near-term revenue and cost-containment challenges, and the growing unlikelihood that someone will acquire the leading premium video streaming platform. Kraft feels that the one-two punch of escalating content costs and top-line misses will squeeze out the market's current optimism when it comes to Netflix stock. With Netflix already penetrating more than half of the country's U.S. broadband-backed homes and international growth facing hurdles on the path to profitability, Kraft feels that Netflix isn't worthy of its present $45 billion market cap. One thing that has been lifting shares of Netflix lately is the chatter that Disney (NYSE:DIS) or Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will swoop in and buy it out at a healthy premium. Kraft feels that neither buyer is likely to wreck its own stock for the pricey pursuit of Netflix. He's probably right about that, but it doesn't mean that he's right about urging investors to dump the stock. The audacity of Netflix as a takeover target Netflix was the S&P 500's best performer in 2013 and again in 2015. You don't have a stock that leads the pack of 500 blue chips in two of the past three years typically on the bidding block, and if it does make itself available for sale, it certainly doesn't come cheap.   Disney as a buyer never made a lot of sense. Wouldn't rival studios move to block content availability on Netflix, or at the very least make it more expensive? You need to be studio-agnostic to make this model work, something that Apple has achieved through iTunes, but even the consumer tech giant would be an odd parent. Apple rarely spends big money on acquisitions. We then get to valuations. Apple and Disney trade at earnings multiples of 13 and 15, respectively, if we look out to the new fiscal year. Netflix trades at nearly 120 times next year's earnings, and that's before we even consider a buyout premium. In an all-stock deal -- something that Disney would have to do and Apple would probably prefer since so much of its cash is parked overseas -- it would explode the P/E ratios of Apple and Disney.  The bullish argument in the sea of pessimism Netflix doesn't make sense for Disney or Apple, but what about individual investors? They don't have to buy all of Netflix. They win if Netflix is worth more than $45 billion in the future. That may be a tall order these days, with stateside subscribers slowing, but a little churn is natural when you tell longtime subscribers that they have to be paying 25% more like Netflix did this summer. The lull should prove temporary, and it will be more than offset by folks paying more. International growth is still in the early innings, and Netflix is starting to turn a profit in some of its earlier foreign markets. The model works, and nobody is even close. It may seem scary to see Netflix with $13.2 billion in streaming content obligations on its books, but that's also a huge barrier to entry for anyone that wants to match its catalog. Kraft may be right about the stock's unsustainable inflation in recent weeks given the seemingly baseless takeover speculation, but instead of selling into mania, the smarter play could be the buy in when the speculators start to unload their stock. Netflix has a model of a lifetime all but locked up. It may not repeat as the S&P's best annual performer anytime soon, but it has all of the right ingredients to continue expanding its reach and testing its pricing elasticity to the benefit of its public shareholders. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he now lives a block from his alma mater. Follow @market Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 5:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $97.68 up $2.72 (2.86%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Read More Kiss the Netflix Buyout Buzz Goodbye Wall Street Is Finally Getting Its Wish for Netflix Amazon or Netflix: Which Name Will Win the Streaming Wars? How to Spot Innovative Companies Apple Shouldn't Try to Outbid AT&T for Time Warner Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Must Be Loving Samsung's Fiery Debacle The Cupertino giant should add "does not catch on fire" to the iPhone 7 tech specs. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 10, 2016 at 5:20PM The dual-camera system on iPhone 7 Plus is a major selling feature. So is the fact that they don't catch on fire for no reason. Image source: Apple. As far as PR crises go, it really doesn't get any worse than this. Or rather, it doesn't get any better than this, depending on your perspective. There's nothing more gratifying than seeing your biggest competitor go down in literal flames. Over the past week, there have been no less than five new reports of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 units spontaneously combusting. Notably, these are all replacement devices that were sent after the company issued a worldwide recall, and the problems are still persisting. In some cases, the new replacement units aren't even charging. They're just sitting on a table or a nightstand. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) must be loving it. The second time was not the charm To say that Samsung has botched the launch, subsequent recall, and second batch of defective units is an understatement. Carrier partners and regulators are taking matters into their own hands for the sake of the consumer. The South Korean tech giant inadvertently exacerbated the PR nightmare by accidentally sending one affected consumer a text suggesting it would try to "slow him down" so the company could have more time. Oops, wrong number. This couldn't come at a better time for Apple, as the company has seemingly done a good job with upselling customers to the iPhone 7 Plus with the new dual-camera system, which is one of the larger model's headline selling features. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus is Apple's most direct competitor to Samsung's 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 7, and the two companies dominate the space for premium phones and phablets. Demand already appears to be concentrated on the iPhone 7 Plus. Quoted shipping times on the larger models are longer, and third-party inventory-checking sites also show little to no inventory for the 7 Plus at most locations, though there is greater availability of the standard iPhone 7. Come on over In recent quarters, Apple has touted increasing Android switcher rates as it continues to woo customers from the other side. With Samsung's debacle, combined with the fact that other Galaxy-branded devices could be hurt from the fallout, Apple should enjoy an influx of Android switchers. S&P analyst Angelo Zino just put out a research note saying that he expects that Apple could grab a whole percentage point of worldwide market share from Samsung due to the crisis. That could translate into Apple selling an incremental 14 million to 15 million more devices than it otherwise would have in the September quarter. As carriers and regulators urge customers to come return their Samsung devices while simultaneously halting sales of affected models, there's a good chance that a lot of those users will defect to iOS. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 5:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 10 AAPL: 116.05 1.99 Apple blames removal of ‘Dash’ app on 1,000 fraudulent reviews from two of the creator’s accounts Chance Miller - 1 month ago @ChanceHMiller app View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: Kapeli has responded to Apple’s allegations in a new blog post, claiming that Apple never made contact before deleting the app and developer account. Additionally, Kapeli shared audio of the phone call with Apple regarding the issue. Last week, we reported on the removal of popular developer app Dash from the App Store, as well as the termination of the creator’s Apple Developer account. The company that publishes Dash, Kapeli, originally stated that it did not have any idea why Apple removed the app from the App Store, though it was later revealed that Apple had found evidence of App Store review manipulation. Now, Apple has issued a statement regarding the removal of Dash and the termination of Kapeli’s account… Issued to The Loop, today’s statement explains the situation from the beginning. Essentially, Apple says that it found almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews from two separate accounts and 25 apps for Kapeli. Apple claims that it made attempts to resolve the issue with the developer, but the efforts failed. This contradicts the initial thought that Dash was pulled without explanation or attempts at resolution on Apple’s part. Judging by the statement, Apple doesn’t seem to be in a position in which it will reserve its decision, explaining that review fraud control is a responsibility that it takes seriously in an effort to protect customers and developers alike. Apple has said that decisions like this are final and there is no appeal process. The full statement, which was issued to iMore, as well, can be read below. The statement is attributed to Apple spokesperson Tom Neumayr. “Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store. Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers.” Dash was a popular app in the developer community that provided offline API documentation. While the iOS app cannot be sold outside of the App Store, the Mac version is available via the developer’s website following its removal from the Mac App Store. It’s unclear at this point as to what Kapeli’s next steps will be, but theoretically, it could create another account and ensure that the new account is kept in good standing with Apple… Guides app View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → UK Prime Minister Bans Apple Watch from Cabinet Meetings Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 10th, 2016 11:26 AM EST | News Wearing your Apple Watch to a UK Cabinet meeting is off the table over concerns Russians are hacking smartwatches to spy on foreign governments. The ban comes from UK Prime Minister Theresa May who is extending the scope of the smartphone ban put in place by her predecessor David Cameron, and most likely has banned other smartwatches, too. Sorry, politicians, no Apple Watch for you Russian spying isn’t a new fear for the UK government and internet connected devices, like smartphones and smartwatches, have politicians worried about losing state secrets. “The Russians are trying to hack everything,” sources told the Telegraph. Banning the Apple Watch from meetings may seem like overkill considering it’s an accessory device for the iPhone, and if iPhones are already banned then that ought to be enough. The Apple Watch can, however, connect to WiFi networks it already knows even when its paired iPhone isn’t available, and that could be part of the reason behind the ban. On the other hand, politicians have a long track record of technology ignorance and likely don’t realize Apple Watch supports WiFi. That being the case, the ban has more to do with the microphones built into smartwatches because any device capable of recording could be seen as a security threat. Even without WiFi available for remote eavesdropping, smartwatch spies can turn to the App Store and apps like Just Press Record, SimpleMic, and Smart Recorder. Along with audio recording, some offer built-in transcription, too. Similar apps are available for other smartwatch platforms, too, which means the Prime Minister’s fear over spying better reach beyond Apple Watch. For that matter, her ban should include tablets, computers, and smartpens, too. That means no iPads, no Pebble smartwatches, and no Livescribe pens. Considering one Prime Minister banned smartphones and then later another added smartwatches hints that they aren’t tech savvy enough to see where the potential espionage threats are. Still, this ban feels more like a reaction to electronic eavesdropping fears than an assault on Apple products. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple Watch, ban, government, UK 5 Comments Add a comment geoduck October 10, 2016 This makes perfect sense. The hacking from Russia and China is massive, organized, deliberate, and with the intent of gaining economic, and strategic, advantage. No device, even Apple’s, is 100% hack proof. October 10, 2016 at 12:57 EST PM Lee Dronick October 10, 2016 Is the real concern hacking by foreign interests or the deliberate recording by attendees? Possibly both of course. October 10, 2016 at 1:07 EST PM Aaron Fothergill October 10, 2016 Probably a good idea. Reduces the chance that Russia picks up any good tips on how to become a police state from our Home Secretary. October 10, 2016 at 1:16 EST PM aardman October 10, 2016 Russian hacking my ass, she’s more worried that somebody records statements that prove to be embarrassing and damaging later on. October 10, 2016 at 2:02 EST PM Lee Dronick October 10, 2016 That is what I was thinking Aardman. October 10, 2016 at 2:10 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4943 Jeff Gamet news 5 1476098800 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
null
null
null
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Toronto startup edges closer to cashless future with its mobile wallet ‘Millennial heaven’ of Liberty Village a working lab for digital currency developed by the Royal Canadian Mint and acquired by nanoPay. A payment is processed using MintChip, the digital payment method, at Liberty Village Home Hardware.  (Melissa Renwick / Toronto Star) | Order this photo   By Sunny FreemanBusiness Reporter Mon., Oct. 10, 2016 Liberty Villagers have been leaving their wallets in their condos when they buy tools from the hardware store, stop in for sushi or purchase bouquets from the florist as part of a local currency experiment that could be a breeding ground for a cashless future. The university campus-like Toronto enclave has been a “working lab” for MintChip, the digital currency developed by the Royal Canadian Mint and acquired by startup nanoPay. Outside the startup’s office in a converted industrial building in the neighbourhood, a disproportionately large number of young professionals are crushed into a few blocks of condo towers and townhomes. “It’s millennial heaven here,” said Simon Keogh, chief marketing officer of nanoPay. “It’s a perfect place to test things if you’re trying to understand how millennials are going to be using your products.” The Toronto-based startup is one of hundreds of payments-focused financial technology players trying to compete with the likes of Apple Pay, a mobile wallet by the technology behemoth that launched in Canada this year. Technology-enabled players big and small are eyeing opportunities to disrupt traditional banking in a market expected to grow to a whopping $141 billion by 2019, up from less than $5 billion in 2014, according to some reports. Article Continued Below Laurence Cooke (left) and Chief Product Officer Simon Keogh of nanoPay in their Liberty Village office.  (Melissa Renwick / THE TORONTO STAR)   Although Apple has yet to release Canadian data on the uptake of its mobile wallet, there are signs it’s not being rapidly adopted in the U.S., where it’s been available since 2014. A March survey by Crone Consulting found that only six per cent of mobile users eligible for Apple Pay in the U.S. actually used the wallet. Tech research firm Timetric found Apple Pay accounts for just 0.2 per cent of total in-store transactions south of the border. The major problem for the nascent industry? Convincing consumers a mobile wallet is better than a physical one. “For me and you to use something in a big way, it needs to be ubiquitous,” said Rob Cameron, chief product and marketing officer at payment processor Moneris. “There need to be enough businesses that you can use something in the market that you normally operate in such that it just becomes the daily way you do something.” Apple Pay’s entry into the Canadian market has probably jump-started adoption rates and Cameron believes Samsung and Google will introduce their own wallets in Canada by the end of the year, which will further entrench the technology. NanoPay faces greater challenges than its bigger rivals because it doesn’t have the brand recognition. And it also requires users to go an extra step and transfer Canadian dollars from their bank accounts into the MintChip currency at a par exchange rate. Startups like MintChip are opting to provide an alternative to all three of the established payment types — cash, credit and debit — on the premise that consumers will be willing to take that extra step in exchange for a reward, said Bob Vokes, managing director of financial services for Canada at digital consultancy Accenture. Tying in loyalty and incentive programs is key to persuading customers to go through the added step of converting their cash to cryptocurrency like MintChip, a “pay-before solution” (as opposed to “pay now” solutions like debit or “pay later” such as credit cards). Tommy Herbert, marketing representative at Freshii Liberty Village, processes a payment using MintChip. Startups like MintChip are opting to provide an alternative to all three of the established payment types.  (Melissa Renwick)   Starbucks’ payment app is a highly successful example of getting customers to load up a digital wallet in exchange for loyalty points — probably the major reason behind its success, Vokes said. MintChip’s approach is particularly interesting, if not entirely new, he added, because it’s community-based. “It’s a way to draw people in their communities tighter, using a payments mechanism,” he said. “But over time in order for these systems to truly work you do need some scale.” Keogh believes the critical mass will follow because the technology offers benefits to both merchants — such as cheaper payment processing — and consumers, including rewards programs. But before it can compete on a national scale, it has to perfect its product quickly to keep pace with the rapid industry change. This is why it chose Liberty Village, a community that has become a microcosm of Canadian commerce, with multiple restaurants and nearly every type of shop — and scale up from there. That has also made it an ideal hub for other local tech startups looking to test out their products. Uber chose the high-density community as one of the test routes for its now-defunct UberHop fixed-route carpool experiment. NanoPay selected a cross-section of 13 local retailers to test and improve the platform — including a pub, a florist and a cake shop. The “working lab” allows it to iron out kinks before a national launch some time next year. For example, after receiving feedback at the MintChip-enabled Brazenhead pub, the company added the ability to add a tip or split a bill to a recent update of its app. Launching a new currency is particularly challenging, Keogh said, because the company must focus on appealing to two sets of user bases. With apps like MintChip, the possibility of a cashless future is gaining traction.   (Melissa Renwick / THE TORONTO STAR)   “When it comes to adopting different forms of payment, there is in many cases a sort of chicken and the egg. You need consumers to adopt it and you need merchants to be able to accept it.” The platform requires customers and merchants to download apps that speak to one another when a customer scans a QR code on a device with the app downloaded. This year, they will also be able to use in-store terminals after the company signed a deal with Canada’s largest payments processor. Consumers can also make free peer-to-peer transfers, such as for rent or allowance. Peer-to-peer transfers currently outpace merchant use 10-to-one, after “hundreds of thousands” of users across the country downloaded the app, Keogh said. During the trial phase, the company is coaxing customers to download the app by offering 20 per cent cash back in MintChips. Smaller merchants will be able to offer similar rewards programs through MintChip’s platform that they wouldn’t otherwise have the scale or money to roll out. Merchants also avoid fees paid to banks, payment processors or credit card companies because transfers go from one user’s cloud-based storage vault to the other. NanoPay is still figuring out the exact revenue model, but Keogh said it will involve a monthly rate as well as a per-transaction fee that is “a fraction of what they are paying today” for credit and debit transactions. Since its June 21 launch, MintChip users have added nearly $200,000 to their accounts and the company has processed nearly 10,000 transactions, Keogh said, though he declined to say how many regularly use it. Still, Liberty Village merchants say payment with MintChip is relatively rare. At Home Hardware, about five customers paid with MintChip in the past week, while about five per cent of purchases at the local Freshii quick service restaurant are made with the digital currency. But the possibility of a cashless future is gaining traction. Cash purchases will make up just 10 per cent of money spent in Canada by 2030 compared with 35 per cent of transactions in 2014, payment processor Moneris Solutions Corp projects. For mobile payments to take off, providers will have to make the case that using a phone to pay is that much more rewarding and convenient than tapping a card, he said. “Any of these innovative solutions like MintChip are testing if there are other approaches to accelerate moving to cashless,” Moneris’s Cameron said. “It really comes down to have you made the consumer’s life better in some way?” The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs ‘Heartbroken’ Clinton supporter went for a hike — and ran into Hillary herself The woman posted a picture with Hillary Clinton on Facebook that she says was snapped by Bill in their hometown of Chappaqua, N.Y. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher Published 10/10/2016 0 Comments Share US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/us-stocks-rise-as-energy-companies-and-apple-move-higher-35120012.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35120011.ece/73d39/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-9ce3dc7e-28c3-465d-affb-f60feac43b81_I1.jpg Email The Dow Jones industrial average rose 88.55 points to 18,329.04 US stocks rose on Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by Opec to cut oil production, while investors also reacted to the latest twists in the US presidential race. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Mr Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that is because investors understand Mrs Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues such as tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4%, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5%, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7%, to 5,328.67. Russian president Vladimir Putin said that Russia supports Opec's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of Opec announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, is not a member of Opec. Benchmark US crude rose 1.54 dollars, or 3.1%, to 51.35 dollars a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 1.21 dollars, or 2.3%, to 53.14 dollars a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed 1.70 dollars, or 2%, to 88.44 dollars and Devon Energy added 1.58 dollars, or 33.7%, to 44.39 dollars. Apple climbed 1.99 dollars, or 1.7%, to 116.05 dollars as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained 2.93 dollars, or 8.2%, to 38.87 dollars. On Friday the company agreed to pay 465 million dollars to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid programme for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programmes. The stock is down 20% since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell 5.62 dollars, or 10.1%, to 49.81 dollars. Rival Merck rose 1.13 dollars, or 1.8%, to 63.90 dollars as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34% since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent it to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10% over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Mr Trump's calamitous weekend. Mr Trump has criticised Mexico and its trade agreements with the US, so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Mr Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Mrs Clinton's chances. The US buys about 80% of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Following the peso's surge on Monday, one US dollar bought just 18.92 pesos, versus the 19.26 pesos it bought on Friday. The peso has weakened sharply this year but is currently the strongest it has been in about a month. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank 2.29 dollars, or 11.5%, to 17.56 dollars. It fell 20% on Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumours the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it has been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose 4.19 dollars, or 5.9%, to 75.10 dollars. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems will not close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up 5.55 dollars , or 7.7%, to 66.69 dollars . Gold rose 8.50 dollars to 1,260.40 dollars an ounce. Silver added 28 cents to 17.66 dollars an ounce. Copper picked up three cents to 2.20 dollars a pound. Germany's DAX rose 1.3% and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1% higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8%. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1%. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. The dollar rose to 103.68 yen from 103.06 yen on Friday. The euro fell to 1.1139 dollars from 1.1182 dollars, and the British pound fell to 1.2351 dollars from 1.2435 dollars. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. AP Press Association Read More Companies warned of £1.2bn a year cost of hard Brexit  A "hard Brexit" will cost UK companies an extra £1.2 billion a year, it has been estimated. Private sector expansion slows down, Bank of Scotland report shows  The country's private sector expanded at a slower rate last month, burdened by higher input prices and stagnating new business, a new report shows. Michael Noonan to offer reassurances about Ireland's appeal in US meetings  Finance Minister Michael Noonan is expected to offer reassurances about the country's enduring appeal when he meets potential investors in the United States this week. Big Six energy firms 'making six times more profit than they say'  Energy firms have been accused of making more profit than they say, following an investigation into companies' finances. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Waitrose bids for best Christmas ad with tear-jerking story of homecoming...  Business News Oil giant Puma Energy snaps up Belfast's former BP terminal in growth plan  Business News Brexit does not signal British retreat from the wider world, says Theresa May  Business News John Lewis releases upbeat Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Business News I'm A Celebrity campers split into two groups as jungle antics begin  News Benjamin Netanyahu denies Rabin 'incitement' claims  World Business activity in Northern Ireland records modest rate of growth  Business News Niall Horan: 'One Direction could reunite in the near future' Taylor Swift groping lawsuit photo leaked Lena Dunham suffered with hives after Trump's election victory Irish Whiskey - The Comeback Kid Poll: Is the poppy a political symbol? Brexit: Rep of Ireland should just leave EU Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Circus  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Revealed: Which Northern Ireland schools will be involved in strike action?  Fashion and Beauty Stunning fashions on display at Down Royal  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  Northern Ireland Watch: Moment Ulsterbus bursts into flames  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Northern Ireland Watch: Shocking moment young girl hits car  Northern Ireland Safety campaigner under fire for 'kids in cab' video  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
null
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Apple responds to Dash controversy with proof Posted on Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 3:00 pm. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple Controversy erupted last week when Apple cancelled the account of a popular developer app called Dash. Apple told the developer “they found evidence of App Store review manipulation,” an accusation the developer denied, but Apple has proof. Apple’s anti-fraud team has apparently been working with the developer for some time to stop fraudulent positive reviews, and negative reviews on competitors accounts. According to Apple, all attempts to work with the developer have failed, resulting in the account being terminated. “Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store,” Apple spokesperson, Tom Neumayr, said in a statement provided to The Loop on Monday. “Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers.” It’s really important to note that this has been going on for quite some time—it’s not a quick decision that Apple made on the spur of the moment last week. In fact, a warning was first sent to the developer two years ago, but the behavior did not change. The integrity of the App Store is as important to Apple as it is to consumers. When you read a review on the store, you want to know that it’s real. In some cases, they can be the deciding factor on which app you purchase and download. This is part of the reason we trust Apple and the App Store. They found inconsistencies in a developers account, tried to work with them to resolve the issue, and took decisive action to protect developers and customers when their attempts failed. It seems to me Apple has given the developer every opportunity to change the behavior that started this whole mess. I don’t think we can ask any more from Apple in these types of situations. App Store fraud cannot be tolerated. komocode yet FDG Entertainment has been buying app reviews for their apps for the past couple of years. shouldn’t they be terminated too? Shawn Send proof to Apple komocode they already have all of the proof. foljs Or so you say Donkey Maybe they’re already working on that one too. AP Mustard Are they paying for legitimate feedback from individuals, or for en-masse astroturfing from a single account? komocode the reviews aren’t legitimate at all. some of the reviews says that these games “saved their marriage” and “cured depression” which they go into a 500-word essay on why that is. AP Mustard So just to be clear, your official position is that software doesn’t have the power to help treat mental illness and improve interpersonal relationships? komocode My official position is: A free sniper game on the App Store that has more than a quarter million of 4-5 star written reviews that averages 250-500 words which discusses how it can cure mental illness and improve marriages and that are written by authors with gibberish names such as “Hhdyhstshcjbotex” is likely to have illegitimate/paid reviews. AP Mustard Sniping apps are very effective among people who don’t have time to come up with a username. komocode if you think these are legitimate reviews, then you need to do some research. tomclarke I know dozens of marriages that have been saved by sniping games. Dozens. Donkey This is all rather intriguing. The narrative when the story broke was that Apple had “just gone and done” this, with no warning or contact to/with the developer. Didn’t the developer even say that specifically? How on earth did they think the truth would not come to light? codedungeon Well, I don’t think Apple would speak out defending themselves if they didn’t have proof from their end. My feeling is the developer didn’t share the whole story Donkey Absolutely agree (edited my original post to make a bit more sense). 😊 rick gregory https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story Listen to the call. Donkey Wow. Bill_the_binman The Apple representative seems very reasonable. Clearly trying to be helpful. Rory Griffin Apple’s lack of contacting the ORIGINAL account (not the one that was linked, the fake account, which they did contact) is proof that Apple did act wrongly. Sharonmbetts4 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj424d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj424d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash424MarketEcoGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj424d:…….,……. Pete Austin There were two developers that Apple treated as linked. They never warned the “good” guy who wrote Dash, only the other one. Read the details here: http://daringfireball.net/2016/10/apple_dash_controversy Rory Griffin According to the conversation here: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story We can listen to the phone call and we discover the ORIGINAL account was NEVER contacted, while the supposed “linked account” was. They didn’t contact the guy IN QUESTION, but someone else. IE: if someone did something in YOUR NAME, Apple can clearly contact that person who used your name, and shut down your account without any warning. They obviously don’t want to fix fraud, they want to squash developers who have better tools than they. Otherwise they would have contacted BOTH accounts. Donkey With you right up until the “obviously” part. That’s a huge leap from actual facts that show Apple made a mistake here, to a wild conspiracy about Apple’s motives. Chip Warden What proof? It’s still an “Apple says; Kapeli says” problem as far as I can tell. Pseudo Strabismus I sure hope we do NOT get into an environment where Apple trashes a developer, even a suspect one, in the press. Dash/Kapeli could easily enough release Apple from any liability by asking them to show the “evidence” against him—maybe IPs on reviews or similar?—but even then I’d hope this could be resolved in a way that devs don’t fear a powerful Apple slandering them. freediverx Apple didn’t bring this to the public. The developer did, while lying about the reason and shaming Apple. He got what he deserved. GD Check with the origin this is not a “he got what he deserved”. The developer gave old hardware to a relative and taught them how to develop apps. The cousin turned around and used the devices in what apple deemed a malicious manner. BUT apple only contacted the malicious account holder NOT the account which they also terminated which they incessantly repeated that was “linked” to it. Apple is slightly at fault for not contacting all parties which were involved. Joost Dikker Hupkes I’m sure Apple made contact via information provided by the developer. It is his responsibility to ensure this info is correct. Even if he ‘gave’ his hardware to a relative and allowed him/her to use the developer account, he is still responsible for actions taken by that account. Personally I think the cousin story sounds like a very convenient lie. (Sounds, I obviously don’t know) Tom_P So when “you” let someone else using “your” account, you don’t have to be responsible for it? Richard Flapper True, but even then, I mean, if you’ve helped your cousin with his setup and this cousin gets “spammed” by Apple for two years, I mean, don’t they talk to each other? I talk to random developers if I’m faced with a technical problem. If I have a cousin in the same business as mine, I would for sure talk to him once in a two year-span period. And if this cousin is spammed by Apple wouldn’t this cousin mention this at least once?? This whole story reeks a bit to “my dog ate my homework, Sir”. tccki Assuming Loop is being truthful, I’d say a multi-billion dollar company releasing a formal statement is about as much proof as one can reasonably expect. Chip Warden What formal statement? I see no link to a statement from Apple. tccki It’s in the article. mdelvecchio Apple has no obligation to publish the findings of their investigation. it also serves no purpose; if they know this guy was fraudulent then they took the correct action. they don’t need to convince people on blogs…and doing so may reveal how their fraud system works. i trust apple more than randoms. Chip Warden If they want developers and users to have faith in their App Store system, I believe they should be as transparent as possible in any system that can result in a developer being banned from continuing to support paid apps. John Brave in fraud detection systems you can never reveal all your secrets and still maintain the effectiveness of such a system. If Apple revealed how they detect the fraud, fraudsters would make sure to avoid every method. As someone who runs a site with customer reviews, I have a bunch of secret methods for detecting users with multiple accounts. Once I made the mistake of hinting to somebody about one of the methods and sure enough, they learned to not make that mistake. I could tell because that particular method didn’t work anymore on its own. Other methods revealed that this one was being avoided. So, such systems really rely on secrecy. Apple would be stupid to be ‘as transparent as possible’. freediverx Me thinks thou protest too much. Perhaps you’re also an ethically challenged app developer? GlennC777 Apple really has no incentive to lie. Quite the opposite, since this is a popular developer who brings App Store revenues. Chip Warden And they have lots of courage, too. Joost Dikker Hupkes Imagine what they could do with that courage… codedungeon I am sure Apple has proof. And speaking out publicly, it would be in their best interest to NOT lie. The fact that this story even got a response from Apple, leads me to believe Apple has proof Chip Warden How can they be possibly be caught in a lie? They control all the information supporting their position. I’m not saying it is not their right to run their App Stores any way they want; I’m just saying doing so is somewhat shady. Chip Warden I guess a recorded phone call would do it. Good for Kapeli. Richard Flapper What about the authenticity of the phone call? What if his cousin is the pretended Apple employee? I guess a recorded phone call is as good as no evidence in this case. Travis Romero Is it legal for him to record the call? Rory Griffin Are you seriously asking? I record calls all the time, of course it’s legal. If it weren’t, I’d be worried about something far worse than Apple making a mistake. Travis Romero California’s wiretapping law is a “two-party consent” law. It’s illegal to record a call unless both people agree. Rory Griffin It is always in everyone who is making money’s interest to not lie. Mistakes can be made. If your neighbor was pretending to be you at the election booth because they want their guy to win, do you thus get two votes, or only one? Is the other not you? If they contact your neighbor but not you, then YOU get punished, isn’t that wrong? Someone has done one over on Apple, and this guy is paying the price. Joshua Dance Great info, is there a source on this? Did Apple reach out to the Loop directly? foljs (…) Apple spokesperson, Tom Neumayr, said in a statement provided to The Loop on Monday. Patrick Barnes This isn’t proof. Anyone could do this to anyone else’s app and have it taken down. Proof is IPs and logs. mdelvecchio why would apple surrender such evidence to you? or me? we’re not involved. gcreedle Yes but if Apple were communicating with him for two years, he had plenty of opportunity to plead his case, or suggest who was doing this to him David Stewart This was always the most rational and likely situation. It is interesting that so many people, so many developers, were so willing to lay 100% of the blame at the feet of Apple. mdelvecchio as usual. everyone is an armchair executive these days. rience What about after this response: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story? David Stewart That lines up with what i would expect. This was the last step in a long process. Apple is now giving the Dash developer an easy way to get his account back. Seems appropriate to me. rience If only they didn’t accuse him in public first. Imagine if he didn’t have this recording. It’ll be his word against Apple. marcintosh Apple wasn’t first. We only know about this whole sordid tale because the dev posted it on his blog and a lot of other devs read his blog. Apple’s statement was a response because the dev put them in an awkward position. GlennC777 My presumption was always that Apple had its reasons. The developer’s story seemed fishy from the beginning. Glad to see Apple address the controversy directly. Dan Finlay So all you have to do to take an app off the app store is to hire a farm to give a lot of fake positive reviews? This seems like they’re opening a dangerous can of worms. Seph It sounded like that in the beginning, but now the facts are more clear: He created several accounts with the same personal info. Developer confirmed this. So you’d need to steal the target developers legal information such as credit card info, bank account info, name, address, email, etc. Mo Speaking as a user, if you’re a dev who’s hiring a review farm, I don’t want to see your app listed, no matter how good it is. flydrive I recommend reading the latest blog post on the developer’s account and listening to the 8 minute recording of the phone call he had with Apple. You can draw your own conclusions about whether or not he knew his relative, for whom he set up the account, was buying/faking reviews. It’s unfortunate that having ‘linked’ the two accounts, Apple didn’t contact him in the months leading up to shutting down both of them so he could do something about it. This is now not going to get resolved. Chip Warden So Apple lied about contacting Kapeli. Listen to the call: they admit it. David Stewart How would Apple have known the two accounts which shared financial information and devices where different people? Apple said it contacted the developer, which it did. Chip Warden If you’re going to cancel two accounts, it seems to me you’d contact both account holders. Apple did not, and admitted it on the recorded phone call. David Stewart I agree that going forward it would be prudent for Apple to do that. Matt Hickman Wow, what a great article that totally gave an objective view of what happened. https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story for the other side. A warning was sent to an account not in control of the developer, not to the developer himself. Apple definitely dropped the ball by not notifying the primary Dash developer account. Chip Warden Not just dropped the ball; they lied about contacting Kapeli. This reinforces that they need to be absolutely transparent when banning a developer from an App Store. Ian Davies Where was the lie? They didn’t even mention Kapeli by name in the statement. They simply refer to “the developer”. Going from the phone call, the Apple rep repeatedly made it very clear they didn’t think that Kapeli had done anything wrong, but he repeatedly stated the fact that Kapeli’s account was linked (perhaps “associated” is a better term) to an account involved in fraudulent activity. From Apple’s point of view they can’t mess about with this. From Kapeli’s point of view it was naïve, at the very least, for him to be so involved with a developer account that he wasn’t going to have any overview or seemingly even any regular contact with. Assuming the best of Kapeli, he was silly not to have de-registered the devices he gave away to this other developer, and he left himself open to exactly this type of situation. It seems to me that Apple offered him a reasonable way to regain his developer account without any loss of face, but he instead chose to act wounded. Mathias What on earth are you talking about? They said they contacted the developer. If both accounts shared the same device ID’s and CC, Apple had every reason to believe they had done so. I think Apple has done everything that can be reasonably expected, it’s not their fault that the twitter mob as usual jumps to conclusions and tries to paint Apple in the worst light possible. To me, the developer clearly screwed up. Not only that, he acts like a spoiled brat too. Chip Warden Two different email accounts. Two different developer accounts. They only contacted one (and admitted so on the recorded call). Mathias I admire your tenacity. You should read this. http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Will Senn Apparently, Apple’s version of the truth is anecdotal, Kapeli’s is recorded conversations, who do you believe: http://www.osnews.com/story/29435/Dash_dev_claims_innocence_posts_calls_with_Apple_as_proof David Stewart The truth seems pretty clear. The developer was using an account that was linked to another account, even using the financial information, and that account was engaging in fraudulent activity. Apple followed their fraud mitigation processes and finally got to the step of closing the fraudulent account and all associated accounts. They have provided the developer a way to be reinstated if he wishes. Will Senn Meanwhile, users of a very popular piece of software suffer while Apple insists on selectively applying their policy and not providing a simple resolution when presented with the problem. It looks like they at least recognize that this isn’t some fly by night app, but how blogging in response, rather than working with the developer to fix the underlying misunderstanding is a mystery. David Stewart How is Apple selectively applying their policy? It seems the problem here is exactly the opposite, they applied their policy blindly, without deferring to this developer because his app is popular. They obviously are working with this developer, as the developer’s own phone recording demonstrates. Fahim Farook How is asking the developer to say that he was in the fault so that Apple looks good a solution? Apple screwed up. It appears clear that the linked account was the one which was notified about the fraudulent activity. The Dash developer does not appear to have known about any of this till Apple took down his account. Now Apple wants him to admit that he was in the wrong and then they’ll “magnanimously” restore his account? Looks like a clear case of Apple not wanting bad PR. How does Apple consider accounts as linked? Is a credit card number enough to link accounts even if the account details are different on two accounts? That would be one of the crucial points here. Also, how come Apple is not taking down accounts with large downloads which clearly have fake reviews? What is their rationale there? This just feels like a PR exercise on the part of Apple because their internal bureaucracy resulted in a screw up. David Stewart They are simply asking him to explain the situation. He was funding an account that was engaging in fraudulent activity. Whether you consider that wrong doing or not, that seems to be the reality. Apple is simply asking him to explain that given that he made this whole thing public. rience So the fact that they haven’t contacted him (on his developer account) before closing his account is ok? Ian Davies Apple contacted the developer account that was the source of the fraudulent behaviour (not Kapeli’s) and then closed down the other accounts related to that developer (including Kapeli’s). His mistake was allowing himself to be connected to an account that he had no control over and was paying no attention to. David Stewart I think in the future Apple probably will contact all related accounts. They didn’t have any way of knowing the two accounts were different people, though. rience Sure because not getting responses from the only account they’ve contacted is not enough to try another email account. It’s BCC field. Right after To. David Stewart I don’t think Apple wastes its time trying so hard to get in contact with fraudsters. Its far easier to simply shutter the fraudulent accounts. rience Understandable. But then – don’t say they’ve done it right. David Stewart You think they should coddle fraudsters? rience Not exactly but for starters they might consider not lying in official public statement few days after they know 100% what has happened. David Stewart I don’t see where Apple lied. They don’t seem to have known about this “relative.” rience Recorded conversation happened on Saturday. Public statement was on Monday. I think this pretty clear shows us that they knew. Another question is – did developer sent them draft version of blog post or not? If yes – why didn’t they wait with statement on Monday? David Stewart We have no way to know any of the facts as the only information we have is from interested parties. We also don’t know how who at Apple knows what about this case. From what Apple has said, there are at least two accounts tied to the Dash developer with fraudulent activity. Apple has given the developer a way to reinstate his account and he seems more interested in muddying Apple than getting his account back. Make of that what you will. rience You’re saying that ‘Apple has given’. And yes – recording confirms that. But look at sequence of events (that we know of) On Saturday – developer is talking with Apple about sending draft version of blog post to Apple. And Apple then says – that his developer account will be brought back. Then on Monday – Apple sends public statement saying that developer is fraudster. Note – they didn’t say what they’ve heard from developer. Just simply they said – he had two accounts. Without even saying that only one of them was involved in such activity. Only after that – developer decides to respond to those accusations. So it doesn’t look as ‘muddying’ for me. David Stewart The developer says he sent a blog post draft to Apple, but if he is willing to post the call why not the draft? He did post again this morning essentially trying to rile up customers against Apple. rience I don’t know why he didn’t post this ‘draft post’. Maybe he didn’t. What is certain is that Apple on Monday accused him of bad behaviour. I didn’t know about his post from this morning so I looked it up. I don’t know where you find this information that is is trying to rile up customers against Apple 1) He said – show me receipt and I’ll send you license for Mac version. 2) He said – he can’t distribute iOS version so he is looking for fellow developers to put that under their account (as free app!) The only (slightly) aggressive statement he made was: “Due to Dash’s removal from the App Store, please note that you can no longer download the apps you paid for.”. Which is true. David Stewart He has since linked to his draft blog post, which is good. The post today he puts “you can no longer download the apps you paid for” in bold, which, to me, indicated an attempt to build up animosity (as any affected user would already know this). I would imagine some further communication with Apple likely prompted this posting. rience You’re right. He said that he send draft of blog post to Apple aproximately 30 min after conversation. So if that’s true – then it shows Apple in even worse light. Because now 1) He gets call on Saturday. He is proposed a solution to a problem. 2) He agrees to solution – sends draft blog post to Apple 3) On Monday he is waking up to public accusation of bad behaviour. Michael Utech David, that’s exactly the spirit of our age. You also don’t waste time in Guantanamo. Your assumption is that Apple has the quality of the Pope with a direct connection to an omnipotent information source. You are right, it is easier to do what you want instead of following a fair procedure. But as much as it’s easy, it is – or at least should be – illegal. Assumption is not enough to destroy somebodies business. David Stewart Apple did follow what I would consider a fair procedure. They contacted the fraudulent account numerous times over the course of a couple of years, finally terminating the account when they got no response. The Dash account was caught up in this, which is unfortunate, but Apple has been working with the developer to get his main account reinstated. I’m not sure how it could get much more fair. Apple has to deal with large volumes of fraud, so they are not going to be absolutely perfect. Michael Utech If both accounts trace back to one person, meaning if Bogdan is the owner of both accounts, then I would agree with you. But the phone recording clearly contradicts this position and I have a hard time to believe that this is forged. Reasonable procedure is – must be, since we are talking about money and reputation, pretty much the same as any court. You have to consider the facts, not assumptions or appearances and then decide based on that. That is proper procedure. Apple has to deal with large volumes of fraud, but also with large volumes or revenue and large pay checks. That should really not be an issue. If they can do it right, they shouldn’t do it. That’s the essence of Apple projected self image. Or at least it was. David Stewart Both accounts did trace back to the same person. He created both accounts, paid for both accounts, allowed both accounts to use the same devices, same identifiers, and user information. We don’t know what the contact information for the other account was, but these were both his accounts. If he allowed someone to use his account to commit fraud then that’s at least partially on him. I think the facts of the case bear that out. Michael Utech If there are two entities (people or companies) involved, then each is responsible for their own actions. Now if one person committed fraud as outlined by Apple, then this person’s account should of course be shut down, nothing to criticise about that. If another person (Bogdan) gave the former his CC data to create an account and gave him his old devices for testing, then this might or might not by itself be enough reason to terminate an account. But Apple should contact Bogdan and tell him that if you do that (CC & devices) your account will be terminated for that reason. They did not contact him and it also does not seem to be a reason for account termination if you do what Bogdan admitted to have done. If Bogdan gave his support in order to enable the other guy to do what he did, then of course this is also a good reason for an account termination, but I did not see any information that this is the case. On the other hand, if Apple knows that there is only one person, then everything they did is ok. But from all we know (especially from phone recording) this is not the case. I did not see any evidence yet that contradicts Bogdans story. If Apple has no proof that Bogdan is the fraudster or is knowingly cooperating in fraud then the account termination based on fraud is not justifiable. They can of course terminate his account for any other reason they find, for example publishing the phone call recording could be such reason, but that’s not what happened. Do you see my point? David Stewart Evidence suggests Bogdan is the person behind both accounts: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Michael Utech Thanks for the link. That info certainly is changing the appearance. If Apple had these or similar information available their reaction would have been adequate. What I don’t understand is why they would not have mentioned it (as they mentioned the CC & devices). It would have strengthened their position a lot and would have prevented a lot of people – including me – from critizising their procedure. Michael Utech They did not (at least not in public), basically because there are two accounts and according to Bodgan two people behind these accounts. There are also two contracts and each has to be terminated seperately. After working out … they reversed their position and got back to blaming Bogdan for both accounts. Not fair. Apple does not only have a large volume of fraud, they also have a large volume of revenue and a large number of employees. That’s really no valid argument. I am not expecting anybody to be perfect. If there was a mistake, it would be easy to correct it (reinstantiate the account if (and only if) Bodgan is not guilty for what he was blamed for and apologising – which would be in order if so). But that did not happen. One more thing: as long as Bogdan’s story is not contradicted by facts, we should not contribute in destructing his reputation. There is a reason why in every modern constitution people are protected from being treated guilty before the guilt is proven. David Stewart Look at this: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 It looks like there is a lot of evidence that Bogdan is actually the person behind both accounts. Michael Utech Try to get a developer account. Then you will change your mind about that, knowing that Apple very well knows your identity before allowing you to publish to the app store. David Stewart I have a developer account… From what we know the accounts created shared most of the same information, including bundle IDs, financial information and possibly even user information. Michael Utech When I got my DUNS ID, it was a major endeavour. I don’t believe you get two ID for the same company/person and also not two accounts for the same ID. But even if I would be wrong here (not sure you really need DUNS as an indie dev since I have a small company), in any case, Apple should have contacted Bogdan before terminating the account, if only to give him a chance to present his case. If they had enough time to keep the fraudulent account in store for two years, a couple of days would not really have had a huge impact. And last not least, the recorded phone call shows that Apple is now well aware of the two identities and still not willing to resolve the issue. Far from it, they fall back to their initial position. If they have evidence showing that Bogdan is in deed responsible and thus lying and they don’t want to reveal it to the public (f.e. to protect their investigators techniques) they could just say that and offer to resolve the case in court. Thing is, we all don’t know the facts and can only speculate. Thus we should at least consider the possibility that both parties are decent and truthy and not a priori condemn one side based only on the confidence in the more powerful institution. Apple employees are people, they make mistakes, and for some of them, their superiors just cover up if it’s less of a burden or otherwise opportune. I don’t know if that happened, but its just as likely as Bogdan creating one super popular high quality app, 24 trash apps, two accounts sharing the same CC and then earn money by writing bad reviews for some products and good ones for his trash apps. Just doesn’t sound like the kind of thing you do for a living when you are a good and rather successful programmer (he apparently is both). David Stewart Apple gave the developer a way to get his account reinstated… Michael Utech If you are referring to the phone call, then Bogdan send his draft (claims to have done) and the next thing we know happened was the statement of Apple on loop. They obviously changed their mind. Will Senn Did you even bother listening to the recording? As Thom Holwerda, of OSNews says: In the recorded phone call, Apple admits that they never notified him at all, despite Apple’s claims to the contrary. Then, they tried to coerce Popescu into publicly admitting wrongdoing – even though he did nothing wrong. After Popescu told Apple he was not going to do that, Apple tells him that he can tell the truth, but that Apple wants to approve the story before posting it. Popescu complies, sends in the story – and a few days later, Apple sends in its blogger army, by falsely accusing Popescu of manipulating App Store reviews. Ian Davies I think you mean… “Meanwhile, users of a very popular piece of software suffer while the developer insists on publicly bitching instead of taking a simple resolution when it was presented to him. It looks disingenuous at least to pretend that a developer account that he paid for and uses devices registered to him isn’t anything to do with him, but how blogging in response, rather than simply explaining the underlying misunderstanding is a mystery.” Will Senn On a further review of this it seems clear to me that Apple’s policy is about as developer unfriendly as it gets. If someone manages to link to your account via identity theft, they don’t even bother notifying you (by their own admission) that fraudulent activity is taking place on a “linked” account. They just notify the linked account, until it reaches a certain threshold, and then they kill the linked account and the developer account. In this case, the developer was involved in the linkage originally, but that needn’t have been the case. Either way, the developer is asked by Apple to “take the blame”. Meanwhile, Apple want’s to be sure that readers know that they have not “made a mistake”. Sheesh, Kapeli is reasonable in the tape, so is the Apple representative aside from his talking down to the developer as he tries to process this difficult information, but at the end of the day, they chose to not honor the agreement they made with him and put him through the ringer on the blogs rather than just terminating the linked account and going after that person while putting Kapeli on notice. Strong arm tactics of the worst sort coming from a company that I have high regard for normally. Disappointing. David Stewart There is no evidence simple identity theft would end in this result. In this case the developer was paying for the fraudulent accounts and quite possibly was benefiting financially from the fraud. Blame Apple if you want, but you seem to be accepting everything the developer says at face value and distrusting everything Apple says. I’m not sure that’s the way to arrive at an objective opinion. Will Senn David, You sound like an Apple Troll. Seriously, simple identity theft? What is that? If someone links to your account using your credit card information, how is that different than what happened to the developer hear. I don’t take anyone at face value, however, we have access to the recorded call between the developer and an Apple support rep as evidence. David Stewart It sounds like in this case it was a preponderance of evidence, credit card, possibly bank account, devices, IDs, etc. It would be easier for someone to hack your account than establish all those linkages. New evidence suggest that the developer is behind both accounts. freediverx And the scumbag developer had the gall to publicly complain and deny any wrongdoing. The Donald Trump of app developers. Jim Strathmeyer It seems to me Apple has given the developer every opportunity to change the behavior that started this whole mess. I don’t think we can ask any more from Apple in these types of situations. App Store fraud cannot be tolerated. It seems to me I know a really easy way to get an app removed from the app store. Competitors come to me first, or else it could be your store that is removed! Apple is given every opportunity to acknowledge their problems and fix them, but they always blame their troubles on others. Can’t complain when you end up in the crosshairs of a company whose entire business seems based upon fraud, like convincing everyone that a guy who died of a curable cancer was somehow a genius. marcintosh Not only did they give him the opportunity, they gave him explicit instructions of what to do. He even recorded Apple giving those instructions. Francisco Presencia In the interview and phone call you can clearly listen how Apple states that the warnings were given to the account of the person infringing the rules, NOT to the developer: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story Which totally contradicts the statement quoted here. Richard Flapper Nonetheless, they are relatives and they engage in business with each other (even though it’s only by a shared/linked account and him giving hardware of his to his cousin). There’s absolutely no conversation with him and his cousin that remotely touches the subject of the cousin being “harassed” by Apple? I mean, if they were total strangers I would buy the story but as it stands now, this whole story sounds a bit fishy. Michael Utech If you, just for a moment, assume that Bodgan is not what Apple implied he was. If you are the one trying to earn easy money by pushing your apps in abusive ways, then you get into trouble with Apple. Would you tell the guy? Maybe. But I can just as well imagine that this guy wouldn’t want to admit what he’s doing, especially not if he’s doing it with his relative’s credit card. And even if Bogdan knew about it, that doesn’t mean that he is responsible for his relatives actions and certainly not that he is obliged (neither morally nor legally) to help Apple persecute the thing. It’s also (and quite obviously) not evident for Bogdan that their accounts are linked. David Stewart How would Apple have known the two accounts weren’t the same person? Michael Utech Try to get two DUNS identification numbers. Try harder. Then try to get two different credit cards. Then decide what was more effort and whether getting a DUNS ID is so much fun that you still want to go through it. Mathias No it doesn’t. If the two accounts share device ID’s and CC, Apple had every reason to believe that they had contacted “the developer”. To me, this is clearly on the developer. Plus, he’s acting like an entitled, spoiled brat. Michael Utech No, not every reason. They have two separate DUNS identification numbers. You can probably somehow forge that, but that would be a so much more substantial effort than not to use the same credit card. It’s reliable enough for Apple to let you create an account with which you can publish to the AppStore, a credit card is not sufficient. These DUNS ID’s verify that there are two separate legal entities with whom Apple has contracts. If they violate the terms and conditions, Apple terminates their contracts, maybe even asks for compensation. On the other hand, Apple did not even respect their own procedures enough to – for a moment – thing about the possibility that their assumptions about the respective identities are really valid. They simply don’t care. That sounds more like the spoiled brat kind of attitude you see on the other side. The question should be whether it’s objectively on the developer or on Apple, what everybody feels like about that is largely irrelevant if a persons and a companies reputations and revenues are at stake (whatever you value more). Pete Austin “What I’ve done: 3-4 years ago I helped a relative get started by paying for her Apple’s Developer Program Membership using my credit card. I also handed her test hardware that I no longer needed. From then on those accounts were linked in the eyes of Apple. Once that account was involved with review manipulation, my account was closed. I was not aware my account was linked to another until Apple contacted me Friday, 2 days after closing my account. I was never notified of any kind of wrongdoing before my account was terminated.” http://daringfireball.net/2016/10/apple_dash_controversy oliversl Well, there are more info and it seems Apple acted on an account, and not on a person. Maybe they wanted to use this case as an example or a warning. But that poor developer was hurt. michaelamie You guys arguing about “proof” are hilarious. Who gives a flying leap about “review fraud” when you are missing the big picture that this is the BS end game of these kinds of walled garden corporate ecosystems with draconian distribution policies. Personally, I don’t need Apple making all of these decisions for me. Fake reviews or not, I just like using this app. I don’t need 10,000 other people to tell me whether it sucks or not or to reaffirm my taste in smart phone applications. It’s almost like the old-skool shareware / demo-ware model is actually better than trusting random reviewers from shitty monolithic app stores run by mega-corporations. I guess the “social” “web 2.0” really does know best, doesn’t it? What would we ever do without canned, corporate-approved social interactions like review systems, likes, and retweet buttons. Don’t worry, I’m sure we will get plenty more useless “disruptive” social media and sharing economy apps designed by boring corporations that meet Apple’s standards. The anti-problem future is looking bright as ever, and I simply cannot wait to see what the Ivy-League techno-utopianists from the promised land of neo-liberal / late capitalist social-darwinism bring us next. Michael Utech This statement from Tom Neumayr insists on the assumption that there is one entity with two accounts who committed fraudulent behaviour. The evidence for this is the shared use of a credit card and devices. Evidence for the other side are two different DUNS identifications, which are sufficiently reliable to be accepted as proof of identity for Apple to create an account. Bogdan’s explanation regarding his relative sounds plausible. Much more plausible than Tom’s explanation, regarding “this developer” with two accounts. Why would one person go through the hassle to forge documents required for the DUNS registration and then use the same credit card for two accounts which would have a completely different purpose? Why would he create one quality app and 24 trash apps? That’s certainly possible but not at all plausible. Apple chose to communicate with one account over an extended period of time warning them about the abusive behaviour before closing both accounts, even though these are (from all I read) legally unrelated. The Apple employee in charge of the termination of the account is probably overworked and underpaid but proud to have an Apple on his t-shirt. It was probably obvious to them that the accounts are forged and they would rather close a ticket than to go through the unpleasant discussions following another verification call or mail. In most cases, this is probably adequate, however here it seems like the termination was not appropriate and if so, Bogdan suffered damages regarding his business and his reputation. I really don’t see how he would be responsible for his relatives behaviour (just assuming that neither Apple nor the Developer plainly lied, because statements from both sides are plausible, much more than one side lying in this scenario). With great power comes – contrary to Hollywood – not great responsibility, but rather a comfortable feeling of who cares for the consequences of my decision if somebody else has to suffer them. I find this article has a rather propagandistic smell to it. Michael Utech Propagandistic because: – “Apple responds … with proof” – No, it’s just a statement. Proof has to be verifiable, everything that’s given in this article lacks this feature. – “Apple has given the developer every opportunity” – No. This would be true only as long as you presume that Bogdan was responsible for the “whole mess”. – “the behavior that started this whole mess” which is what you expressively do. But presumptions are neither valuable proof nor any basis on which you rightfully can terminate someone’s business or attempt to destroy a persons reputation by claiming that they are responsible for abusive behaviour. “App Store fraud cannot be tolerated” – I am certain that nobody, except for those committing it want fraud to be tolerated. But that is not what the vast majority of people arguing for Bogdan have in mind. This cheap shots are just insulting… nht Given that folks have found evidence that he wrote those trash apps and then buried that past in a secondary account I’m guessing that Apple figured it out as well. The terse statement that Apple wanted was in his best interest and avoided any admission of guilt. It had the beauty of sounding like it was a statement by a lawyer and less likely make folks go digging into his past. Attempting to spin this dubious story of being such a great fella gifting an account to a relative in his blog draft was probably the final straw for Apple. It’s seems clear from the waybackmachine that he wrote moveAddict, iGuard and Dash as they were promoted on his website as his products. Michael Utech “Given that folks have found evidence..” – I do not know anything about anybody (who is folks?) who found such evidence. If Bogdan is in deed the same guy responsible for Dash and the fraud discovered by Apple, then of course he is to blame. If Apple knew that all along and just was nice enough to pretend (to Bogdan on the phone) that they don’t know about it, then their public communication is misleading (to their own disadvantage), because that exact detail would make all the difference. If on the other hand Apple did not have clues other than the CC and devices that were mentioned by now, this does not contradict Bogdan’s explanation and would not justify a shutdown of his account (at least in my opinion, I’m not a lawyer). Especially the cold break after the phone call leading to the statement published here is not understandable and without other information does not shed a good light on Apples procedures. I did not read anything about this evidence yet. Can you give me a reference so that we can remove a few “if’s and would’s” from this discussion? nht http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Michael Utech With that information available it becomes really hard to take sides with Bogdan. It is excessively silly of Bogdan to have published these blog/twitter posts given that he is at least much more involved in the other accounts than just having provided a payment method and test devices. Even if he wasn’t involved in fraud, which is increasingly difficult to believe, telling only part of his involvement and covering up the rest if it’s so easy to reveal the information is really embarassing. This turn of events really surprised me. Recalling the phone conversation, I have to admit that Apple behaved much more constructively than I would have in such a situation (assuming that Apple had similar information available). I just don’t understand why they didn’t reveal the information as they revealed the link via CC and devices. nht High road I guess. Also, it is possible he sold/gifted all his old apps to his cousin but it’s somewhat obvious that a) he doesn’t mention this and b) it would be much harder for him to deny all knowledge or any responsibility as he tried to do in his postings. The credit card information is tangible and indisputable. I guess if they kept ip logs from uploads that would be hard proof as well. Then again I suspect we would hear “my cousin shares my wifi”. He really should have gone with “yeah, I’ll write exactly what you want, thanks for working with me”. As the author of some sketchy apps his credibility was kinda questionable to begin with. Which is probably why he tried to hide that. Michael Utech Well this information actually turned my position upside down. As it appears now, Apple was much more constructive and good intentioned than I would have expected from any company. Now, whether or not there are two people involved, whether or not he passed over his products to his relative, the sole fact that he was trying to hide his much deeper involvement in the other account removes all credibility for his position and statements. Andrew Lee This seems pretty convincing: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 nht Yeah, I was going to repost that too. Nice sleuthing on the wayback machine. Looks like he doubled down and bet against the internet finding out his past with the usual results. Gushi Why was the fact that Steam recently did the same thing not mentioned in this Article? michaelamie I’m using ReiserFS right now and it kicks ass. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Thanks to Daylite, the business productivity app for Mac & iOS, for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Apple responds to Dash controversy with proof Posted on Monday, October 10th, 2016 at 3:00 pm. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple Controversy erupted last week when Apple cancelled the account of a popular developer app called Dash. Apple told the developer “they found evidence of App Store review manipulation,” an accusation the developer denied, but Apple has proof. Apple’s anti-fraud team has apparently been working with the developer for some time to stop fraudulent positive reviews, and negative reviews on competitors accounts. According to Apple, all attempts to work with the developer have failed, resulting in the account being terminated. “Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store,” Apple spokesperson, Tom Neumayr, said in a statement provided to The Loop on Monday. “Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers.” It’s really important to note that this has been going on for quite some time—it’s not a quick decision that Apple made on the spur of the moment last week. In fact, a warning was first sent to the developer two years ago, but the behavior did not change. The integrity of the App Store is as important to Apple as it is to consumers. When you read a review on the store, you want to know that it’s real. In some cases, they can be the deciding factor on which app you purchase and download. This is part of the reason we trust Apple and the App Store. They found inconsistencies in a developers account, tried to work with them to resolve the issue, and took decisive action to protect developers and customers when their attempts failed. It seems to me Apple has given the developer every opportunity to change the behavior that started this whole mess. I don’t think we can ask any more from Apple in these types of situations. App Store fraud cannot be tolerated. komocode yet FDG Entertainment has been buying app reviews for their apps for the past couple of years. shouldn’t they be terminated too? Shawn Send proof to Apple komocode they already have all of the proof. foljs Or so you say Donkey Maybe they’re already working on that one too. AP Mustard Are they paying for legitimate feedback from individuals, or for en-masse astroturfing from a single account? komocode the reviews aren’t legitimate at all. some of the reviews says that these games “saved their marriage” and “cured depression” which they go into a 500-word essay on why that is. AP Mustard So just to be clear, your official position is that software doesn’t have the power to help treat mental illness and improve interpersonal relationships? komocode My official position is: A free sniper game on the App Store that has more than a quarter million of 4-5 star written reviews that averages 250-500 words which discusses how it can cure mental illness and improve marriages and that are written by authors with gibberish names such as “Hhdyhstshcjbotex” is likely to have illegitimate/paid reviews. AP Mustard Sniping apps are very effective among people who don’t have time to come up with a username. komocode if you think these are legitimate reviews, then you need to do some research. tomclarke I know dozens of marriages that have been saved by sniping games. Dozens. Donkey This is all rather intriguing. The narrative when the story broke was that Apple had “just gone and done” this, with no warning or contact to/with the developer. Didn’t the developer even say that specifically? How on earth did they think the truth would not come to light? codedungeon Well, I don’t think Apple would speak out defending themselves if they didn’t have proof from their end. My feeling is the developer didn’t share the whole story Donkey Absolutely agree (edited my original post to make a bit more sense). 😊 rick gregory https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story Listen to the call. Donkey Wow. Bill_the_binman The Apple representative seems very reasonable. Clearly trying to be helpful. Rory Griffin Apple’s lack of contacting the ORIGINAL account (not the one that was linked, the fake account, which they did contact) is proof that Apple did act wrongly. Sharonmbetts4 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj424d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj424d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash424MarketEcoGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj424d:…….,……. Pete Austin There were two developers that Apple treated as linked. They never warned the “good” guy who wrote Dash, only the other one. Read the details here: http://daringfireball.net/2016/10/apple_dash_controversy Rory Griffin According to the conversation here: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story We can listen to the phone call and we discover the ORIGINAL account was NEVER contacted, while the supposed “linked account” was. They didn’t contact the guy IN QUESTION, but someone else. IE: if someone did something in YOUR NAME, Apple can clearly contact that person who used your name, and shut down your account without any warning. They obviously don’t want to fix fraud, they want to squash developers who have better tools than they. Otherwise they would have contacted BOTH accounts. Donkey With you right up until the “obviously” part. That’s a huge leap from actual facts that show Apple made a mistake here, to a wild conspiracy about Apple’s motives. Chip Warden What proof? It’s still an “Apple says; Kapeli says” problem as far as I can tell. Pseudo Strabismus I sure hope we do NOT get into an environment where Apple trashes a developer, even a suspect one, in the press. Dash/Kapeli could easily enough release Apple from any liability by asking them to show the “evidence” against him—maybe IPs on reviews or similar?—but even then I’d hope this could be resolved in a way that devs don’t fear a powerful Apple slandering them. freediverx Apple didn’t bring this to the public. The developer did, while lying about the reason and shaming Apple. He got what he deserved. GD Check with the origin this is not a “he got what he deserved”. The developer gave old hardware to a relative and taught them how to develop apps. The cousin turned around and used the devices in what apple deemed a malicious manner. BUT apple only contacted the malicious account holder NOT the account which they also terminated which they incessantly repeated that was “linked” to it. Apple is slightly at fault for not contacting all parties which were involved. Joost Dikker Hupkes I’m sure Apple made contact via information provided by the developer. It is his responsibility to ensure this info is correct. Even if he ‘gave’ his hardware to a relative and allowed him/her to use the developer account, he is still responsible for actions taken by that account. Personally I think the cousin story sounds like a very convenient lie. (Sounds, I obviously don’t know) Tom_P So when “you” let someone else using “your” account, you don’t have to be responsible for it? Richard Flapper True, but even then, I mean, if you’ve helped your cousin with his setup and this cousin gets “spammed” by Apple for two years, I mean, don’t they talk to each other? I talk to random developers if I’m faced with a technical problem. If I have a cousin in the same business as mine, I would for sure talk to him once in a two year-span period. And if this cousin is spammed by Apple wouldn’t this cousin mention this at least once?? This whole story reeks a bit to “my dog ate my homework, Sir”. tccki Assuming Loop is being truthful, I’d say a multi-billion dollar company releasing a formal statement is about as much proof as one can reasonably expect. Chip Warden What formal statement? I see no link to a statement from Apple. tccki It’s in the article. mdelvecchio Apple has no obligation to publish the findings of their investigation. it also serves no purpose; if they know this guy was fraudulent then they took the correct action. they don’t need to convince people on blogs…and doing so may reveal how their fraud system works. i trust apple more than randoms. Chip Warden If they want developers and users to have faith in their App Store system, I believe they should be as transparent as possible in any system that can result in a developer being banned from continuing to support paid apps. John Brave in fraud detection systems you can never reveal all your secrets and still maintain the effectiveness of such a system. If Apple revealed how they detect the fraud, fraudsters would make sure to avoid every method. As someone who runs a site with customer reviews, I have a bunch of secret methods for detecting users with multiple accounts. Once I made the mistake of hinting to somebody about one of the methods and sure enough, they learned to not make that mistake. I could tell because that particular method didn’t work anymore on its own. Other methods revealed that this one was being avoided. So, such systems really rely on secrecy. Apple would be stupid to be ‘as transparent as possible’. freediverx Me thinks thou protest too much. Perhaps you’re also an ethically challenged app developer? GlennC777 Apple really has no incentive to lie. Quite the opposite, since this is a popular developer who brings App Store revenues. Chip Warden And they have lots of courage, too. Joost Dikker Hupkes Imagine what they could do with that courage… codedungeon I am sure Apple has proof. And speaking out publicly, it would be in their best interest to NOT lie. The fact that this story even got a response from Apple, leads me to believe Apple has proof Chip Warden How can they be possibly be caught in a lie? They control all the information supporting their position. I’m not saying it is not their right to run their App Stores any way they want; I’m just saying doing so is somewhat shady. Chip Warden I guess a recorded phone call would do it. Good for Kapeli. Richard Flapper What about the authenticity of the phone call? What if his cousin is the pretended Apple employee? I guess a recorded phone call is as good as no evidence in this case. Travis Romero Is it legal for him to record the call? Rory Griffin Are you seriously asking? I record calls all the time, of course it’s legal. If it weren’t, I’d be worried about something far worse than Apple making a mistake. Travis Romero California’s wiretapping law is a “two-party consent” law. It’s illegal to record a call unless both people agree. Rory Griffin It is always in everyone who is making money’s interest to not lie. Mistakes can be made. If your neighbor was pretending to be you at the election booth because they want their guy to win, do you thus get two votes, or only one? Is the other not you? If they contact your neighbor but not you, then YOU get punished, isn’t that wrong? Someone has done one over on Apple, and this guy is paying the price. Joshua Dance Great info, is there a source on this? Did Apple reach out to the Loop directly? foljs (…) Apple spokesperson, Tom Neumayr, said in a statement provided to The Loop on Monday. Patrick Barnes This isn’t proof. Anyone could do this to anyone else’s app and have it taken down. Proof is IPs and logs. mdelvecchio why would apple surrender such evidence to you? or me? we’re not involved. gcreedle Yes but if Apple were communicating with him for two years, he had plenty of opportunity to plead his case, or suggest who was doing this to him David Stewart This was always the most rational and likely situation. It is interesting that so many people, so many developers, were so willing to lay 100% of the blame at the feet of Apple. mdelvecchio as usual. everyone is an armchair executive these days. rience What about after this response: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story? David Stewart That lines up with what i would expect. This was the last step in a long process. Apple is now giving the Dash developer an easy way to get his account back. Seems appropriate to me. rience If only they didn’t accuse him in public first. Imagine if he didn’t have this recording. It’ll be his word against Apple. marcintosh Apple wasn’t first. We only know about this whole sordid tale because the dev posted it on his blog and a lot of other devs read his blog. Apple’s statement was a response because the dev put them in an awkward position. GlennC777 My presumption was always that Apple had its reasons. The developer’s story seemed fishy from the beginning. Glad to see Apple address the controversy directly. Dan Finlay So all you have to do to take an app off the app store is to hire a farm to give a lot of fake positive reviews? This seems like they’re opening a dangerous can of worms. Seph It sounded like that in the beginning, but now the facts are more clear: He created several accounts with the same personal info. Developer confirmed this. So you’d need to steal the target developers legal information such as credit card info, bank account info, name, address, email, etc. Mo Speaking as a user, if you’re a dev who’s hiring a review farm, I don’t want to see your app listed, no matter how good it is. flydrive I recommend reading the latest blog post on the developer’s account and listening to the 8 minute recording of the phone call he had with Apple. You can draw your own conclusions about whether or not he knew his relative, for whom he set up the account, was buying/faking reviews. It’s unfortunate that having ‘linked’ the two accounts, Apple didn’t contact him in the months leading up to shutting down both of them so he could do something about it. This is now not going to get resolved. Chip Warden So Apple lied about contacting Kapeli. Listen to the call: they admit it. David Stewart How would Apple have known the two accounts which shared financial information and devices where different people? Apple said it contacted the developer, which it did. Chip Warden If you’re going to cancel two accounts, it seems to me you’d contact both account holders. Apple did not, and admitted it on the recorded phone call. David Stewart I agree that going forward it would be prudent for Apple to do that. Matt Hickman Wow, what a great article that totally gave an objective view of what happened. https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story for the other side. A warning was sent to an account not in control of the developer, not to the developer himself. Apple definitely dropped the ball by not notifying the primary Dash developer account. Chip Warden Not just dropped the ball; they lied about contacting Kapeli. This reinforces that they need to be absolutely transparent when banning a developer from an App Store. Ian Davies Where was the lie? They didn’t even mention Kapeli by name in the statement. They simply refer to “the developer”. Going from the phone call, the Apple rep repeatedly made it very clear they didn’t think that Kapeli had done anything wrong, but he repeatedly stated the fact that Kapeli’s account was linked (perhaps “associated” is a better term) to an account involved in fraudulent activity. From Apple’s point of view they can’t mess about with this. From Kapeli’s point of view it was naïve, at the very least, for him to be so involved with a developer account that he wasn’t going to have any overview or seemingly even any regular contact with. Assuming the best of Kapeli, he was silly not to have de-registered the devices he gave away to this other developer, and he left himself open to exactly this type of situation. It seems to me that Apple offered him a reasonable way to regain his developer account without any loss of face, but he instead chose to act wounded. Mathias What on earth are you talking about? They said they contacted the developer. If both accounts shared the same device ID’s and CC, Apple had every reason to believe they had done so. I think Apple has done everything that can be reasonably expected, it’s not their fault that the twitter mob as usual jumps to conclusions and tries to paint Apple in the worst light possible. To me, the developer clearly screwed up. Not only that, he acts like a spoiled brat too. Chip Warden Two different email accounts. Two different developer accounts. They only contacted one (and admitted so on the recorded call). Mathias I admire your tenacity. You should read this. http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Will Senn Apparently, Apple’s version of the truth is anecdotal, Kapeli’s is recorded conversations, who do you believe: http://www.osnews.com/story/29435/Dash_dev_claims_innocence_posts_calls_with_Apple_as_proof David Stewart The truth seems pretty clear. The developer was using an account that was linked to another account, even using the financial information, and that account was engaging in fraudulent activity. Apple followed their fraud mitigation processes and finally got to the step of closing the fraudulent account and all associated accounts. They have provided the developer a way to be reinstated if he wishes. Will Senn Meanwhile, users of a very popular piece of software suffer while Apple insists on selectively applying their policy and not providing a simple resolution when presented with the problem. It looks like they at least recognize that this isn’t some fly by night app, but how blogging in response, rather than working with the developer to fix the underlying misunderstanding is a mystery. David Stewart How is Apple selectively applying their policy? It seems the problem here is exactly the opposite, they applied their policy blindly, without deferring to this developer because his app is popular. They obviously are working with this developer, as the developer’s own phone recording demonstrates. Fahim Farook How is asking the developer to say that he was in the fault so that Apple looks good a solution? Apple screwed up. It appears clear that the linked account was the one which was notified about the fraudulent activity. The Dash developer does not appear to have known about any of this till Apple took down his account. Now Apple wants him to admit that he was in the wrong and then they’ll “magnanimously” restore his account? Looks like a clear case of Apple not wanting bad PR. How does Apple consider accounts as linked? Is a credit card number enough to link accounts even if the account details are different on two accounts? That would be one of the crucial points here. Also, how come Apple is not taking down accounts with large downloads which clearly have fake reviews? What is their rationale there? This just feels like a PR exercise on the part of Apple because their internal bureaucracy resulted in a screw up. David Stewart They are simply asking him to explain the situation. He was funding an account that was engaging in fraudulent activity. Whether you consider that wrong doing or not, that seems to be the reality. Apple is simply asking him to explain that given that he made this whole thing public. rience So the fact that they haven’t contacted him (on his developer account) before closing his account is ok? Ian Davies Apple contacted the developer account that was the source of the fraudulent behaviour (not Kapeli’s) and then closed down the other accounts related to that developer (including Kapeli’s). His mistake was allowing himself to be connected to an account that he had no control over and was paying no attention to. David Stewart I think in the future Apple probably will contact all related accounts. They didn’t have any way of knowing the two accounts were different people, though. rience Sure because not getting responses from the only account they’ve contacted is not enough to try another email account. It’s BCC field. Right after To. David Stewart I don’t think Apple wastes its time trying so hard to get in contact with fraudsters. Its far easier to simply shutter the fraudulent accounts. rience Understandable. But then – don’t say they’ve done it right. David Stewart You think they should coddle fraudsters? rience Not exactly but for starters they might consider not lying in official public statement few days after they know 100% what has happened. David Stewart I don’t see where Apple lied. They don’t seem to have known about this “relative.” rience Recorded conversation happened on Saturday. Public statement was on Monday. I think this pretty clear shows us that they knew. Another question is – did developer sent them draft version of blog post or not? If yes – why didn’t they wait with statement on Monday? David Stewart We have no way to know any of the facts as the only information we have is from interested parties. We also don’t know how who at Apple knows what about this case. From what Apple has said, there are at least two accounts tied to the Dash developer with fraudulent activity. Apple has given the developer a way to reinstate his account and he seems more interested in muddying Apple than getting his account back. Make of that what you will. rience You’re saying that ‘Apple has given’. And yes – recording confirms that. But look at sequence of events (that we know of) On Saturday – developer is talking with Apple about sending draft version of blog post to Apple. And Apple then says – that his developer account will be brought back. Then on Monday – Apple sends public statement saying that developer is fraudster. Note – they didn’t say what they’ve heard from developer. Just simply they said – he had two accounts. Without even saying that only one of them was involved in such activity. Only after that – developer decides to respond to those accusations. So it doesn’t look as ‘muddying’ for me. David Stewart The developer says he sent a blog post draft to Apple, but if he is willing to post the call why not the draft? He did post again this morning essentially trying to rile up customers against Apple. rience I don’t know why he didn’t post this ‘draft post’. Maybe he didn’t. What is certain is that Apple on Monday accused him of bad behaviour. I didn’t know about his post from this morning so I looked it up. I don’t know where you find this information that is is trying to rile up customers against Apple 1) He said – show me receipt and I’ll send you license for Mac version. 2) He said – he can’t distribute iOS version so he is looking for fellow developers to put that under their account (as free app!) The only (slightly) aggressive statement he made was: “Due to Dash’s removal from the App Store, please note that you can no longer download the apps you paid for.”. Which is true. David Stewart He has since linked to his draft blog post, which is good. The post today he puts “you can no longer download the apps you paid for” in bold, which, to me, indicated an attempt to build up animosity (as any affected user would already know this). I would imagine some further communication with Apple likely prompted this posting. rience You’re right. He said that he send draft of blog post to Apple aproximately 30 min after conversation. So if that’s true – then it shows Apple in even worse light. Because now 1) He gets call on Saturday. He is proposed a solution to a problem. 2) He agrees to solution – sends draft blog post to Apple 3) On Monday he is waking up to public accusation of bad behaviour. Michael Utech David, that’s exactly the spirit of our age. You also don’t waste time in Guantanamo. Your assumption is that Apple has the quality of the Pope with a direct connection to an omnipotent information source. You are right, it is easier to do what you want instead of following a fair procedure. But as much as it’s easy, it is – or at least should be – illegal. Assumption is not enough to destroy somebodies business. David Stewart Apple did follow what I would consider a fair procedure. They contacted the fraudulent account numerous times over the course of a couple of years, finally terminating the account when they got no response. The Dash account was caught up in this, which is unfortunate, but Apple has been working with the developer to get his main account reinstated. I’m not sure how it could get much more fair. Apple has to deal with large volumes of fraud, so they are not going to be absolutely perfect. Michael Utech If both accounts trace back to one person, meaning if Bogdan is the owner of both accounts, then I would agree with you. But the phone recording clearly contradicts this position and I have a hard time to believe that this is forged. Reasonable procedure is – must be, since we are talking about money and reputation, pretty much the same as any court. You have to consider the facts, not assumptions or appearances and then decide based on that. That is proper procedure. Apple has to deal with large volumes of fraud, but also with large volumes or revenue and large pay checks. That should really not be an issue. If they can do it right, they shouldn’t do it. That’s the essence of Apple projected self image. Or at least it was. David Stewart Both accounts did trace back to the same person. He created both accounts, paid for both accounts, allowed both accounts to use the same devices, same identifiers, and user information. We don’t know what the contact information for the other account was, but these were both his accounts. If he allowed someone to use his account to commit fraud then that’s at least partially on him. I think the facts of the case bear that out. Michael Utech If there are two entities (people or companies) involved, then each is responsible for their own actions. Now if one person committed fraud as outlined by Apple, then this person’s account should of course be shut down, nothing to criticise about that. If another person (Bogdan) gave the former his CC data to create an account and gave him his old devices for testing, then this might or might not by itself be enough reason to terminate an account. But Apple should contact Bogdan and tell him that if you do that (CC & devices) your account will be terminated for that reason. They did not contact him and it also does not seem to be a reason for account termination if you do what Bogdan admitted to have done. If Bogdan gave his support in order to enable the other guy to do what he did, then of course this is also a good reason for an account termination, but I did not see any information that this is the case. On the other hand, if Apple knows that there is only one person, then everything they did is ok. But from all we know (especially from phone recording) this is not the case. I did not see any evidence yet that contradicts Bogdans story. If Apple has no proof that Bogdan is the fraudster or is knowingly cooperating in fraud then the account termination based on fraud is not justifiable. They can of course terminate his account for any other reason they find, for example publishing the phone call recording could be such reason, but that’s not what happened. Do you see my point? David Stewart Evidence suggests Bogdan is the person behind both accounts: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Michael Utech Thanks for the link. That info certainly is changing the appearance. If Apple had these or similar information available their reaction would have been adequate. What I don’t understand is why they would not have mentioned it (as they mentioned the CC & devices). It would have strengthened their position a lot and would have prevented a lot of people – including me – from critizising their procedure. Michael Utech They did not (at least not in public), basically because there are two accounts and according to Bodgan two people behind these accounts. There are also two contracts and each has to be terminated seperately. After working out … they reversed their position and got back to blaming Bogdan for both accounts. Not fair. Apple does not only have a large volume of fraud, they also have a large volume of revenue and a large number of employees. That’s really no valid argument. I am not expecting anybody to be perfect. If there was a mistake, it would be easy to correct it (reinstantiate the account if (and only if) Bodgan is not guilty for what he was blamed for and apologising – which would be in order if so). But that did not happen. One more thing: as long as Bogdan’s story is not contradicted by facts, we should not contribute in destructing his reputation. There is a reason why in every modern constitution people are protected from being treated guilty before the guilt is proven. David Stewart Look at this: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 It looks like there is a lot of evidence that Bogdan is actually the person behind both accounts. Michael Utech Try to get a developer account. Then you will change your mind about that, knowing that Apple very well knows your identity before allowing you to publish to the app store. David Stewart I have a developer account… From what we know the accounts created shared most of the same information, including bundle IDs, financial information and possibly even user information. Michael Utech When I got my DUNS ID, it was a major endeavour. I don’t believe you get two ID for the same company/person and also not two accounts for the same ID. But even if I would be wrong here (not sure you really need DUNS as an indie dev since I have a small company), in any case, Apple should have contacted Bogdan before terminating the account, if only to give him a chance to present his case. If they had enough time to keep the fraudulent account in store for two years, a couple of days would not really have had a huge impact. And last not least, the recorded phone call shows that Apple is now well aware of the two identities and still not willing to resolve the issue. Far from it, they fall back to their initial position. If they have evidence showing that Bogdan is in deed responsible and thus lying and they don’t want to reveal it to the public (f.e. to protect their investigators techniques) they could just say that and offer to resolve the case in court. Thing is, we all don’t know the facts and can only speculate. Thus we should at least consider the possibility that both parties are decent and truthy and not a priori condemn one side based only on the confidence in the more powerful institution. Apple employees are people, they make mistakes, and for some of them, their superiors just cover up if it’s less of a burden or otherwise opportune. I don’t know if that happened, but its just as likely as Bogdan creating one super popular high quality app, 24 trash apps, two accounts sharing the same CC and then earn money by writing bad reviews for some products and good ones for his trash apps. Just doesn’t sound like the kind of thing you do for a living when you are a good and rather successful programmer (he apparently is both). David Stewart Apple gave the developer a way to get his account reinstated… Michael Utech If you are referring to the phone call, then Bogdan send his draft (claims to have done) and the next thing we know happened was the statement of Apple on loop. They obviously changed their mind. Will Senn Did you even bother listening to the recording? As Thom Holwerda, of OSNews says: In the recorded phone call, Apple admits that they never notified him at all, despite Apple’s claims to the contrary. Then, they tried to coerce Popescu into publicly admitting wrongdoing – even though he did nothing wrong. After Popescu told Apple he was not going to do that, Apple tells him that he can tell the truth, but that Apple wants to approve the story before posting it. Popescu complies, sends in the story – and a few days later, Apple sends in its blogger army, by falsely accusing Popescu of manipulating App Store reviews. Ian Davies I think you mean… “Meanwhile, users of a very popular piece of software suffer while the developer insists on publicly bitching instead of taking a simple resolution when it was presented to him. It looks disingenuous at least to pretend that a developer account that he paid for and uses devices registered to him isn’t anything to do with him, but how blogging in response, rather than simply explaining the underlying misunderstanding is a mystery.” Will Senn On a further review of this it seems clear to me that Apple’s policy is about as developer unfriendly as it gets. If someone manages to link to your account via identity theft, they don’t even bother notifying you (by their own admission) that fraudulent activity is taking place on a “linked” account. They just notify the linked account, until it reaches a certain threshold, and then they kill the linked account and the developer account. In this case, the developer was involved in the linkage originally, but that needn’t have been the case. Either way, the developer is asked by Apple to “take the blame”. Meanwhile, Apple want’s to be sure that readers know that they have not “made a mistake”. Sheesh, Kapeli is reasonable in the tape, so is the Apple representative aside from his talking down to the developer as he tries to process this difficult information, but at the end of the day, they chose to not honor the agreement they made with him and put him through the ringer on the blogs rather than just terminating the linked account and going after that person while putting Kapeli on notice. Strong arm tactics of the worst sort coming from a company that I have high regard for normally. Disappointing. David Stewart There is no evidence simple identity theft would end in this result. In this case the developer was paying for the fraudulent accounts and quite possibly was benefiting financially from the fraud. Blame Apple if you want, but you seem to be accepting everything the developer says at face value and distrusting everything Apple says. I’m not sure that’s the way to arrive at an objective opinion. Will Senn David, You sound like an Apple Troll. Seriously, simple identity theft? What is that? If someone links to your account using your credit card information, how is that different than what happened to the developer hear. I don’t take anyone at face value, however, we have access to the recorded call between the developer and an Apple support rep as evidence. David Stewart It sounds like in this case it was a preponderance of evidence, credit card, possibly bank account, devices, IDs, etc. It would be easier for someone to hack your account than establish all those linkages. New evidence suggest that the developer is behind both accounts. freediverx And the scumbag developer had the gall to publicly complain and deny any wrongdoing. The Donald Trump of app developers. Jim Strathmeyer It seems to me Apple has given the developer every opportunity to change the behavior that started this whole mess. I don’t think we can ask any more from Apple in these types of situations. App Store fraud cannot be tolerated. It seems to me I know a really easy way to get an app removed from the app store. Competitors come to me first, or else it could be your store that is removed! Apple is given every opportunity to acknowledge their problems and fix them, but they always blame their troubles on others. Can’t complain when you end up in the crosshairs of a company whose entire business seems based upon fraud, like convincing everyone that a guy who died of a curable cancer was somehow a genius. marcintosh Not only did they give him the opportunity, they gave him explicit instructions of what to do. He even recorded Apple giving those instructions. Francisco Presencia In the interview and phone call you can clearly listen how Apple states that the warnings were given to the account of the person infringing the rules, NOT to the developer: https://blog.kapeli.com/dash-and-apple-my-side-of-the-story Which totally contradicts the statement quoted here. Richard Flapper Nonetheless, they are relatives and they engage in business with each other (even though it’s only by a shared/linked account and him giving hardware of his to his cousin). There’s absolutely no conversation with him and his cousin that remotely touches the subject of the cousin being “harassed” by Apple? I mean, if they were total strangers I would buy the story but as it stands now, this whole story sounds a bit fishy. Michael Utech If you, just for a moment, assume that Bodgan is not what Apple implied he was. If you are the one trying to earn easy money by pushing your apps in abusive ways, then you get into trouble with Apple. Would you tell the guy? Maybe. But I can just as well imagine that this guy wouldn’t want to admit what he’s doing, especially not if he’s doing it with his relative’s credit card. And even if Bogdan knew about it, that doesn’t mean that he is responsible for his relatives actions and certainly not that he is obliged (neither morally nor legally) to help Apple persecute the thing. It’s also (and quite obviously) not evident for Bogdan that their accounts are linked. David Stewart How would Apple have known the two accounts weren’t the same person? Michael Utech Try to get two DUNS identification numbers. Try harder. Then try to get two different credit cards. Then decide what was more effort and whether getting a DUNS ID is so much fun that you still want to go through it. Mathias No it doesn’t. If the two accounts share device ID’s and CC, Apple had every reason to believe that they had contacted “the developer”. To me, this is clearly on the developer. Plus, he’s acting like an entitled, spoiled brat. Michael Utech No, not every reason. They have two separate DUNS identification numbers. You can probably somehow forge that, but that would be a so much more substantial effort than not to use the same credit card. It’s reliable enough for Apple to let you create an account with which you can publish to the AppStore, a credit card is not sufficient. These DUNS ID’s verify that there are two separate legal entities with whom Apple has contracts. If they violate the terms and conditions, Apple terminates their contracts, maybe even asks for compensation. On the other hand, Apple did not even respect their own procedures enough to – for a moment – thing about the possibility that their assumptions about the respective identities are really valid. They simply don’t care. That sounds more like the spoiled brat kind of attitude you see on the other side. The question should be whether it’s objectively on the developer or on Apple, what everybody feels like about that is largely irrelevant if a persons and a companies reputations and revenues are at stake (whatever you value more). Pete Austin “What I’ve done: 3-4 years ago I helped a relative get started by paying for her Apple’s Developer Program Membership using my credit card. I also handed her test hardware that I no longer needed. From then on those accounts were linked in the eyes of Apple. Once that account was involved with review manipulation, my account was closed. I was not aware my account was linked to another until Apple contacted me Friday, 2 days after closing my account. I was never notified of any kind of wrongdoing before my account was terminated.” http://daringfireball.net/2016/10/apple_dash_controversy oliversl Well, there are more info and it seems Apple acted on an account, and not on a person. Maybe they wanted to use this case as an example or a warning. But that poor developer was hurt. michaelamie You guys arguing about “proof” are hilarious. Who gives a flying leap about “review fraud” when you are missing the big picture that this is the BS end game of these kinds of walled garden corporate ecosystems with draconian distribution policies. Personally, I don’t need Apple making all of these decisions for me. Fake reviews or not, I just like using this app. I don’t need 10,000 other people to tell me whether it sucks or not or to reaffirm my taste in smart phone applications. It’s almost like the old-skool shareware / demo-ware model is actually better than trusting random reviewers from shitty monolithic app stores run by mega-corporations. I guess the “social” “web 2.0” really does know best, doesn’t it? What would we ever do without canned, corporate-approved social interactions like review systems, likes, and retweet buttons. Don’t worry, I’m sure we will get plenty more useless “disruptive” social media and sharing economy apps designed by boring corporations that meet Apple’s standards. The anti-problem future is looking bright as ever, and I simply cannot wait to see what the Ivy-League techno-utopianists from the promised land of neo-liberal / late capitalist social-darwinism bring us next. Michael Utech This statement from Tom Neumayr insists on the assumption that there is one entity with two accounts who committed fraudulent behaviour. The evidence for this is the shared use of a credit card and devices. Evidence for the other side are two different DUNS identifications, which are sufficiently reliable to be accepted as proof of identity for Apple to create an account. Bogdan’s explanation regarding his relative sounds plausible. Much more plausible than Tom’s explanation, regarding “this developer” with two accounts. Why would one person go through the hassle to forge documents required for the DUNS registration and then use the same credit card for two accounts which would have a completely different purpose? Why would he create one quality app and 24 trash apps? That’s certainly possible but not at all plausible. Apple chose to communicate with one account over an extended period of time warning them about the abusive behaviour before closing both accounts, even though these are (from all I read) legally unrelated. The Apple employee in charge of the termination of the account is probably overworked and underpaid but proud to have an Apple on his t-shirt. It was probably obvious to them that the accounts are forged and they would rather close a ticket than to go through the unpleasant discussions following another verification call or mail. In most cases, this is probably adequate, however here it seems like the termination was not appropriate and if so, Bogdan suffered damages regarding his business and his reputation. I really don’t see how he would be responsible for his relatives behaviour (just assuming that neither Apple nor the Developer plainly lied, because statements from both sides are plausible, much more than one side lying in this scenario). With great power comes – contrary to Hollywood – not great responsibility, but rather a comfortable feeling of who cares for the consequences of my decision if somebody else has to suffer them. I find this article has a rather propagandistic smell to it. Michael Utech Propagandistic because: – “Apple responds … with proof” – No, it’s just a statement. Proof has to be verifiable, everything that’s given in this article lacks this feature. – “Apple has given the developer every opportunity” – No. This would be true only as long as you presume that Bogdan was responsible for the “whole mess”. – “the behavior that started this whole mess” which is what you expressively do. But presumptions are neither valuable proof nor any basis on which you rightfully can terminate someone’s business or attempt to destroy a persons reputation by claiming that they are responsible for abusive behaviour. “App Store fraud cannot be tolerated” – I am certain that nobody, except for those committing it want fraud to be tolerated. But that is not what the vast majority of people arguing for Bogdan have in mind. This cheap shots are just insulting… nht Given that folks have found evidence that he wrote those trash apps and then buried that past in a secondary account I’m guessing that Apple figured it out as well. The terse statement that Apple wanted was in his best interest and avoided any admission of guilt. It had the beauty of sounding like it was a statement by a lawyer and less likely make folks go digging into his past. Attempting to spin this dubious story of being such a great fella gifting an account to a relative in his blog draft was probably the final straw for Apple. It’s seems clear from the waybackmachine that he wrote moveAddict, iGuard and Dash as they were promoted on his website as his products. Michael Utech “Given that folks have found evidence..” – I do not know anything about anybody (who is folks?) who found such evidence. If Bogdan is in deed the same guy responsible for Dash and the fraud discovered by Apple, then of course he is to blame. If Apple knew that all along and just was nice enough to pretend (to Bogdan on the phone) that they don’t know about it, then their public communication is misleading (to their own disadvantage), because that exact detail would make all the difference. If on the other hand Apple did not have clues other than the CC and devices that were mentioned by now, this does not contradict Bogdan’s explanation and would not justify a shutdown of his account (at least in my opinion, I’m not a lawyer). Especially the cold break after the phone call leading to the statement published here is not understandable and without other information does not shed a good light on Apples procedures. I did not read anything about this evidence yet. Can you give me a reference so that we can remove a few “if’s and would’s” from this discussion? nht http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 Michael Utech With that information available it becomes really hard to take sides with Bogdan. It is excessively silly of Bogdan to have published these blog/twitter posts given that he is at least much more involved in the other accounts than just having provided a payment method and test devices. Even if he wasn’t involved in fraud, which is increasingly difficult to believe, telling only part of his involvement and covering up the rest if it’s so easy to reveal the information is really embarassing. This turn of events really surprised me. Recalling the phone conversation, I have to admit that Apple behaved much more constructively than I would have in such a situation (assuming that Apple had similar information available). I just don’t understand why they didn’t reveal the information as they revealed the link via CC and devices. nht High road I guess. Also, it is possible he sold/gifted all his old apps to his cousin but it’s somewhat obvious that a) he doesn’t mention this and b) it would be much harder for him to deny all knowledge or any responsibility as he tried to do in his postings. The credit card information is tangible and indisputable. I guess if they kept ip logs from uploads that would be hard proof as well. Then again I suspect we would hear “my cousin shares my wifi”. He really should have gone with “yeah, I’ll write exactly what you want, thanks for working with me”. As the author of some sketchy apps his credibility was kinda questionable to begin with. Which is probably why he tried to hide that. Michael Utech Well this information actually turned my position upside down. As it appears now, Apple was much more constructive and good intentioned than I would have expected from any company. Now, whether or not there are two people involved, whether or not he passed over his products to his relative, the sole fact that he was trying to hide his much deeper involvement in the other account removes all credibility for his position and statements. Andrew Lee This seems pretty convincing: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-1-000-fraudulent-reviews-were-detected-across-two-accounts-owned-by-dash-developer-update-developer-responds.2005850/page-12#post-23708918 nht Yeah, I was going to repost that too. Nice sleuthing on the wayback machine. Looks like he doubled down and bet against the internet finding out his past with the usual results. Gushi Why was the fact that Steam recently did the same thing not mentioned in this Article? michaelamie I’m using ReiserFS right now and it kicks ass. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Thanks to Daylite, the business productivity app for Mac & iOS, for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day of Veterans Day Parade at Fisherman’s Wharf draws thousands Leon Russell, producer and performer of major rock hits, dies Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Cal’s Webb takes blame for loss as short-handed defense Warriors’ Steve Kerr impressed by Clippers Warriors game day: Can Golden State outrun Suns? Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal Facebook’s domination of social media continues Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case The latest from Dear Abby Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Broadway tour’s fresh take on Maria in ‘Music’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens next week in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Bay Area breweries with the best thirst-quenching tours Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Anderson Marsh: 1 state park preserves 3 histories One day, one place: Lake County’s Kelseyville Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Walk-through: Contemporary Victorian in Cole Valley Escape to the Cape without leaving SF with this sunny, shingled Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Samsung-halts-Galaxy-Note7-production-9960870.php Samsung halts Galaxy Note7 production New York Times Updated 3:23 pm, Monday, October 10, 2016 Apple shares were rising Monday following reports rival smartphone maker Samsung was temporarily halting the production of its popular Galaxy Note 7 phone due to multiple reports of the phone's battery spontaneously exploding. Video provided by TheStreet Media: TheStreet SEOUL — When Samsung Electronics introduced its sleek, high-end Galaxy Note7 smartphone in August, one of its senior executives called it “the most intelligent smartphone that we have ever created.” Today, that model — which the South Korean electronics giant was counting on to help it close the gap with Apple, its biggest rival — looks more like an expensive problem that will not go away. Samsung has temporarily halted production of the Galaxy Note7, a person familiar with the decision said on Monday, amid reports that a number of the devices had caught fire. The decision comes just five weeks after Samsung said it would recall 2.5 million Galaxy Note7 phones following reports of battery fires, suggesting that it has not been able to fix the problem. Photo: STR, AFP/Getty Images Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Samsung has temporarily halted production of the Galaxy Note7 amid reports of lingering battery problems. Samsung has temporarily halted production of the Galaxy Note7 amid reports of lingering battery problems. Photo: STR, AFP/Getty Images Image 2 of 4 OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 15: Several Samsung Galaxy Note 7's lay on a counter in plastic bags after they were returned to a Best Buy on September 15, 2016 in Orem, Utah. The Consumer Safety Commission announced today a safety recall on Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after users reported that some of the devices caught fire when charging. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images) less OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 15: Several Samsung Galaxy Note 7's lay on a counter in plastic bags after they were returned to a Best Buy on September 15, 2016 in Orem, Utah. The Consumer Safety Commission announced ... more Photo: George Frey, Getty Images Image 3 of 4 A visitor tries out a Samsung Electronics Galaxy Note 7 smartphone at the company's shop in Seoul in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. Samsung Electronics has temporarily halted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported Monday, following reports that replacements for the fire-prone phones were also overheating. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) less A visitor tries out a Samsung Electronics Galaxy Note 7 smartphone at the company's shop in Seoul in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. Samsung Electronics has temporarily halted production of its ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon, Associated Press Image 4 of 4 High school students try out Samsung Electronics Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Monday at the company’s shop in Seoul in Seoul, South Korea. Samsung is halting sales of the star-crossed smartphone after a spate of fires involving replacement models. less High school students try out Samsung Electronics Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Monday at the company’s shop in Seoul in Seoul, South Korea. Samsung is halting sales of the star-crossed smartphone after a spate of ... more Photo: Ahn Young-joon /Associated Press Samsung halts Galaxy Note7 production 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Samsung had initially said that the problem was solved, after allowing consumers to trade in their phones for new ones. But production was halted after telecommunications companies in the United States and Australia said they would not offer the Galaxy Note7 following reports of fires involving new phones in which the problem was supposedly fixed. ALSO Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal In a disclosure to the South Korean stock exchange later Monday, Samsung said it is “temporarily adjusting the Galaxy Note7 production schedule in order to take further steps to ensure quality and safety matters.” It said it hopes to provide an update within a month. Samsung made the decision to halt production for consumer safety reasons and in cooperation with the authorities in the United States and China, according to the person familiar with the process. The problems call into question Samsung’s campaign to catch up with Apple. While Samsung is the world’s largest smartphone company by market share, Apple has a strong hold on the expensive end of the market with the iPhone. Samsung is also grappling with problems on another front. Last week, a large U.S. hedge fund, Elliott Management, called for the company to overhaul its structure, putting pressure on Samsung’s leaders to justify their actions. Samsung had been regaining some ground in the high-end market recently with its latest Galaxy phones, which feature curved edges and offer a more premium feel than its budget phones. The Galaxy Note7 — with its 5.7-inch screen and a price tag exceeding $800 for a phone not tied to a specific carrier — was supposed to add to that momentum. When the company announced the recall last month, it identified “a battery cell issue” and said it had stopped using batteries from that supplier, which it did not identify by name. But the recurring problem led industry experts to wonder whether the problem went beyond sloppy production and resulted from a faulty battery or software design. The Galaxy Note7 boasted a higher-capacity battery to help its sophisticated features, like an iris scanner for added security. It also supported fast and wireless charging technologies. Samsung is by far South Korea’s largest and most profitable company, and its smartphones have been one of its main sources of revenue in recent years. The crisis threatens to undermine the brand name the company has taken decades to build. Last week, Pak Yu-ak, an analyst at Kiwoom Securities Co. in Seoul, the capital, estimated that the initial recall was the prime reason for a nearly 40 percent drop in operating profit for Samsung’s IT and mobile device division in the third quarter compared with the second quarter, though he predicted a fourth-quarter rebound. But that was before major telecom companies began saying they would stop offering the Galaxy Note7. Lee Se-cheol, an analyst at NH Investment & Securities in Seoul, said that if the sales of the Samsung model were to be suspended for the fourth quarter, it would cost $630 million in lost revenue, making the company more dependent on its semiconductor business for profit. Samsung initially won plaudits for the scale of its Sept. 2 recall, the largest ever in the smartphone industry. But the recall has been plagued with problems, including communications issues between Samsung executives and safety officials in the United States. Last week, a Southwest Airlines flight from Louisville, Ky., was evacuated after a Galaxy Note7 began smoking inside the plane. The owner and his family told the news media that the phone was a replacement model. Samsung said it would investigate the incident. On Sunday, AT&T said it would stop selling or replacing Galaxy Note7 smartphones because of reports of fires. The other three major carriers and Best Buy quickly followed suit. SK Telecom and other South Korean mobile carriers have not taken similar steps yet, saying that they are closely monitoring the situation. Three of Australia’s biggest telecom companies — Telstra, Optus and Vodafone Australia — said they had stopped shipping Galaxy Note7 phones to customers after reports that the replacement model had caught fire in the United States. “We have asked Samsung to provide us with an update on their investigations as a matter of priority and will update our customers as soon as we learn more,” said Steve Carey, a spokesman at Telstra, Australia’s largest carrier. There have been no reported fires in the handsets sold in Australia, Carey said. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS IN BAY AREA Crowds shut down parts of Market Street Peaceful Trump protesters form human chain around Lake Merritt Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm Trump protesters Latest News Warriors rally late to beat Suns UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Here comes supermoon! Closest in nearly 69 years Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Parolee leads Sonoma County officers in vehicle pursuit Trump tells supporters to stop harassment Trump names alt-right media owner to senior White House role Trump plans to deport up to 3 million ‘criminal’ immigrants Donald Trump spars with New York Times (again) 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers RB Hyde returns from injury Biden memes on Trump give America much-needed laugh Chappelle and Rock give hilarious take on election night 12 movies worth seeing this holiday season Worth seeing at the movies, Nov. 11 Today's Gate Features Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands The lowest-paying college majors Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Your pearly whites will glow with this high-tech electric... Enjoy the taste of summer year round with this smokeless... Most Popular 1 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 2 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 3 Peaceful, positive demonstrations against Trump in SF, Oakland 4 Confederate flags shock viewers at Petaluma Veterans Day parade 5 Trump Plans to Deport or Jail Up to 3 Million ‘Criminal’... 6 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 7 Forget Canada, Air New Zealand is offering election-sick... 8 Kellyanne Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm anti-Trump... 9 Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. 10 ‘SNL': Watch Kate McKinnon Sing Leonard Cohen’s... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 #1337, 12 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.7 Fantastical 2.3 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.6 VMware Fusion 8.5.1 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.6 Final Cut Pro X 10.3, Compressor 4.3, Motion 5.3     Related Articles ScanSnap Offers Fix Schedule for Sierra Compatibility (10 Oct 16) The New Math: How Sierra Calculates Free Space (10 Oct 16) Alton Brown’s Latest Cookbook Photos Shot with an iPhone (10 Oct 16) Apple Discontinues Third-Generation Apple TV (07 Oct 16)     Published in TidBITS 1341. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Using the Bedtime Timer in iOS 10 SRFax and Other Internet Faxing Alternatives to MaxEmail An iPhone and Apple Watch Dock Living in a Material World Instagram Has Apple (Including Mac) Appeal TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 10 October 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Email | 10 Oct 2016 | Print  ExtraBITS for 10 October 2016 by TidBITS Staff In ExtraBITS this week, Fujitsu has published an initial schedule for addressing the ScanSnap problems in Sierra, Jason Snell explains how Sierra calculates free space differently, “Good Eats” host Alton Brown’s new cookbook uses only iPhone photography, and Apple has officially discontinued the third-generation Apple TV. ScanSnap Offers Fix Schedule for Sierra Compatibility -- Fujitsu has published a schedule for addressing problems with its ScanSnap software running in macOS 10.12 Sierra. A fix for scanning using ScanSnap models iX500, iX100, SV600, S1300i, and S1100i in Sierra became available on 6 October 2016, and the company promises an additional update on 17 October 2016 for ScanSnap models S1500, S1500M, S1300, and S1100. The ScanSnap Evernote Edition will receive an update by the end of October. Still to come, and with no estimated release date, are fixes for older PDF content created by ScanSnap scanners so those PDFs can be modified in Sierra. In the meantime, if you’re using Sierra, work on copies of older scanned PDFs and keep good backups. Read/post comments The New Math: How Sierra Calculates Free Space -- Over at Six Colors, Jason Snell reveals that macOS 10.12 Sierra calculates free space on your drive differently than in the past. Along with drive space that doesn’t contain any data, Sierra now includes in the calculation “purgeable space,” which holds data that can be deleted from your drive because Sierra can redownload it if necessary. This purgeable data includes stuff like files stored in iCloud, certain large fonts, and unused dictionaries, along with purchased video content from the iTunes Store and photos and videos you have in iCloud Photo Library (those last two require you to have enabled the appropriate settings in iTunes and Photos). Keep this in mind, or you could get confused when trying to determine how much space you have left on your drive! Read/post comments Alton Brown’s Latest Cookbook Photos Shot with an iPhone -- Cookbooks often feature elaborately staged food photography designed to make the recipes seem as compelling as possible, which is why it’s notable that the photos in Alton Brown’s latest cookbook were shot with an iPhone 6s Plus. The “Good Eats” host’s latest project is EveryDayCook, a cookbook featuring recipes he regularly prepares for himself. In the preface, Brown explained that all the photography for the book was shot with an iPhone because he’s “a bit of a control freak.” Aren’t we all? Read/post comments Apple Discontinues Third-Generation Apple TV -- In a move that should surprise no one, Apple has discontinued the third-generation Apple TV. Apple has been phasing out the four-year-old streaming device for months, and it has been a long time since Apple updated its pre-tvOS software. You may still be able to buy a refurbished third-generation Apple TV, but with no future support planned, we can’t recommend it. Those looking for a streaming video box should instead look at the fourth-generation Apple TV or a streaming video device from Amazon or Roku. We hope Apple will reduce the price of the fourth-generation Apple TV to make up for the loss of the $69 older model and get it into more homes. Read/post comments   PDFpen is your Swiss Army knife for PDFs. Slice and dice with tools for reviewing, editing, signing, redacting, and exporting to Word. With v.8 use digital signatures, and view file & audio attachments. Solve your PDF dilemmas, try PDFpen. <http://smle.us/pdfpen8-tb>    Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Staff TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 10, 2016 The Associated Press   ___ For showing how contracts work best, 2 economists win Nobel Let insiders easily cash in stock options, as Enron did, and you risk seeing executives abandon a failing company. Encourage contractors to sacrifice quality to cut costs and you might cause problems like those that led the U.S. Justice Department to phase out privately run prisons. Designing contracts is a tricky business. For their groundbreaking work on how to make contracts fairer and more effective, Oliver Hart of Harvard University and Bengt Holmstrom of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology won the 2016 Nobel prize for economics Monday. They will share the 8 million kronor ($930,000) award for their contributions to contract theory. ___ Yonhap says Samsung temporarily halted Galaxy Note 7 output SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Samsung Electronics has temporarily halted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, South Korea’s Yonhap news agency reported Monday, following reports that replacements for the fire-prone phones were also overheating. Citing an unnamed official at a Samsung supplier, Yonhap said the tech giant took the unprecedented measure for the sake of consumer safety. The move follows decisions by U.S. phone retailers AT&T and T-Mobile to stop giving new Note 7 smartphones to consumers to replace older models while investigations of the replacement devices are underway. ___ US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia’s government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple’s iPhone. ___ Donald Trump: ‘No reason’ for Taj Mahal casino shutdown ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — Donald Trump built the Taj Mahal casino and now his friend and fellow billionaire Carl Icahn has closed it, making it the fifth casualty of Atlantic City’s casino crisis. The Taj Mahal shuttered its doors Monday amid a strike by union members that lasted over 100 days. Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union went on strike after it could not agree with Icahn on a new contract to restore health insurance and pension benefits that were terminated two years ago in bankruptcy court. Icahn decided to close the casino, saying it lacked a “path to profitability.” ___ Bayer: Won’t use Monsanto buy to force GM seeds on Europeans BERLIN (AP) — The CEO of Germany’s Bayer AG is promising it won’t use its planned acquisition of Monsanto Co. to force genetically modified crops on skeptical Europeans. Monsanto in September accepted an offer from Bayer to pay $57 billion to its shareholders and assume $9 billion in debt. The combination would create a global agricultural and chemical giant — and bring Bayer together with a leading producer of genetically modified seeds that are engineered to resist drought, among other things, but viewed with deep suspicion in Europe. ___ Facebook launches ‘Workplace’ a business version of Facebook NEW YORK (AP) — You probably already use Facebook at work. Now, Facebook is creating a separate version aimed at helping you do actual work instead of catching up on baby photos and campaign chatter. Facebook is launching a communications tool on Monday for businesses, nonprofits and other organizations. Called Workplace, the platform is ad-free and not connected to users’ existing Facebook accounts. Instead, businesses sign up as an organization and pay a monthly fee based on the number of users. It’s free for nonprofits and educational institutions. ___ Amid breach talk, some Yahoo users finding it hard to exit LONDON (AP) — As Yahoo’s embattled email service suffers through a slew of bad news, some users are finding it hard to leave. Automatic email forwarding was disabled at the beginning of the month, several users told The Associated Press. While those who’ve set up forwarding in the past are unaffected, some who want to leave over recent hacking and surveillance revelations are struggling to switch to rival services. Yahoo Inc. declined to comment on the recent change beyond pointing to a three-line notice on Yahoo’s help site which says that that the company temporarily disabled the feature “while we work to improve it.” ___ China unveils plan to cut corporate debt with stock swaps BEIJING (AP) — Chinese authorities unveiled plans Monday to let companies give equity in themselves to banks to pay down soaring debt levels that economists warn might hamper the country’s already slowing growth. Companies that show “good prospects” will be allowed to negotiate swaps with lenders, the deputy chairman of the Cabinet planning agency, the National Development and Reform Commission, said at a news conference. China’s total debt is unusually high for a developing country at the equivalent of about 250 per cent of annual economic output. It surged after the 2008 global financial crisis as Beijing used infusions of credit to prop up economic growth. ___ Warren Buffett responds to Donald Trump’s tax comments OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Investor Warren Buffett says he’s never used the kind of tax deduction that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump did, and Buffett says he’s paid taxes every year for 72 years. Buffett sent out a statement Monday responding to Trump’s comments during Sunday’s debate when Trump confirmed using a $916 million loss in 1995 to avoid paying federal income taxes. Buffett also released details of his own taxes and reiterated his call for Trump to release his tax returns. Buffett is a longtime supporter of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gained 88.55 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 18,329.04. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index edged up 9.92 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite jumped 36.27 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 5,328.67. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 per cent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 per cent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas gained 8 cents, or 2.6 per cent, to $3.28 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Wall St gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes | Reuters - Firstpost NewsTracker Full coverage of the US Presidential Election 2016 Firstpost. Monday, November 14, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow Dummies' guide to the US presidential elections Front Page Politics Jayalalithaa releases first statement from hospital, says she has taken 'rebirth' Bihar: BJP gives suggestions on 'draconian' provisions of the liquor law Jayalalithaa claims to have taken rebirth, appeals to people to vote for AIADMK Demonetisation drive, ATM chaos: Finance Ministry increases cash withdrawal and exchange limits Narendra Modi in Goa full text: Once we get clean, we need not worry about even one corrupt mosquito Mulayam, Mayawati have lost sleep after demonetisation: Amit Shah in Uttar Pradesh Sports India vs England: Zaheer’s Candy Store™, Kohli Flowers™ and other possible Anglo-Indian trade deals India vs England: Visitors had the upper hand; draw comes a close second to victory World Cup Qualifiers: Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice in Portugal's win; Belgium crush Estonia 8-1 Ranji Trophy roundup: Anupam Sanklecha's heroics put Maharashtra in control, KL Rahul scores fifty on return ISL 2016: Ten-man Delhi Dynamos rally to eke out a point against Atletico de Kolkata New Zealand earthquake: Pakistan team shocked but safe after 'terrifying experience' India Demonetisation and ATM chaos: Is the execution failure worth the pain? Wait until 1 Jan Jayalalithaa releases first statement from hospital, says she has taken 'rebirth' Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry row escalates, both camps gear up for no-holds-barred fight Manohar Parrikar on NFU: Brouhaha over remarks is reminder of India's inability to think strategically Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law arrested on charges of theft, adultery Tata Sons criticism of independent directors 'unfortunate', says Mistry World Donald Trump firm on agenda but says US have nothing to fear from his presidency US President-elect Donald Trump names White House chief of staff, chief strategist New Zealand earthquake: Two dead following powerful tremor, tsunami warning issued Powerful earthquake shakes New Zealand, two killed | Reuters Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand | Reuters Pakistani PM welcomes first large Chinese shipment to Gwadar port | Reuters Business The new Rs 500 notes: What you need to know about the latest chapter of demonetisation Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry row escalates, both camps gear up for no-holds-barred fight Tata Sons criticism of independent directors 'unfortunate', says Mistry Demonetisation: Banks disburse Rs 30,000 crore cash, post withdrawal of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes Demonetisation: Truckers demand hike in withdrawal limit to Rs 20K for drivers Demonetisation: When chaos is artificial, it's tough to forgive, never mind intention Life Curbing stray dog menace: Animal welfare board's approach deeply flawed, unscientific and unsavoury My Sunset Marriage review: Hoshang Merchant's collected poems make for enjoyable reading Death of a town: As Shimla hurtles towards modernity, what it has lost remains undefinable A very pukka murder: Indian historical crime fiction has come of age, these sleuths prove The common man doesn’t enjoy work of art because of its price tag, but its meaning: Riyas Komu Patagonia's wintry wonderland; skiing at Bariloche: Travels through Argentina Entertainment Rock On 2: Bollywood music films are invariably about men being bad boys Rs 500, Rs 1,000 ban: Salman Khan salutes PM Modi’s move against black money Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories on Netflix serves up tales as delightful as Japanese cuisine The Ivory Game review: An epic documentary that goes undercover into the sinister underbelly of trafficking Tom Alter: As a language, people like Urdu and it is still very much alive in their hearts Bigg Boss 10 Weekend Ka Vaar, 12 November 2016: Salman Khan lashes out at 'celebrities' US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Wall St gains with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 11, 2016 02:45 IST #corrections   #editors-pick   #India   #reuters-info-channel   #Thomson Reuters   #twitter-follow   By Caroline Valetkevitch U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics' worsening smartphone recall crisis.Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton's lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump's campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple's (AAPL.O) stock jumped 1.7 percent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices."Samsung's woes being Apple's gains helped with that stock a lot," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don't know." Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria's oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers.The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 percent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 percent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 36.27 points, or 0.69 percent, to 5,328.67.The energy index .SPNY was up 1.5 percent. Exxon (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N) were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple.An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the recent lead she has held over Trump. Mylan (MYL.O) rose 8.2 percent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465 million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment.Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) shares ended down 11.5 percent but pared losses late after a Reuters report, citing people familiar with the matter, that Salesforce.com Inc (CRM.N) is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter.This week marks the start of the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which could help determine investors' moods going into the Nov. 8 vote. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa (AA.N) are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed.About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favoured advancers.The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 11, 2016 02:45 IST Related News Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand | Reuters Banks get $44 billion of old-currency notes in four days | Reuters India central bank says enough cash available as crowds throng banks | Reuters U.S. Box Office: 'Doctor Strange' stays on top With $43 million, 'Arrival' impresses | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE Australia Vs South Africa Live Score AUS vs SA | Nov 12th, 2016 Live Coverage AUS 0 1 0.4 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories ATM Chaos: When Narendra Modi's crackdown on black money made me feel like a criminal New High-security Rs 500 Notes Released for Distribution - News18 Demonetisation: Narendra Modi has taken a political gamble by annoying his core voter base Rs 500, Rs 1,000 ban: Anger grows as banks struggle to swap demonetised notes How to build a retirement portfolio using mutual funds - Moneycontrol India vs England: Virat Kohli steers hosts to draw after flurry of wickets Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA Live Now England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 225 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 14th, 2016, 12:30 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 12:30 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 12:30 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 12:30 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 12:30 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 12:30 PM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Powerful earthquake shakes New Zealand, two killed | Reuters Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand | Reuters Pakistani PM welcomes first large Chinese shipment to Gwadar port | Reuters Trump says 'certain areas' of border wall with Mexico could be fence | Reuters India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Business Highlights By Associated Press Published: 17:38 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 17:38 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail ___ For showing how contracts work best, 2 economists win Nobel Let insiders easily cash in stock options, as Enron did, and you risk seeing executives abandon a failing company. Encourage contractors to sacrifice quality to cut costs and you might cause problems like those that led the U.S. Justice Department to phase out privately run prisons. Designing contracts is a tricky business. For their groundbreaking work on how to make contracts fairer and more effective, Oliver Hart of Harvard University and Bengt Holmstrom of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology won the 2016 Nobel prize for economics Monday. They will share the 8 million kronor ($930,000) award for their contributions to contract theory. ___ Yonhap says Samsung temporarily halted Galaxy Note 7 output SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Samsung Electronics has temporarily halted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported Monday, following reports that replacements for the fire-prone phones were also overheating. Citing an unnamed official at a Samsung supplier, Yonhap said the tech giant took the unprecedented measure for the sake of consumer safety. The move follows decisions by U.S. phone retailers AT&T and T-Mobile to stop giving new Note 7 smartphones to consumers to replace older models while investigations of the replacement devices are underway. ___ US stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. ___ Donald Trump: 'No reason' for Taj Mahal casino shutdown ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — Donald Trump built the Taj Mahal casino and now his friend and fellow billionaire Carl Icahn has closed it, making it the fifth casualty of Atlantic City's casino crisis. The Taj Mahal shuttered its doors Monday amid a strike by union members that lasted over 100 days. Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union went on strike after it could not agree with Icahn on a new contract to restore health insurance and pension benefits that were terminated two years ago in bankruptcy court. Icahn decided to close the casino, saying it lacked a "path to profitability." ___ Bayer: Won't use Monsanto buy to force GM seeds on Europeans BERLIN (AP) — The CEO of Germany's Bayer AG is promising it won't use its planned acquisition of Monsanto Co. to force genetically modified crops on skeptical Europeans. Monsanto in September accepted an offer from Bayer to pay $57 billion to its shareholders and assume $9 billion in debt. The combination would create a global agricultural and chemical giant — and bring Bayer together with a leading producer of genetically modified seeds that are engineered to resist drought, among other things, but viewed with deep suspicion in Europe. ___ Facebook launches 'Workplace' a business version of Facebook NEW YORK (AP) — You probably already use Facebook at work. Now, Facebook is creating a separate version aimed at helping you do actual work instead of catching up on baby photos and campaign chatter. Facebook is launching a communications tool on Monday for businesses, nonprofits and other organizations. Called Workplace, the platform is ad-free and not connected to users' existing Facebook accounts. Instead, businesses sign up as an organization and pay a monthly fee based on the number of users. It's free for nonprofits and educational institutions. ___ Amid breach talk, some Yahoo users finding it hard to exit LONDON (AP) — As Yahoo's embattled email service suffers through a slew of bad news, some users are finding it hard to leave. Automatic email forwarding was disabled at the beginning of the month, several users told The Associated Press. While those who've set up forwarding in the past are unaffected, some who want to leave over recent hacking and surveillance revelations are struggling to switch to rival services. Yahoo Inc. declined to comment on the recent change beyond pointing to a three-line notice on Yahoo's help site which says that that the company temporarily disabled the feature "while we work to improve it." ___ China unveils plan to cut corporate debt with stock swaps BEIJING (AP) — Chinese authorities unveiled plans Monday to let companies give equity in themselves to banks to pay down soaring debt levels that economists warn might hamper the country's already slowing growth. Companies that show "good prospects" will be allowed to negotiate swaps with lenders, the deputy chairman of the Cabinet planning agency, the National Development and Reform Commission, said at a news conference. China's total debt is unusually high for a developing country at the equivalent of about 250 percent of annual economic output. It surged after the 2008 global financial crisis as Beijing used infusions of credit to prop up economic growth. ___ Warren Buffett responds to Donald Trump's tax comments OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Investor Warren Buffett says he's never used the kind of tax deduction that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump did, and Buffett says he's paid taxes every year for 72 years. Buffett sent out a statement Monday responding to Trump's comments during Sunday's debate when Trump confirmed using a $916 million loss in 1995 to avoid paying federal income taxes. Buffett also released details of his own taxes and reiterated his call for Trump to release his tax returns. Buffett is a longtime supporter of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gained 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The Standard & Poor's 500 index edged up 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite jumped 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas gained 8 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $3.28 per 1,000 cubic feet. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called State of the Film Industry: Amazon Prime, Netflix, piracy and technology-led disruption and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/state-film-industry-tackles-amazonnetflix-piracy-technology-led-disruption.html. Captcha Submit CLOSE Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Independent Film State of the Film Industry: Amazon Prime, Netflix, piracy and technology-led disruption Panel of film industry experts tackle biggest challenges facing filmmakers today at the Mill Valley Film Festival. By Clinton Stark - 10.10.2016 L to R: Mark Fishkin (MVFF executive director and founder), Paul Cohen (Florida State University), Ed Arentz (Music Box Films), Blye Faust (Rocklin | Faust), Amy Hobby (Tribeca Film Institute), Ruth Vitale (CreativeFuture). Stark Insider is a media sponsor of Mill Valley Film Festival (MVFF) 39. Don’t miss a thing. Get your iPad, iPhone, Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, VR headset, Android, self-driving car, or plain old web browser ready, and be sure to subscribe to the Stark Insider YouTube Channel for updates, news, and reviews. Plus interviews with host Loni Stark. One key takeaway from a panel at the Mill Valley Film Festival: the industry is in the midst of major disruption. Its future and how filmmakers navigate the new paradigm anchored by new platforms such as Amazon and Netflix remains hazy. Solutions? None are obvious, maybe they don’t even yet exist. It feels a bit like the music industry shakeup that Apple CEO Steve Jobs led with the advent of iTunes in 2001. The annual panel, “MVFF State of the Industry Conversation” is always informative. This year’s edition, hosted by Paul Cohen (Florida State U.), was no exception. Throngs headed to the Rafael Film Center to hear from some of the industry’s foremost experts in filmmaking, marketing and distribution talk about their business. A show of hands revealed, in my estimation, about half the room were themselves either filmmakers or aspiring filmmakers. I took some notes, and share some of the highlights below. Piracy was a big topic. Ruth Vitale (CEO, CreativeFuture) was particularly vocal about its negative consequences. One shocking case study she noted related to Dallas Buyers Club (for which Jared Leto won an Oscar). Jean-Marc Vallée’s 2013 film generated about 7 million theatrical ticket sales. But, it amassed some 21 million illegal downloads, or about three times more than the legal transactions. Cohen noted that “The end result needs to be that they [filmmakers] receive some form of remuneration for their work.” Or, as was mentioned several times, we may be stuck with cat videos (not that there’s anything wrong with that!). Copyright, related to the overall conversation of the criminal enterprise of piracy, was also a topic that received a fair amount of attention. Advice to filmmakers and distributors: protect your links. Ensure they expire. Control your content. Even as a small indie publisher I can understand, at a microscopic level, what copying and illegal use of original content can have on a business. For example, this weekend we published a short 20-second clip of a brief interview (featuring shaky Clintcam) we shot at the Mill Valley Film Festival. In it we speak with actress Stana Katic (who apparently has a massive cult-like following, and, it would seem, an impressive army of Twitter-bots). Just a short bit, nothing special on my account to be sure. It got decent reaction on social media: Just in! @Stana_Katic @AminMatalqa @RazaJeffrey at #TheRendezvous World Premiere! #MVFF39 #StanaKatic @MVFilmfest #love pic.twitter.com/avLpyOBRV9 — Stark Insider (@StarkInsider) October 9, 2016 And, before I knew it, someone had downloaded the video, translated it into Spanish, and posted it on to their own YouTube channel (they get the views, not us). They never asked for permission. But, at least they provided a service of translating it! And, at the end of the day, it was just a social bit of content, not a viral campaign or 90-minute film that took six years to make. It’s not something we’d monetize, and far and away from a feature film. Just a small example of how this new world of fluid content operates. I can only imagine how real films and filmmakers experience and deal with this on a grand scale. It is sad whenever an artist doesn’t get compensated for their painstaking work. In this example, though, I do like to see an indie film like The Rendezvous and director Amin Matalqa get as much exposure as possible. Quick aside related to YouTube: Ruth Vitale noted during the panel that there are 24 million take down notices (!) sent to YouTube (Google) every week. Another interesting part of the Industry Conversation happened when an audience member offered a counterpoint on piracy, suggesting that it’s “money left on the table”. The panel was not amused. My quick take overall is that when an industry — music (iTunes, Spotify), taxi (Uber, Lyft), travel (Airbnb), real estate (Zillow), classifieds (Craigslist), auto (self-driving cars) —  is disrupted by technology, the status quo ends. People who did business for years one way need to re-boot, re-tool and do it a new way. The flow of money changes. And it hurts a lot of people, initially. The shakeout takes time. Everyone re-positions, adjusts. But, eventually, things ultimately get better. It’s hard to say if that will play out for filmmakers. I hope, of course, it does. Kickstarter and crowd funding is a positive. So too is social media. Then there’s platforms like YouTube and Vimeo and Facebook that give up-and-comers great distribution platforms — mostly for free. It’s so true, there’s no such thing as a free lunch, and that you need to deal with both the good and bad that technology innovation delivers. Meanwhile, having produced Stark Insider videos for 10 years now, I do know that it’s way harder to get views today. People are busy. They’re playing Pokemon Go or Tweeting or Snapchatting. Not only that, back then, circa 2006, cat videos were the only game in town. Now, in 2016, everyone is on YouTube: POTUS, John Oliver, Jimmy Fallon, Jay Leno, YouTube stars, you name it. Attention spans are now spread across far more mediums. Standing out is increasingly a challenge. At the end of the day, I’m hoping the creative process grows stronger, and artists, somehow, can continue to make a living doing what they love. The world is a better place for it. MVFF RECAP: State of the Industry Conversation Note: this is my recap, not a verbatim transcript. Moderator: Paul Cohen, director of Torchlight program at Florida State Ed Arentz, managing partner of Music Box Films (GIRL WITH DRAGON TATTOO) Blye Faust, partner/co-founder Rocklin | Faux – produced SPOTLIGHT Amy Hobby, VP of artists programs at Tribeca Film Institute (PAINT IT BLACK – in MVFF39) Ruth Vitale, CEO CreativeFuture Mark Fishkin (founder MVFF) Intro Mill Valley Film Festival is about films that are made for adults — art and entertainment. Some of these films are what we might call diverse. Not just ethnicity. Sub-titles. Films without recognizable names. The films that we show here, and the films we grew up with, amazing dedication to the “art of filmmaking.” Paul Cohen Intro “What we do is to share our understanding of doing this everyday, and living through the state of chaos that is the business of movie production and distribution.” INSPIRATION  – What gets you up in the morning? Ed Arentz (EA): “The basic thing is the aesthetic pleasure we get watching and experience a film, and sharing it with others. That will continues regardless of device or format, and future scenarios.” Blye Faust (BF): “It’s been scary as we’ve seen the industry change, and the ability to release independent films. Netflix. Amazon. There’s a long way to go. At the same time it’s exciting to know there’s new options out there.” Amy Hobby (AB): “Who gets to tell our stories. Gender parity. More exclusive members of society telling stories. There’s been a lot of progress on that in the last few years.” Ruth Vitale (RV): “Sitting in a screening room or at a festival, and thinking if Fox Searchlight doesn’t steal this movie… I’m going to bring it to the marketplace! I’m going to help bring this movie to people and try to help this filmmaker. That used to get me up in the morning… now it’s piracy.” CHOOSING PROJECTS BF: “We only do projects inspired by true stories. We want to tell compelling stories, but we’re also in the business of entertaining. It might be something studios would have made 10-15 years ago. Is it Open Road? A24? Who’s slate does this project fit into?” AH: “Tangerine entertainment, we only work with women directors. Do we like the filmmaker? Do they have a vision? Is it someone we want to work with for two years. Maybe I’ll have a light bulb moment… this could play Cannes! Or this thing could hit a nerve a year from now, the timing feels right.” RV: “You love some movies. Then don’t have a clue what to do. If you can’t make a trailer, if you cant figure out the essence of the piece or the hook, don’t do it. With all the noise out there — digital media, YouTube — you have to be able to break through the clutter. So you better be sure you know what it is. PIRACY Jared Leto and Matthew McConaughey form an unlikely bond in Dallas Buyers Club. RV: “All time high. DALLAS BUYERS CLUB (MVFF interview), about $50 million worldwide, it sold 7 million tickets. There was 22 million illegal downloads. So three times as many transactions as theatrical sales. I gave that number out at Sundance. A producer said those 22 million illegal transactions are from “tastemakers”. I said I found your argument specious. Those people are directing people to illegal links, not to a proper way to buy the product. But, okay, let’s say 5% are legit, that’s about $3.5 million. For a film like DALLAS BUYERS CLUB that is essential. Those people need that money. Without creativity this plant would be a pathetic place. With advent of tech, somehow the value of what we do is diminished. Without what we do you have 24/7 cat videos. We love technology. We can bring our product to people faster and more efficiently. But without us you have shit. Half the people in the world think we shoot movies in our backyard with a flip mom. My mom says what do you do? Now she thinks I work with the FBI.” BF: “People worked for very little money (SPOTLIGHT). People were counting on the backend. Piracy comes right out of the filmmakers backend right away.” RV: “Piracy is a criminal enterprise. It’s a vertical for them that cost no money. They go into theaters. Shoot it with HD camera. AB: “The quality is terrible.” RV: “They don’t care. These kids are watching on their phones, maybe their iPads. Once legit version comes out, they swap it out..” RV: “Protect your links. And make sure your passwords expire.” PC: “It’s every film. Not some films.” DISTRIBUTION WINDOWS EA: “90 days theatrical. Then DVD. Transactional VOD (iTunes, Amazon). Output deal 60-90 days after VOD. We do occasionally do day and date.” AH: “I thing the 90-day thing is on the way out. With Amazon, instant release.” AH: “101 on distribution for filmmakers. I had a great experience with Netflix (WHAT HAPPENED, MISS SIMONE?). I have no complaints. But when I asked them how many watched the film. No idea. But that was not a bad experience knowing what I was going to get out of it. I like to say you have 3 ways to exploit your film: (1) TIME – you can license something for a year, 6 months – then re-license, (2) TERRITORIES – if you’re selling something to IFC to North America for example, give me more money, they say no, then can I have Canada back. Oh yea, Then I can sell Canada for an extra $60,000. (3) MEDIA – DVD, Blu-ray, VOD, SVOD, CVOD. If you can retain your copyright.” FINDING FILMS EA: “There’s too many films being produced for us to even consider non-solicited. We do it the old fashioned way. We go to film festivals. The festivals are the first level of gatekeepers. They’re the ones seeing thousands of submissions (Sundance  more than 10,000, for example). The first filtration level so to speak. We go to the biggest festivals, the ones with the most premieres. There’s a lot of regional festivals, there you might find the diamond in the rough. So we like to talk to film programmers when we’re not in attendance to get feedback on what audiences are responding to. (e.g. at Seattle Film Festival and MVFF).” BF: “Before you even start to make your film. Think about who makes and releases my film. And at what scale. It’s really working backwards. Being strategic. Know your market. Know how your film is going to be seen, and how, and how it will effect you.” AH: “Your film may be ready for Toronto and it’s a small film. This happened to me. We could hustle up (to Canada). Our sales agent and myself know we’ve been to Toronto and it’s really hard to sell a small film. There’s celebrities. It’s a zoo. You’re better off waiting for Sundance. But that’s six months ago, so that’s a challenge.” AMAZON PRIME & NETFLIX AH: “Netflix works really hard to have everyone watch it on the platform.” EA: “There’s a concern, Netflix acquiring documentaries, could starve distributors out there who have been in business for decades. If an investor puts in $2 million to make it. Netflix offers $2.1 million. Filmmaker takes the Netflix money. But in some cases filmmakers are left with little notoriety. The former model has a sales agent, who sells territory.” RV: “I spend a lot of time with the other side. They don’t care about what we’re making and the story we’re telling. A Romanian Home wedding video is just as important to YouTube, someone said, as your film. It’s just another product. I’m a huge fan of cat videos, but it can’t be the only thing we have. It’s incumbent upon us as lovers of cinema to help. Because they don’t care about us.” BF: “We all know. We’ve taken a lot of hits over last few years. Amazon and Netflix come in and our flush with cash.” PC: “If Amazon or Netflix can take your film out, and help you make money, then they’re a player.” RV: “Blu-rays still do well, at Christmas. because it’s a physical gift. The gesture is there.” EA: “Without our Amazon output deal, I doubt we could function.” RV: “The problem is the next generation of kids don’t believe it, that if you keep stealing it will be fine. Look at music. IRS has 40% less people compared to 10 years ago filing tax returns. That’s going to be the same with our business if we don’t wake up. Amazon and Netflix will keep our business alive, but I fear for what that will look like in the long term.” BF: “We’ve moved into television. We’re not giving up film. But to have a successful business, we need to be halfway into TV.” Q&A — Zappa film example [ed-I’m not sure if this is EAT THAT QUESTION: FRANK ZAPPA IN HIS OWN WORDS or another Zappa doc]. Stalled over U.S. rights. Now looking for new options. Focus World. Ruth Vitale suggested perhaps a music/film tie-in — time with his death or birth or some special event. — “Piracy is a good thing, it’s money left on the table, a lost opportunity.” – it was good to have counterpoint. PC: “The end result needs to be that they [filmmakers] receive some form of remuneration for their work.” — “There’s a lot of films being made. A lot of opportunities. Some are crappy. Some are good. Is anyone out there marketing films (feature, independent) realizing they won’t go to theater, but making an industry out of a direct market? How do you fix that? If you can, is there any potential for marketing films to the home ($2/$3 a pop for example).” As is always the case, the 90-minute session was over in the bat of an eye. I could’ve easily enjoyed another half hour, though the conversation did continue later across the street in San Rafael. Filmmakers love a good glass of wine and hip party! Explore. Create. Live. Follow Stark Insider on Twitter and Facebook. Join our 9,000 subscribers who read SI on tablets and smartphones on Google Newsstand. Prefer video? Subscribe to  Stark Insider on YouTube, the largest arts & travel channel in San Francisco. TAGS Mill Valley Film Festival (MVFF) 8 4 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called State of the Film Industry: Amazon Prime, Netflix, piracy and technology-led disruption and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/state-film-industry-tackles-amazonnetflix-piracy-technology-led-disruption.html. Captcha Submit Previous articleAmy Adams on sci-fi vs. motherhood at perfect ARRIVAL in Mill Valley Next articleGael García Bernal, thriller ‘Neruda’ win over fans at Mill Valley Film Festival Clinton Stark Clint has produced videos for Stark Insider since 2006. Recent projects include short MORADO shot in the Baja, mini-doc with PENTATONIX in Napa, and art-doc WRONG'S WHAT I DO BEST at the San Francisco Art Institute. He regularly writes about Canon DSLR and filmmaking. His Broadway shorts, such as SHREK UNMASKED, have garnered acclaim. He's worked with DreamWorks, Disney on Ice, Cirque du Soleil, and "studied under" filmmaker Werner Herzog. Clint also writes about the San Francisco arts scene, Napa, Silicon Valley and gadgets. More about Clint: Bio | IMDB RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR ‘The Eagle Huntress’ a captivating, radiant documentary about perseverance ‘Loving’ a forgotten but vitally important part of American history (Film Review) Lion, Moonlight, Loving win over audiences at Mill Valley Film Festival It’s a Wrap: Mill Valley Film Festival 39 celebrates closing night with class, poignant ‘Loving’ James Franco, Lola Sultan talk ‘In Dubious Battle’, mud and Franco possibly being a “goofball” (Video) Nicole Kidman lights up Mill Valley, talks ‘LION’ & importance of human connection, mothers (Video) CULTURE TECH/SILICON VALLEY WANDERLUST INTERVIEWS VIDEO FEATURES About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Samples Policy & Shipping Address Google Cloud Platform v11.1 © 2006-2016 BLG Media
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Global stock markets started the new trading week strongly Monday, Sept. 19, 2016, as investors appeared to put last week's jitters behind them as they awaited the outcome of the latest policy meetings of the U.S. Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan later this week. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Global stock markets started the new trading week strongly Monday, Sept. 19, 2016, as investors appeared to put last week's jitters behind them as they awaited the outcome of the latest policy meetings of the U.S. Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan later this week. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The close: Wall Street rises with energy shares; Apple up on Samsung woes Add to ... Reuters Published Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 4:22PM EDT Last updated Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 4:43PM EDT Comments AA U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped due to rival Samsung Electronics’ worsening smartphone recall crisis. Aiding the advance, polls showed Democrat Hillary Clinton’s lead widening in the U.S. presidential race following further turmoil in Republican Donald Trump’s campaign over the weekend and a late Sunday debate between the candidates. Clinton is viewed as more positive for stocks partly because her positions are well known, Wall Street strategists have said. Apple’s stock jumped 1.7 per cent to $116.05 and hit a high not seen since December after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. “Samsung’s woes being Apple’s gains helped with that stock a lot,” said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. “The (presidential) debate further set in stone the idea that Hillary Clinton is the likely winner and that you get the market you know rather than the market you don’t know.” Oil prices rose, lifting energy shares, after Russia said it was ready to join OPEC in curbing crude output and Algeria’s oil minister said he expected similar commitments from other non-OPEC producers. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 88.55 points, or 0.49 per cent, to 18,329.04, the S&P 500 gained 9.92 points, or 0.46 per cent, to 2,163.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 36.27 points, or 0.69 per cent, to 5,328.67. The energy index was up 1.5 per cent. Exxon and Chevron were among the top influences on the S&P and the Dow, along with Apple. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll on Monday showed Clinton increasing the lead she has held over Donald Trump for months. Mylan rose 8.2 per cent to $38.87 after the drugmaker late on Friday said it would pay $465-million to settle questions over whether it underpaid U.S. government healthcare programs by misclassifying its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment. This week marks the roughly month-long corporate earnings season, which help determine investors’ moods heading into voting date Nov. 8. Some investors hope that the period will mark an end to the year-long U.S. profit recession. Results from Alcoa are due Tuesday after the close. Trading was light because of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday. The bond market was closed. About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.9 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 35 new lows. Report Typo/Error   More Related to this Story Oil hits one-year high as Russia ready to join output freeze Future for oil brightens as geopolitical chips start falling into place Apple stock hits highest since December on Samsung fire crisis Topics Capital Markets S&P Company Samsung Electronics Company Inc. Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Mohamed Fahmy recalls surviving Egyptian prison in new memoir Life After losing her son to the flu, mother launches campaign promoting vaccine Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Canadian Finals Rodeo These cowboys ride with battered bodies, but their spirits remain intact Arts Five remarkable Leonard Cohen songs The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Who is Melania Trump? Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again News Tom Mulcair wants Justin Trudeau to 'stand up' to Donald Trump Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News Sting reopens Bataclan theatre one year after Paris attacks Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Sports Michelle Obama and LeBron James do Mannequin Challenge Technology SprayPrinter app makes everyone an artist ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Oshawa Centre's $230-million makeover mirrors the city's evolution Report on Business New site aims to bring hard-to-find beer and wine to Canadians More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor A door-to-door sales pitch is no way to make big purchasing decisions Arts Comedian Dave Broadfoot made Canada laugh at itself Most popular Two killed as 7.8-magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand Trump stokes uncertainty with Reince, Bannon picks for White House staff Ottawa to make 'unprecedented' appeal for private investment in infrastructure Trump voters deserve respect. Here’s why B.C. to restore smaller class sizes after teachers' union court victory X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas A man scrolls through a selection of viewing choices on the Netflix Inc. application on a tablet device in this arranged photograph in London, U.K., on Tuesday, Jan. 5, 2016. Despite the rumours, Netflix and it’s fully formed business model has little to offer reported suitors Disney or Apple. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg) A man scrolls through a selection of viewing choices on the Netflix Inc. application on a tablet device in this arranged photograph in London, U.K., on Tuesday, Jan. 5, 2016. Despite the rumours, Netflix and it’s fully formed business model has little to offer reported suitors Disney or Apple. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg) Deutsche Bank has a few reasons why Netflix won’t be acquired Add to ... JULIE VERHAGE Bloomberg News Published Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 5:17PM EDT Last updated Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 5:19PM EDT Comments AA Don’t start buying the Netflix Inc. takeover rumors just yet. With Twitter’s 14-per-cent plunge in early Monday trading offering a cautionary tale of what can happen when acquisition rumours come to nothing, it may be worth paying attention to analysts at Deutsche Bank AG who pour cold water on speculation that the streaming service will be bought by reported suitors the Walt Disney Company or Apple Inc. Deutsche’s dour view comes as Netflix shares have been struggling this year after being one of the top performers in the S&P 500 in 2015, with a surge of 134 per cent over those 12 months. “Companies with unique technology, [intellectual property], or other capabilities, but without strong business models, are ideal targets because of the financial upside that is not reflected in their standalone market valuations,” said the Deutsche Bank team, led by Bryan Kraft. “However, Netflix has a fully formed business model that is richly valued in the market, making it very hard for a strategic acquirer to acquire Netflix and earn its cost of capital on the purchase.” Deutsche is initiating its coverage of the stock with a 12-month price target of $90 (U.S.) – or a fall of about 15 per cent from where Netflix closed on Friday – with much of their skepticism based on the notion that the company is unlikely to be acquired and certainly not at a premium to its current market value. Here are some of the reasons for their disbelief. Business model The types of companies that are most likely to get acquired by Disney or Apple have a business model that is not yet fully formed, Deutsche argues. Netflix knows what it’s doing and where it’s going, so there’s little room to create value if someone came in to buy them. “It seems to us that if Disney or Apple acquired Netflix and used it for the betterment of its core business, then it would be value destructive to Netflix’s core business value, requiring the acquirer to create more value somewhere else than is destroyed in Netflix’s core business, a very tall order,” the analysts said. Dilutive to Disney shareholders The deal is particularly troublesome in the case of Disney, where Deutsche Bank estimates a deal would destroy shareholder value. “Netflix would, naturally, provide a new source of earnings growth for Disney, but with Netflix trading north of 100 times 2018 earnings, the dilution would be roughly 25 per cent even through fiscal year 2021,” they wrote, adding that integrating the two platforms could prove to be quite difficult as well. Netflix wouldn’t help ESPN Perhaps the biggest hurdle facing Disney as a company is the aging of sports channel ESPN, which wouldn’t benefit from a purchase of Netflix, according to Deutsche. “We don’t see how Netflix would resolve any of these challenges as a non-sports, ad-free service that sits outside of the pay TV ecosystem,” the analysts wrote. Lack of synergies Mr. Kraft and his team see little potential for synergies such as reduced costs or additional revenues to result from this deal. From program licensing to television production, there is little room for either company to boost its profits by merging. The team says there’s one clear area where Disney could benefit from the purchase: overseas growth. “Disney could be interested in Netflix because it sees an even bigger international opportunity than is priced into Netflix’s shares today,” they write. “All of that said, the strategic rationale for putting Disney and Netflix together is not all that compelling,” they conclude. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Amanda Knox gets the Netflix treatment (AP Video)   NFLX-QNetflix Inc Latest Price$114.78 -0.64 (-0.55%) AAPL-QApple Inc Latest Price$108.43 +0.64 (+0.59%) DIS-NWalt Disney Co Latest Price$97.68 +2.72 (+2.86%) DB-NDeutsche Bank AG Latest Price$16.19 +0.46 (+2.92%) Updated November 11 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Netflix CEO says China entry ‘doesn’t look good’ Netflix to stream new ‘Anne of Green Gables’ adaptation globally Topics Netflix Inc. The Walt Disney Company Apple Inc. Deutsche Bank AG Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Mohamed Fahmy recalls surviving Egyptian prison in new memoir Life After losing her son to the flu, mother launches campaign promoting vaccine Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Canadian Finals Rodeo These cowboys ride with battered bodies, but their spirits remain intact Arts Five remarkable Leonard Cohen songs The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Who is Melania Trump? Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again News Tom Mulcair wants Justin Trudeau to 'stand up' to Donald Trump Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News Sting reopens Bataclan theatre one year after Paris attacks Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Sports Michelle Obama and LeBron James do Mannequin Challenge Technology SprayPrinter app makes everyone an artist ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Oshawa Centre's $230-million makeover mirrors the city's evolution Report on Business New site aims to bring hard-to-find beer and wine to Canadians More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor A door-to-door sales pitch is no way to make big purchasing decisions Arts Comedian Dave Broadfoot made Canada laugh at itself Most popular Two killed as 7.8-magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand Trump stokes uncertainty with Reince, Bannon picks for White House staff Ottawa to make 'unprecedented' appeal for private investment in infrastructure Trump voters deserve respect. Here’s why B.C. to restore smaller class sizes after teachers' union court victory X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Night fever, night fever, night fever — Iowa 14, No. 3 Michigan 13 All Iowa's defense asked for was 14 points Hlas: Hail to the Hawkeyes Hlas: Duncan Donuts’ kick heard round Football World Union beats Mount Vernon in 2A semifinals behind Isaiah Vaughn’s 406 rushing yards, 5 TDs Despite campaign promises, complete repeal of Affordable Care Act could be difficult Smith to continue as Iowa House Democratic leader All Iowa's defense asked for was 14 points Hlas: Duncan Donuts’ kick heard round Football World Video: Kirk Ferentz after Iowa’s stunning win over Michigan Smartphone wars coming to an end Apple, Samsung to argue over patent infringement price tag Tuesday Video Photo The iPhone 7 is studied by journalists during the product launch of the new phone at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. (Gary Reyes/Bay Area News Group/TNS) Bloomberg Oct 10, 2016 at 3:20 pm | Print View The end of the smartphone wars is almost here. Six years after Apple filed its first lawsuit claiming unauthorized copying of the iPhone, the company will square off at the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday against rival Samsung Electronics Co. They will argue over how much of a $399 million patent infringement award Samsung must pay. The fight will be one of the last showdowns between two antagonists that have filed four dozen lawsuits against each other and spent hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees. Samsung says the award, which represents its entire profit from 11 disputed phones, is a “disproportionate” sum for infringement of Apple’s patented design features. Apple says the full award is warranted given Samsung’s “blatant copying” of the iPhone’s iconic look. The case comes as both companies grapple with more pressing legal concerns — Apple’s $15 billion European tax fight and Samsung’s exploding-battery crisis. It will be the Supreme Court’s first examination in 120 years of design patents, which cover the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect. The court last looked at design patents in disputes involving spoon handles in the 1870s and carpets in the 1890s. Apple’s design patents cover the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view. A federal appeals court upheld the award, saying U.S. patent law lets Apple recoup Samsung’s total profit from the phones, and not just the part attributable to the copied design. In urging the Supreme Court to take up the appeal, Samsung said the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cupholder. Apple rejects that analogy, saying that its patented features are more like the design of the entire car. The case has narrowed since the high court accepted it in March. In court papers, Apple says it accepts that in some cases the patent holder can collect only the profit attributable to a particular component, and not the earnings from the entire product. Apple says, however, that Samsung failed to show that the patented designs applied only to part of its phones. Samsung contends that it was Apple’s burden to show that the infringement gave Samsung any increased profits. The amount of money at issue, as well as the public-relations impact, means the stakes are still high for Apple and Samsung. The Supreme Court could uphold the award, invalidate it entirely or order a new trial on the amount of damages. Its ruling also will affect Apple’s effort to win another $180 million from Samsung for five devices that have already been found to be infringing. Your next Nation & World articles Retail CEOs relieved election is over Engine explosion on Boeing 767 poses puz ... U.S. seeks to speed wind, solar developm ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
null
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 10:18 P.M. ET Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 10:01 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts What a Nobel Prize-winning economist has to say about CEO bonuses By MarketWatch Published: Oct 10, 2016 5:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE Are CEO bonuses too high? See full story. Trump drops a big tax clue in debate -- here’s what it means Trump says he pays federal taxes but continues to refuse to prove it by releasing his returns See full story. Apple could sell another 15 million iPhones because of Samsung’s Note 7 explosions Shares of Apple Inc. hit their highest prices of 2016 on Monday as Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.’ exploding-phone saga worsened and one analyst said Apple could sell millions of iPhones because of it. See full story. Make sure you have a long-term-care plan in place before it’s too late It’s easy to sit and think that you have all the time in the world to plan for your later retirement years, but the reality is that the time will come sooner than you think, and when it does, you may no longer be able to make decisions as easily as you once did. See full story. The worst thing at the debate wasn’t anything Donald Trump said or did Trump was simply himself — ignorant and hostile, says Tim Mullaney. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE Are CEO bonuses too high? See full story. More from MarketWatch The worst thing at the debate wasn’t anything Donald Trump said or did S&P 500’s ‘triangle’ chart pattern is warning of a big selloff, analyst says Trump's Surprise Media Event With Bill Clinton Accusers Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 44°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, November 13, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply Associated Press Monday, October 10, 2016 Credit: The Associated Press In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) comments TOKYO — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed.   The article you requested is no longer available on BostonHerald.com.   » Click here to view this article in the Associated Press' archive. More On: OPEC Apple Inc Merck & Co Inc Vladimir Putin Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Self-driving hits Boston's Seaport jordan graham automotive Yes, you do need to change brake fluid every two years paul brand automotive jim mahoney Trending Now Walsh: Bullying of immigrants unacceptable Hillary Clinton blames FBI director James Comey for election loss Fire officials: Infant dies after couple nodded out on drugs City Hall winter garden plans set Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
null
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share $fb Why Facebook and Google are siding with Samsung in its Supreme Court battle with Apple Erin FuchsOctober 10, 2016 The Supreme Court will hear a long-running corporate battle on Tuesday over how much Samsung should have to pay its rival Apple (AAPL) for copying the iPhone’s design. The dispute has attracted over a dozen amicus curiae (“friend of the Court” briefs) arguing the case has wide-ranging implications. One of those briefs came from major tech companies—including Facebook (FB), Google (GOOG, GOOGL), Dell and Hewlett Packard (HPQ)—which asserted the dispute “presented a question of enormous practical importance” to them. This is the first time the High Court has taken a look at design patents in well over 100 years, four years after a lower court jury found Samsung had copied part of the iPhone’s design and awarded Apple nearly $1 billion in damages that were later reduced. That question is not whether Samsung copied parts of the iPhone’s design—including its rounded corners, a “bezel” or surrounding rim, a grid of 16 colorful icons and the phone’s “distinctive front face”—among other features, according to Apple’s description. Rather than deciding the issue of infringement, the Supreme Court justices will decide whether Samsung owes Apple all the profits it made from its infringing phones—or just those profits attributable to the infringing features. Samsung Electronics North America President & CEO Gregory Lee delivers opening remarks at the introduction of the Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone at the Samsung Galaxy Studio, in New York, Monday, Feb. 24, 2014. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)More Read More This decision will interpret a design-patent statute passed in 1842, long before the world even contemplated something like the iPhone or its alleged copycats. It was originally used to protect the designs of simple products like wallpaper, rugs and fireplace grates, the tech companies noted in their amicus brief. But the world is a lot different now, with companies like Samsung making “complex, multicomponent technological products,” the brief noted. If certain elements of those products infringe design patents, then the maker should only have to pay damages attributable to the offending components, according to the amicus brief. Those tech companies—and Samsung, for that matter—are asking the Supreme Court to overturn a decision last year by the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit that ruled in Apple’s favor. That decision found Apple was entitled to “total profit from the article of manufacture bearing the patented design.” If it’s allowed to stand, that decision could pave the way for frivolous lawsuits that could hamper tech companies and stymie innovation, the tech companies argue. From the brief: As predicted by numerous commentators, the Federal Circuit’s decision has already prompted so-called “patent trolls” to threaten design-patent litigation against Samsung and its amici. Meanwhile, companies are applying for and obtaining record numbers of design patents, which are certain to be asserted at similarly growing rates. The ensuing litigation, and threats of litigation, will further undermine innovation and the research and development efforts of amici—a particularly troubling development in light of the spurious quality of many design patents While a jury initially awarded Apple $930 million back in 2012, the award was later reduced to $548 million. If Samsung succeeds in the Supreme Court, it could stand to get back $399 million of that amount, which was attributed to profits it gained from selling the infringing phones. Samsung suggests in a statement that this isn’t just about the money, noting, “Samsung took this case to the Supreme Court because we believe the way design patent law has been interpreted is not in line with modern times because it discourages competition, innovation and consumer choice.” Apple CEO Tim Cook Lucy Nicholson | ReutersMore For its part, Apple has contended in a Supreme Court brief that it spent billions of dollars developing the iPhone and that its design played a key role in its success. A product’s design enables a manufacturer like Samsung to sell a particular product and make a profit in the first place, Apple’s brief notes. “Samsung’s smartphones are sold as single, unitary articles to ordinary purchasers,” the brief notes, “and their infringing designs are closely intertwined with the phones’ hardware and software to create the products’ overall look and feel.” Apple’s brief also suggests Samsung’s infringement was brazen, noting, “The evidence showed how assiduously Samsung copied Apple’s iPhone in response to its ‘crisis of design,’ and instantly increased its market share,” the brief noted. In its own brief supporting Apple, the shoemaker Crocs also touched on the importance of design patents. “From its very inception, Crocs has devoted substantial resources to researching, developing, and bringing to market innovative and iconic footwear designs,” the company noted. “Indeed, Crocs’ designs are almost one and the same with its brand.” Erin Fuchs is deputy managing editor of Yahoo Finance.   #$fb #$aapl #$hpq #$googl #$goog #video Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Google is remaking the mobile web Yahoo Tech Why you might want to hold off on buying Google's new VR headset Yahoo Tech Google Home review: A promising but unfinished smart home device Yahoo Tech Watch Saturday Night Live’s emotional and highly unusual cold open BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech This supermoon will be extra-super GeekWire New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple and Exxon Mobil climb while Bristol-Myers tumbles By Associated Press Published: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 16:25 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., down $5.62 to $49.81 The company reported more data from a disappointing study of its cancer drug Opdivo. Apple Inc., up $1.99 to $116.05 Samsung faced new problems with replacement models of its Galaxy Note 7, which could boost sales of Apple's iPhone. Exxon Mobil Corp., up $1.70 to $88.44 Energy companies traded higher with the price of oil. Mylan NV, up $2.93 to $38.87 The drugmaker rose after agreeing to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen shot. Twitter Inc., down $2.29 to $17.56 The social media company continued to fall following reports that potential buyers have decided not to bid for the company. Merck & Co., up $1.13 to $63.90 Merck reported positive data from a study of its cancer drug Keytruda. Dover Corp., down $5.55 to $66.69 The manufacturing company cut its guidance because of weaker spending in several industries as well as production problems. Tesaro Corp., up $18.65 to $117.91 The company said its drug niraparib helped slow the progress of ovarian cancer in a late-stage clinical trial. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple could sell 15 MILLION more iPhones as stock rockets to highest level since December following rival Samsung's decision to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 over fire crisis Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fires were reported in replacement devices By Reuters and Sarah Dean For Mailonline Published: 14:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 08:04 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 153 shares 232 View comments The axing of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could help rival company Apple sell an additional 15 million iPhones, according to analysts. S&P analyst Angelo Zino said he expects a halt in sales of the Note 7 to help drive some Android users over to iOS, increasing Apple's share of the global smartphone market by 1 per cent. Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent on Monday, reaching a high not seen since December, after Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. Fires in the smartphones that were meant to replace devices that had been recalled because of their propensity to explode could be a disaster for Samsung and a massive help to Apple.  Apple stock has jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December, after arch rival Samsung suspended production of its Galaxy Note 7 following fires in replacement devices. Apple's stock was up $2.66 at $116.72 in Monday afternoon trading and was the largest contributor to gains on the S&P 500.  Earlier, Samsung's stock dipped 1.5 percent.  Mr Zino said Apple could sell an additional 14 million to 15 million units during the September quarter. 'The biggest U.S. carriers have also stopped selling Note 7 phones and will allow customers to replace with a different device,' he said. 'We see a more favorable competitive landscape and higher Android switcher rates for Apple over the next 12-18 months,' he said, Market Watch reported. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Are more new types of matter on the horizon? Researchers... Forget a charismatic leader: Friendships are more likely to... Can Facebook replace your work email? Workplace version of... The $300 PancakeBot goes on sale: Printer can create... Share this article Share 153 shares The axing of the Note 7 will translate into lost sales of up to 19 million phones, or nearly $17 billion (£14 billion), according to analysts at Credit Suisse. After the initial recall it was expected Samsung would lose $5 billion ($4 billion) in expected sales and recall costs based on the assumption that the firm would resume global Note 7 sales. Samsung's ongoing problems suggested the world's largest smartphone maker has failed to fix a problem that has already damaged its brand and threatened to derail a recovery in its mobile business. Following the reports of fire in replacement devices, Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and other wireless carriers suspended sales and exchanges of Note 7s. Best Buy Co Inc will no longer sell the Note 7 and said customers could return their smartphones or exchange them for a different device. BACK ON TOP: APPLE STOCK RALLIES 13% IN A MONTH  Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. On Friday, Samsung revealed a 5.5 percent rise in operating profits, even as it struggles with a damaging global smartphone recall and a shareholder push to split the family-run conglomerate in two. In an earnings forecast that beat analyst estimates, Samsung said its operating profit for the July-September period would stand at around 7.8 trillion won ($7.0 billion), compared to 7.39 trillion won a year ago. The estimate was down on the 8.1 trillion won profit posted in the second quarter. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We believe the Note 7's ongoing issues could help market share shifts for Apple,' Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a note to clients on Monday. He estimated that a 5 percent gain in high-end smartphone market share would increase Apple's earnings per share by as much as 7 percent. Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. U.S. safety regulators announced a formal recall last month of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone (pictured) after a spate of fires led to injuries and property damage Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. Samsung is the world's largest seller of smartphones by volume, with about 23 percent market share, followed by Apple with 12 percent, according to market research firm IDC. WHY ARE THE BATTERIES EXPLODING? Lithium batteries are use in a range of consumer electronic devices, favored by manufacturers because they are lightweight and pack much more energy into a small space than other power cells. But storing so much energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls, makes them susceptible to overheating if exposed to high temperatures, damage or flaws in manufacturing.  If the separators fail, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control.  Koh Dong-jin, Samsung's mobile president told reporters in Seoul: 'The flaw in the manufacturing process resulted in the negative electrodes and the positive electrodes coming together.' It is unclear how Samsung failed to discover the battery problem before launching the Note 7.   Read more: Apple could sell another 15 million iPhones as Samsung halts Note 7 sales - MarketWatch Share or comment on this article e-mail 153 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  243 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple could sell 15 MILLION more iPhones as stock rockets to highest level since December following rival Samsung's decision to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 over fire crisis Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fires were reported in replacement devices By Reuters and Sarah Dean For Mailonline Published: 14:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 08:04 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 153 shares 232 View comments The axing of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could help rival company Apple sell an additional 15 million iPhones, according to analysts. S&P analyst Angelo Zino said he expects a halt in sales of the Note 7 to help drive some Android users over to iOS, increasing Apple's share of the global smartphone market by 1 per cent. Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent on Monday, reaching a high not seen since December, after Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. Fires in the smartphones that were meant to replace devices that had been recalled because of their propensity to explode could be a disaster for Samsung and a massive help to Apple.  Apple stock has jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December, after arch rival Samsung suspended production of its Galaxy Note 7 following fires in replacement devices. Apple's stock was up $2.66 at $116.72 in Monday afternoon trading and was the largest contributor to gains on the S&P 500.  Earlier, Samsung's stock dipped 1.5 percent.  Mr Zino said Apple could sell an additional 14 million to 15 million units during the September quarter. 'The biggest U.S. carriers have also stopped selling Note 7 phones and will allow customers to replace with a different device,' he said. 'We see a more favorable competitive landscape and higher Android switcher rates for Apple over the next 12-18 months,' he said, Market Watch reported. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Are more new types of matter on the horizon? Researchers... Forget a charismatic leader: Friendships are more likely to... Can Facebook replace your work email? Workplace version of... The $300 PancakeBot goes on sale: Printer can create... Share this article Share 153 shares The axing of the Note 7 will translate into lost sales of up to 19 million phones, or nearly $17 billion (£14 billion), according to analysts at Credit Suisse. After the initial recall it was expected Samsung would lose $5 billion ($4 billion) in expected sales and recall costs based on the assumption that the firm would resume global Note 7 sales. Samsung's ongoing problems suggested the world's largest smartphone maker has failed to fix a problem that has already damaged its brand and threatened to derail a recovery in its mobile business. Following the reports of fire in replacement devices, Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and other wireless carriers suspended sales and exchanges of Note 7s. Best Buy Co Inc will no longer sell the Note 7 and said customers could return their smartphones or exchange them for a different device. BACK ON TOP: APPLE STOCK RALLIES 13% IN A MONTH  Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. On Friday, Samsung revealed a 5.5 percent rise in operating profits, even as it struggles with a damaging global smartphone recall and a shareholder push to split the family-run conglomerate in two. In an earnings forecast that beat analyst estimates, Samsung said its operating profit for the July-September period would stand at around 7.8 trillion won ($7.0 billion), compared to 7.39 trillion won a year ago. The estimate was down on the 8.1 trillion won profit posted in the second quarter. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We believe the Note 7's ongoing issues could help market share shifts for Apple,' Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a note to clients on Monday. He estimated that a 5 percent gain in high-end smartphone market share would increase Apple's earnings per share by as much as 7 percent. Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. U.S. safety regulators announced a formal recall last month of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone (pictured) after a spate of fires led to injuries and property damage Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. Samsung is the world's largest seller of smartphones by volume, with about 23 percent market share, followed by Apple with 12 percent, according to market research firm IDC. WHY ARE THE BATTERIES EXPLODING? Lithium batteries are use in a range of consumer electronic devices, favored by manufacturers because they are lightweight and pack much more energy into a small space than other power cells. But storing so much energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls, makes them susceptible to overheating if exposed to high temperatures, damage or flaws in manufacturing.  If the separators fail, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control.  Koh Dong-jin, Samsung's mobile president told reporters in Seoul: 'The flaw in the manufacturing process resulted in the negative electrodes and the positive electrodes coming together.' It is unclear how Samsung failed to discover the battery problem before launching the Note 7.   Read more: Apple could sell another 15 million iPhones as Samsung halts Note 7 sales - MarketWatch Share or comment on this article e-mail 153 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  243 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple stocks hit 2016 high on Samsung Note 7 fire crisis Samsung woes come on eve of landmark hearing on copying of iPhone design Mon, Oct 10, 2016, 20:23 Landmark case: Samsung will argue before the US Supreme Court that it should not have had to have paid $399 million of a $548.2 million payout last December for infringement of three patented designs on the iPhone. Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images         Apple’s stock jumped to a 2016 high after rival Samsung suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. Fires in the smartphones that were meant to replace devices that had been recalled because of their propensity to explode could be a disaster for Samsung and a potential boon to Apple. Apple’s stock was up 2.2 per cent at $116.59 in afternoon trading and was the largest contributor to gains on the S&P 500. Earlier, Samsung’s stock had dipped 1.5 per cent. Samsung’s ongoing problems suggested the world’s largest smartphone maker has failed to fix a problem that has already damaged its brand and threatened to derail a recovery in its mobile business. Following the reports of fire in replacement devices, Verizon Communications, AT&T and other wireless carriers suspended sales and exchanges of Note 7s. Samsung’s latest woes come as the US supreme court prepares to hear arguments on Tuesday in the bitter patent dispute between the world’s two top smartphone manufacturers over the amount Samsung should pay Apple for copying the iPhone’s distinctive look. Long-term impact The justices’ ruling, due by the end of June, could have a long-term impact for designers and product manufacturers going forward because the court, if it agrees with Samsung, could limit the penalties for swiping a patented design. Samsung paid Apple $548.2 million last December, fulfilling part of its liability stemming from a 2012 verdict for infringing Apple’s iPhone patents and copying its look. But Samsung will argue before the supreme court that it should not have had to make as much as $399 million of that payout for infringement of three patented designs on the iPhone’s rounded-corner front face, its bezel and the colourful grid of icons that represent programmes and applications. ADVERTISEMENT It will be the US court’s first case involving design patents in more than 120 years, when the products at issue were carpets and rugs. Apple sued its South Korean rival in 2011, claiming Samsung stole its technology and the iPhone’s trademarked appearance. – (Reuters)       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Lansdowne Road deal needs correction, says union chief 21:32 Councils losing revenue due to rates assessment backlog 20:28 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 19:12 In the news: Arnotts’ bumper year and Clare crematorium 18:09 Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution 17:27 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 2 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 3 Paul Krugman: US election rigged against Hillary Clinton 4 Standard Chartered weighs private-equity investments 5 Dublin ranked 20th most reputable city in the world 6 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer 7 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says 8 Panama Papers shine a light on Ireland’s SPVs 9 ‘Overcorrection’ in house prices since financial crash 10 Four bids received for €287m Project Boyne Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
WATCH NFL LIVE: Seahawks vs. Patriots on Sunday Night Football Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Paris Terror Attacks ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Oct 10 2016, 2:39 pm ET Apple Shares Are Red Hot Amid Samsung's Flaming Phone Issues by Anita Balakrishnan, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Shares of Apple's stock bounced 1.9 percent Monday amid reports that Samsung had adjusted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to "ensure quality and safety matters." At least five reports have surfaced of Galaxy Note 7 phones overheating or catching fire, according to the AP, despite a global recall of the handsets last month. The continuing issues with the phones, which compete with Apple's iPhone 7, have led some to sound the death knell for the product. "We see a more favorable competitive landscape and higher Android switcher rates for Apple over the next 12-18 months as Samsung's issues may weigh on future product launches and given Apple's strong potential offerings," wrote Angelo Zino, equity analyst at CFRA Research. Apple's stock move had the most positive impact on the Nasdaq 100 Monday morning. CNBC reached out to Apple for comment. "We recognize that carrier partners have stopped sales and exchanges of the Galaxy Note 7 in response to reports of heat damage issues, and we respect their decision," Samsung told CNBC. "We are working diligently with authorities and third party experts and will share findings when we have completed the investigation. Even though there are a limited number of reports, we want to reassure customers that we are taking every report seriously." Samsung shares closed down 1.52 percent in the Korean trading session, but are still up 15 percent over the past three months as the conglomerate reported stronger-than-expected earnings. In addition to a wide range of products, Samsung produces chips and screens for its rival smartphone makers. Apple shares are up around 20 percent over the same three-month period, when it debuted its new iPhone 7. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Apple to sell 45 million iPhone units in the September quarter, down from 48 million a year ago but up from 39 million in 2014, when the iPhone 6 debuted. It all comes just a day before the pair are slated to face off in the Supreme Court over a smartphone design patent case. Anita Balakrishnan, CNBC Topics Tech News First Published Oct 10 2016, 2:39 pm ET Next Story Snap Is Using Vending Machines for Its New Camera Glasses advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple could sell 15 MILLION more iPhones as stock rockets to highest level since December following rival Samsung's decision to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 over fire crisis Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fires were reported in replacement devices By Reuters and Sarah Dean For Mailonline Published: 14:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 08:04 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 153 shares 232 View comments The axing of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could help rival company Apple sell an additional 15 million iPhones, according to analysts. S&P analyst Angelo Zino said he expects a halt in sales of the Note 7 to help drive some Android users over to iOS, increasing Apple's share of the global smartphone market by 1 per cent. Apple stock jumped 2.3 percent on Monday, reaching a high not seen since December, after Samsung stopped production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. Fires in the smartphones that were meant to replace devices that had been recalled because of their propensity to explode could be a disaster for Samsung and a massive help to Apple.  Apple stock has jumped 2.3 percent, reaching a high not seen since December, after arch rival Samsung suspended production of its Galaxy Note 7 following fires in replacement devices. Apple's stock was up $2.66 at $116.72 in Monday afternoon trading and was the largest contributor to gains on the S&P 500.  Earlier, Samsung's stock dipped 1.5 percent.  Mr Zino said Apple could sell an additional 14 million to 15 million units during the September quarter. 'The biggest U.S. carriers have also stopped selling Note 7 phones and will allow customers to replace with a different device,' he said. 'We see a more favorable competitive landscape and higher Android switcher rates for Apple over the next 12-18 months,' he said, Market Watch reported. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Are more new types of matter on the horizon? Researchers... Forget a charismatic leader: Friendships are more likely to... Can Facebook replace your work email? Workplace version of... The $300 PancakeBot goes on sale: Printer can create... Share this article Share 153 shares The axing of the Note 7 will translate into lost sales of up to 19 million phones, or nearly $17 billion (£14 billion), according to analysts at Credit Suisse. After the initial recall it was expected Samsung would lose $5 billion ($4 billion) in expected sales and recall costs based on the assumption that the firm would resume global Note 7 sales. Samsung's ongoing problems suggested the world's largest smartphone maker has failed to fix a problem that has already damaged its brand and threatened to derail a recovery in its mobile business. Following the reports of fire in replacement devices, Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and other wireless carriers suspended sales and exchanges of Note 7s. Best Buy Co Inc will no longer sell the Note 7 and said customers could return their smartphones or exchange them for a different device. BACK ON TOP: APPLE STOCK RALLIES 13% IN A MONTH  Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. On Friday, Samsung revealed a 5.5 percent rise in operating profits, even as it struggles with a damaging global smartphone recall and a shareholder push to split the family-run conglomerate in two. In an earnings forecast that beat analyst estimates, Samsung said its operating profit for the July-September period would stand at around 7.8 trillion won ($7.0 billion), compared to 7.39 trillion won a year ago. The estimate was down on the 8.1 trillion won profit posted in the second quarter. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We believe the Note 7's ongoing issues could help market share shifts for Apple,' Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a note to clients on Monday. He estimated that a 5 percent gain in high-end smartphone market share would increase Apple's earnings per share by as much as 7 percent. Apple's stock has rallied 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. U.S. safety regulators announced a formal recall last month of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone (pictured) after a spate of fires led to injuries and property damage Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. Samsung is the world's largest seller of smartphones by volume, with about 23 percent market share, followed by Apple with 12 percent, according to market research firm IDC. WHY ARE THE BATTERIES EXPLODING? Lithium batteries are use in a range of consumer electronic devices, favored by manufacturers because they are lightweight and pack much more energy into a small space than other power cells. But storing so much energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls, makes them susceptible to overheating if exposed to high temperatures, damage or flaws in manufacturing.  If the separators fail, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control.  Koh Dong-jin, Samsung's mobile president told reporters in Seoul: 'The flaw in the manufacturing process resulted in the negative electrodes and the positive electrodes coming together.' It is unclear how Samsung failed to discover the battery problem before launching the Note 7.   Read more: Apple could sell another 15 million iPhones as Samsung halts Note 7 sales - MarketWatch Share or comment on this article e-mail 153 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  243 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 10 AAPL: 116.05 1.99 Review: Nomad Horween Leather iPhone 7 Plus Case + Apple Watch Strap Zac Hall - 1 month ago @apollozac Apple Watch iPhone Reviews Nomad View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Nomad is the maker of clever tech accessories for travelers like the Key and Carabiner charging cables, and the recent partnership with Chicago’s Horween Leather Company has disguised battery packs inside good-looking wallets. Nomad’s effort with Horween extends to their new iPhone 7 leather cases and Apple Watch leather bands which we’ve been testing. Read on for our hands-on experience… Nomad Leather Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus closely resembles the Apple Leather Case save for a few differences. Nomad’s version features a slightly different design that fully holds the iPhone 7 from top to bottom; Apple’s version has a full opening along the bottom that exposes parts of the aluminum finish. Apple’s is easier to put on but once in place Nomad’s is more protective. Nomad relies on high quality leather sourced from Chicago’s Horween Leather Company; Apple describes its leather as European leather. Both age with use and develop a darker worn look. Nomad’s version has a stiffer feel in hand versus Apple’s, especially when flexing the case, which makes it feel a tad bit more durable. Nomad Leather Case for iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Leather Cases for iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 7 Plus While Nomad does cover more of the iPhone with its leather case, you won’t find the clickier metal buttons like on Apple’s. From a practical perspective, I prefer the new metal buttons on Apple’s leather case, but visually I prefer the unified look of having a single material (leather) that creates a button-less look. Nomad’s Horween Leather will wear like Apple’s European leather, features a covered bottom with cutouts for mic and speaker grills The Horween leather color is closest to Apple’s Saddle Brown. Nomad’s version has a stiffer, more textured, feel to it. Both leather cases are lined with a micro fiber interior and feature a lip along that front that makes it safe to lay face down. Nomad Leather Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available for pre-order at $39.95 (the iPhone 6/6s versions are already available). That compares to $45 and $49 for Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Leather Case. I personally prefer to go caseless unless running or cycling, but Nomad Leather Case is an easy way to dress up your space black iPhone 7 and avoid the micro abrasions. Nomad’s other Horween Leather product, Strap for Apple Watch, is an even better use of the material. You can configure it for 42mm Apple Watches with either silver or black hardware with traditional and modern builds for the design. The version I tested is modern build for black hardware specifically. The black hardware version is ideal for either space gray or space black Apple Watches while silver hardware is intended for standard aluminum or stainless steel. The difference is in the color of the lugs and buckle connector. The black version has a matte finish that’s darker than space gray and not as reflective as space black. I found the finish to match surprisingly well with my space black stainless steel Apple Watch. The Horween leather paired with the black metal has a very distinct look that fits well with the new Numerals watch face and Walnut color. Not as stark as the all black Milanese Loop or Link Bracelet and still very dressy. Why doesn’t Apple make a similar configuration? The modern build is a more straight forward look than the heavier traditional build which features stitching and a more aggressive buckle shape. The leather quality feels totally different than Apple’s Classic Buckle bands: Nomad’s Horween leather is sturdier and more rigid than Apple’s thinner and softer leather. The benefit to Nomad’s is that it should age better and withstand more abuse if needed. It just requires some initial wear to get the shape and fit right as it’s stiffer out of the box. Two loops are connected to the top strap: one fixed to the end and one adjustable with a double stitch hidden underneath. My only complaint with Nomad Leather Strap is that the sizing of the 42mm band doesn’t accommodate smaller to medium wrists as well as Apple’s bands. I preferred the second to smallest notch with only one smaller notch and six larger notches available. For reference, I prefer the third largest notch on the S/M Sport band. Nomad is conservative on the branding: there’s a barely-visible logo on the metal buckle which is the only external facing branding. A second Nomad logo can be found on the inside of the bottom strap while a Horween Leather Co. logo is stamped on the inside of the top strap. Nomad Leather Strap is priced at $59.95, considerably more affordable than Apple’s $149 Classic Buckle, without compromising on build quality one bit. The Horween leather strap has a very rich look to it and the black hardware offers more customization than Apple’s own bands with space gray and space black Apple Watches. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide Reviews View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Shares of Apple tick higher amid Samsung woes CNBC 10/10/2016 Anita Balakrishnan © Provided by CNBC Shares of Apple (AAPL) stock bounced 1.9 percent Monday amid reports that Samsung had adjusted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to "ensure quality and safety matters." Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 108.43 +0.64 +0.59% At least five reports have surfaced of Galaxy Note 7 phones overheating or catching fire, according to the AP, despite a global recall of the handsets last month. The continuing issues with the phones, which compete with Apple's iPhone 7, have led some to sound the death knell for the product. Apple's stock move had the most positive impact on the Nasdaq 100 Monday morning. CNBC has reached out to both companies for comment. Samsung shares closed down 1.52 percent in the Korean trading session, but are still up 15 percent over the past three months as the conglomerate reported stronger-than-expected earnings. In addition to a wide range of products, Samsung produces chips and screens for its rival smartphone makers. Apple shares are up around 20 percent over the same three-month period, when it debuted its new iPhone 7. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Apple to sell 45 million iPhone units in the September quarter, down from 48 million a year ago but up from 39 million in 2014, when the iPhone 6 debuted. It all comes just a day before the pair are slated to face off in the Supreme Court over a smartphone design patent case. Go to MSN Home More in Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney 6 Social Security changes coming in 2017 U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple stock hits highest since Dec on Samsung Note 7 fire crisis By Reuters Published: 14:35 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 14:35 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail By Noel Randewich SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 10 (Reuters) - Apple Inc's stock on Monday jumped 2.2 percent, reaching a high not seen since December, after rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices. Fires in the smartphones that were meant to replace devices that had been recalled because of their propensity to explode could be a disaster for Samsung and a potential boon to Apple. Apple's stock was up 2.2 percent at $116.59 in afternoon trading and was the largest contributor to gains on the S&P 500. Earlier, Samsung's stock dipped 1.5 percent. Samsung's ongoing problems suggested the world's largest smartphone maker has failed to fix a problem that has already damaged its brand and threatened to derail a recovery in its mobile business. Following the reports of fire in replacement devices, Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and other wireless carriers suspended sales and exchanges of Note 7s. Best Buy Co Inc will no longer sell the Note 7 and said customers could return their smartphones or exchange them for a different device. Apple's stock has gained 13 percent since mid-September on optimism about demand for the recently launched iPhone 7. Shares are up 30 percent from lows hit in May, when fears about weak iPhone demand allowed Google parent Alphabet Inc to briefly eclipse Apple as the world's largest company by market capitalization. Samsung is the world's largest seller of smartphones by volume, with about 23 percent market share, followed by Apple with 12 percent, according to market research firm IDC. (Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley's 'Peach Lady' shares her bounty of goodness Monday Oct 10, 2016 at 11:20 AM Oct 10, 2016 at 11:21 AM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Just a stone’s throw from the Mojave River, thousands of peaches, bursting with flavor and ready to be picked, hang from over 400 trees at the McDonald Peach Orchard. Known as “The Peach Lady,” Marge McDonald, 76, told the Daily Press she planted 504 peach trees on her family’s 5-acre property in the ‘90s to honor her parents who loved “the farming lifestyle, fruit trees and God’s creation.” “My father, Wilmer Hartman, used to take us kids to Pearblossom where we bought fresh produce,” said McDonald, who was born in Apple Valley and graduated from Victor Valley High School in 1957. “My grandparents had plum, apple, peach and apricot trees when they lived off Stoddard Wells Road in Victorville.” McDonald’s grandfather, William Hartman, moved from Germany to South Dakota in 1892 and finally to the High Desert about 30 years later. Later, McDonald’s parents built a home in Apple Valley where they raised animals, planted fruit trees and grew alfalfa. As a distant train’s horn echoed through the neighborhood, McDonald sorted and bagged freshly picked organic peaches as signs along Seneca Road beckon visitors to stop by the old homestead to pick their own. “The harvest window only lasts about a month,” McDonald said. “We’ll probably close shop on October 15th so people need to get down here pretty soon.” As McDonald continued to work under the shade of a large tree, she explained how her “little orchard” continues to attract school children, neighbors, the health conscious, bakers and those longing for a bit of country. “We’ve had parents and grandparents come by so their children and grandchildren can experience picking fruit off a tree for the first time,” said McDonald, a retired teacher who has worked at Christian and public schools. “Some people buy one peach and some buy a bag, a box and or even a lug.” When she’s not tending her peach stand or working in the orchard, McDonald said she can be found in her kitchen baking pies or canning jams and preserves. “Besides peaches, I sell fig jam, apple butter, peach salsa, plum jam and other fruit. I’m just too busy to bake pies and cobblers to sell though,” McDonald said. “I also have lots of family and friends who drop by and volunteer their time.” As McDonald explained how fresh-picked peaches are better than store-bought and how “the redder and oranger they are, the better they taste,” the sound of tires rolling on gravel became louder. “Here comes my good friend Willie Krause,” said McDonald, as her friend pulled a wagon full of peaches toward the fruit stand. “She’s a wonderful German woman who helps me every year. She is so kind to me and everyone she meets.” After the two shared an embrace and Krause departed, McDonald shared how her parents worked for Stoddard Jess at the Jess Ranch Turkey Ranch off Apple Valley Road in the 1940s. “My dad worked on the farming end of the ranch, working the alfalfa fields,” McDonald said. “My mom worked on the processing end. I still remember pulling feathers off the turkeys as they passed by on the assembly line.” McDonald said she and her siblings would walk from the ranch to the elementary school on the corner of Deep Creek and Bear Valley roads in Apple Valley. She also shared memories of watching baby calves being born at the Snell Dairy and the blizzard on Jan. 4, 1949, where 3 feet of snow blanketed the town. “Before Trigger died in 1965, Roy Rogers would buy alfalfa for him and his other horses from this property,” McDonald said. “We actually delivered hay all over Southern California.” McDonald, who also has a home in Orange County, said she remembers being crowned the “Dairy Maid Milk Girl” in 1961 at the Los Angeles County Fair where she received a gold medal and $20. After graduating from Victor Valley High School, working for an insurance company and marrying her late husband, Edward, Marge McDonald moved to Maryland and lived there for 25 years before returning to Apple Valley. As McDonald pulled peaches from the wagon, she explained how animals from the Mojave River including squirrels, raccoons, possums, skunks and coyotes think her orchard is “Hometown Buffet” as they eat the fruit that has fallen to the ground. “The orchard has been a blessing from God to many people — even our furry friends,” McDonald said. “This place holds a lot of memories, with many more to be made.” McDonald said the final day of harvest is scheduled for Oct. 15. Her orchard is open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday at 18510 Seneca Rd in Apple Valley. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/McDonaldPeachOrchard or call 562-234-3875. Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 10 GOOG: 785.94 10.86 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Fossil Q Founder $190, Moto 360 Sport $140, Best Buy Accessories Sale, more Stephen Hall - 1 month ago @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Bring Fossil’s Q Founder Smartwatch (Android or iOS) to your wrist for $190 (Reg. $275) The Motorola Moto 360 Sport brings fitness tracking to Android or iOS: $140 (Reg. $180) Epic Best Buy sale knocks 25% off rarely discounted tech accessories from Apple, Logitech, Belkin & others when you buy 3 (or more) items Grab the 9.7-inch iPad Pro 32GB WiFi (Refurb) at the lowest price we’ve seen: $420 (Orig. $600) The best metal USB 3.0 flash drives for your MacBook Air or Retina Pro MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Your choice of widescreen displays w/ HDMI inputs: Dell 27-inch Curved $200 (Reg. $270), or LG 34-inch 21:9 $500 (Reg. $700) Smartphone Accessories: Unifun 10400mAh Power Bank $14, more Jabra’s MOVE Bluetooth Headphones are marked down to $60 (Reg. $90+) Jawbone MINI JAMBOX Bluetooth Speaker $40, CyberPower Battery Backup UPS $35, more Jaybird’s Freedom F5 Bluetooth Earbuds pair perfectly with iPhone 7: $150 (Reg. $200) Games/Apps: Ratchet & Clank $20 or less, iOS freebies, more Watch your favorite TV shows anywhere with the Slingbox 500 for $215 (Reg. $250+) Grab this best-selling Hoover Power Scrub Deluxe Carpet Cleaner for only $96 (Reg. $125+) Apple’s 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro 2.2GHz/16GB/256GB is back down to $1,600 shipped Give your 42mm Apple Watch a new leather band for $14 Prime shipped (Reg. $20) Grand Theft Auto iOS Sale: San Andreas $3, Vice City $2, Chinatown Wars $2, more Runtastic GPS Mountain Bike Tracker PRO for iOS/Android goes free App Store Free App of the Week: IMPOSSIBLE ROAD minimal arcade racer free MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Amazon drops a horde of digital and print magazines down to $5: Fortune, Macworld, Wired, GQ, Men’s Health and more   The Bose SoundLink II Bluetooth Headphones have never been less at Amazon: $229 (Reg. $280) You can now pick up a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M20x Pro Headphones for just $29 shipped (Reg. $49) Bodum Coffee Maker for $20 (Reg. up to $30) WORX Electric 2-in-1 Lawn Mower $184, more Foscam’s R2 1080p Camera for just $90 (Reg. $130) Nordstrom Clear the Rack event eBay Columbus Day Sale extra 20% off home goods Samsung’s 70-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $1,499 Samsung Radiant R3 Speaker $180 (Reg. $220) LEGO Star Wars kits: Ewok Village $219, more Motorola Moto 360 Bluetooth SmartWatch $70 Score $1 MP3 Albums from Van Halen, more SentrySafe 500 Fire-Proof Home Safe for under $20 Save 20% off your order of $50 at L.L.Bean Garmin VivoActive GPS Smartwatch (Refurb) for $80 Office Supplies: 3-Pack Pilot Gel Pens from $2, more Gerber Bear Grylls Camping/Hunting Knife for $29 WORX 20V Electric Blower/Vac $66 (Reg. $100+), more Amazon rolling out $30-$50 Kindle E-reader Prime discounts 5TB Seagate USB 3.0 Drive $110 (Reg. $130) Widescreen monitor: Dell 29″ $280 or LG 27″ $150 Amazon Prime Reading with thousands of free books Save 30% on your next Starbucks Store order OtterBox iPhone 7/Plus cases up to 31% off at Amazon NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Roku and Hitachi pair up for three 4K Ultra HDTVs with the popular streaming platform built-in Tivoli Audio showcases ART Wi-Fi speakers that are meant to complement your home’s design The iPhone 7 has an incredible camera, but ExoLens wants to make it even better Sony’s new camera can shoot a mind-numbing 24 RAW images per second Rimac’s electric bike offers 150 miles of range at an affordable price per charge Gate combines nearly every smart home feature in a minimalistic deadbolt lock Leafboard promises to be the “lightest and most affordable” electric skateboard on the market LEGO shows off three new Batman Movie-inspired sets before New York Comic Con You’ll finally be able to own a pair Nike’s self-lacing Air Mag shoes … if you’re lucky Drobo integrates USB-C into its ‘world’s first’ self-managing DAS system Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 13, 2016 07:30:42 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Google Resurrects Embrace, Extend, Extinguish By Rob Enderle Oct 10, 2016 10:33 AM PT This almost sounds like a plot for a novel. Microsoft creates a successful strategy called "Embrace, Extend, Extinguish" and then promptly forgets it, resulting in a string of failures. Google, which up to now seemed happy to repeat Microsoft's mistakes, accidentally picks up a successful Microsoft practice and uses it against Apple -- likely taking out a number of its Android partners in the process. I'll share some thoughts on the impact of Google's Pixel phone and related product strategy in the context of Embrace, Extend, Extinguish, and why this doesn't bode well for Apple, and then close with my product of the week. The Most Powerful Forgotten Strategy In Tech Back when Microsoft was starting out, its most powerful platform wasn't Windows, which was almost an industry joke at the time -- it was Microsoft Office. The purpose of Microsoft Office was to take out Lotus 1-2-3, which was one of the most successful PC applications of its time. Microsoft brilliantly figured out that to remove Lotus it first had to embrace what made the product unique, which meant it not only had to load Lotus 1-2-3 files, but also to run the complicated macros that came with them. So Microsoft created Excel, and it was as close as you could get to Lotus 1-2-3 without being a copy of the product. That made it easy for people to switch. Then Microsoft extended the offering with word processing, a basic database offering, and eventually a presentation product. It priced the package competitively against Lotus 1-2-3, and that motivated people to switch. You see, it's not enough to make an offering as good and as easy to get to as the competition -- you still have to motivate folks to switch. Finally, Microsoft coupled the competitive edge it had gained with enterprise discounts and incentives, heavy marketing, and heavy advocacy to become the standard in office productivity packages. It extinguished Lotus and Lotus Notes in the segment, and Symphony -- the much-too-late response to Office -- failed in market. Microsoft used a shorter but very similar strategy against OS/2, which helped wipe it out of the market as well. It didn't use the same strategy with Zune (it just didn't execute) or its mobile phones, and those efforts failed. Pixel Phone: Embrace + Extend With Android phones, the embrace phase came early on. Android was about as close to a clone of iOS as an operating system could get. It wouldn't run iOS apps, but Android attacted most of the same developers, who developed on both platforms, which reduced the switching cost substantially. However, Google seemed to stall there for some time. It just kicked off the extend part of the strategy with the new Pixel phone, which not only adds a host of impressive additional capabilities, but also ties into Google's emerging IoT strategy. You can get a phone that's priced less than the new iPhones with a better camera, far faster charging, better performance on paper (waiting on reviews), and a far more useful digital assistant. However, the real extension is the growing host of products Google has integrated, including an Amazon Echo-like offering, a relatively unique smart router, an updated TV offering, a growing list of Nest devices, and a new VR headset. Granted, these products mostly will work with iOS devices as well, but they'll undoubtedly work better with Android phones, and some will work best or only with the Pixel. That makes the Pixel more attractive than the iPhone and motivates people to migrate to it. Extinguishing the iPhone Google already is pricing the Pixel at less than the iPhone, but Apple customers are exceedingly loyal to their company. However, Apple clearly has been cutting the cost of manufacturing its product while holding the price constant, and the user experience has been degrading as a result. All it would take would be a substantial number of Apple users seeing this cost-cutting as taking advantage of them, and if Google could give them a voice, then they likely could cause a stampede away from the platform. That is where Google Search likely comes in. Donald Trump recently accused Google of altering its search technology to favor Hillary Clinton (echoing a claim that surfaced this summer). You'd likely be able to toss this out, except the EU has accused Google of manipulating its search tech to favor its own offerings over those of competitors, and it is considering the imposition of historic fines against the company as a result. That's enough smoke to suggest there really is a fire, given the level of EU interest. In the end, the combination of a very strong product that more than matched the iPhone 7 (which is being pounded for its lack of headphone jack rather than praised for its solid advances), a massively growing ecosystem of products, unique technical enhancements (even I'm interested in a phone that will charge to 7 hours in 15 minutes), and the most powerful manipulation tool on the planet (Google Search) adds up to the potential to eliminate the iPhone. Granted, Google still would need to execute, and it has the attention span of a 4-year-old on sugar, but all of the ingredients to take out the iPhone are there. Wrapping Up: Embrace, Extend, Goodbye iPhone This is the first time that a firm has put together all of the elements of an Embrace, Extend, Extinguish strategy since Microsoft introduced in the 1990s. As always, the success of this strategy hinges on the firm's willingness to execute, but it does represent the most powerful threat to Apple's iPhone yet. That said, the part not yet addressed is what happens to the other Android phones. The low-end phones likely are safe, as this is clearly a high-end offering, and most can't afford it. However, given its massive phone problems at the high end, Samsung in particular should be concerned. Long before Google's Pixel takes a big chunk out of Apple, it is likely to take an even bigger chunk out of the other high-end Android phones. To them, this is Microsoft Surface on steroids, and Microsoft pretty much cornered the market on Windows tablets with that offering. Yes, Google definitely will hurt Apple, but it may wipe out a few of its Android phone partners long before Apple feels a pinch. There could really be no other choice this week. I just saw 15-minute charge for 7 hours of battery life (total battery life around 13 hours), and I instantly fell in love. Granted, given Samsung's battery problems, I wouldn't want to be the first one with this phone -- it would be kind of embarrassing to have an airline tell you that you couldn't use it anywhere near an airplane -- but once vetted, this appears to be an impressive bit of kit. Google Pixel It has arguably the best camera in market, and it actually has a headphone jack -- who knew that would be so important? It has Qualcomm's very impressive quad-core Snapdragon 821 processor, a gorgeous FHD or QHD AMOLED screen wrapped with Gorilla Glass 4, a glass aluminum case, and MIMO support for stunning, cutting-edge WiFi performance (though it will require a MIMO router). Among the phone's downsides are that it isn't highly water resistant (it will stand up to sprays of water), and presently it runs only on the Verizon network in the U.S. Given the carrier issue and the fact that it is a brand new and as-yet-untested phone, I will wait to buy it -- but for that 15 minutes to 7 hours charge time, the Google Pixel Phone -- and particularly the XL version -- is my product of the week. Rob Enderle is a TechNewsWorld columnist and the principal analyst for the Enderle Group, a consultancy that focuses on personal technology products and trends. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Rob Enderle Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Smart home technology is here, and ... It has made my home safer and more enjoyable. I'm interested, but most of it is still too expensive. It's a mess. Too many disparate devices. It's not all that smart or reliable. Who needs it? I like my dumb home just fine. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Facebook Share Price Falls Despite Blowout Quarter Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Russia's Fancy Bear Attacks Microsoft, Adobe as Election Nears Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Note7 Crisis Opens Door to Major Doubts about the Company's Diagnosis of the Problem | Main | Apple wins an iPhone Camera Patent that Relates to Advancing its Zoom Functionality » October 10, 2016 Apple's iOS Adoption Rate Rockets to 67% in Under a Month On the first of October Patently Apple reported that Apple's iOS-10 adoption rate had hit 55% in the U.S. in just Weeks. An update today shows the adoption rate has climbed to 67% or more than two-thirds.Then again, that's based on Fiksu's latest data which differs from Apple's internal stats that are shown below.   You could track the iOS ecosystem with Fiksu. What you see above is data from millions of iPhones and iPads running Fiksu client apps. The live data updates on the site are available hourly, so the current stats are subject to change throughout the day. They're also interactive - you can select a range to zoom in, or turn each data series on and off by clicking on the names in the legend on the right.   Tom Cummings, VP New Market Strategy, Fiksu DSP told TechCrunch that "We've never seen this kind of acceleration in the adoption curve for an iOS upgrade. After a lackluster first two weeks, a combination of increased emphasis by Apple and improved user confidence in iOS 10 is pushing adoption rates to new heights. It is likely that users were hesitant to update to iOS 10 during the initial weeks as news of bugs and malfunctions surfaced," he added.   On the flip side, if you don't use Fisku client apps, we turn to Apple's official latest stats that show us that overall, the adoption rates is at 54% which is almost identical to the initial stats from AppLovin that we reported on back the first of October.    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 10, 2016 at 12:22 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt For Apple iWork to Succeed, It Has to Play Nice with the Ecosystem By Morten Brøgger | Oct 10, 2016 CHANNEL: Digital Workplace During Apple's special event last month, the Cupertino, Calif.-based company made several big announcements that got lost in the hubbub surrounding the iPhone 7’s lack of a headphone jack. During the event, Apple VP of product marketing Susan Prescott announced a major update to iWork — a significant foray into the enterprise.  Apple’s iWork applications (including Pages, Numbers and Keynote) now enable real-time collaboration, a game-changing move that makes Apple products far more relevant for the digital workforce and pits it squarely against Google G Suite.  But will Apple’s bid to become an enterprise collaboration provider prove successful? What It Will Take for Apple to Compete in Collaboration Enterprise collaboration doesn't just mean sharing documents.  The projects and files that professionals collaborate on is the digital core of their business, and services like Google Drive become the foundation for all of a company’s daily activities.  From that perspective, choosing a collaboration solution is a major business decision. If Apple wants to become a platform of choice for enterprise audiences, it will need to prove its ability to support corporate needs. Enterprises run on ecosystems, which means integrations are key to the success of any company making business software. For a networked enterprise, collaboration means being able to work with customers, partners and other external organizations, as well as internal systems.  A large part of Google’s success thus far is because of its universal accessibility. If Apple wants to truly compete, it will need to support the software that business people already rely on and give them the flexibility to interact with other solutions and aspects of the collaboration ecosystem. In Enterprise Collaboration, Value Comes From Accessibility One of the most important assets of any collaborative platform is its universal accessibility: its ability to facilitate work between co-workers, customers and partners. This is especially important for businesses that regularly interact with their customers.  When collaborating externally, enterprises need to make the customer experience as seamless as possible, which often means working with customers on their terms. Forrester predicts that within the next few years customer-activated communication and collaboration (CACC) (paywall) will replace traditional unified communications and traditional internal collaboration strategies as the “glue” for customer experience.  Allowing customers to dictate their technology of choice helps companies address their needs as painlessly as possible. If iWork fails to integrate with other solutions, companies who rely on it will risk alienating their customer base — a risk not many will be willing to take. Other collaboration platforms have already grasped this. Integrations make shifting between Google G Suite, Box, Dropbox and Huddle frictionless for customers.  These ostensibly competitive solutions support one another because doing so enables users to interact with their customers more easily — which drives success of the entire ecosystem. Apple hasn’t always played nicely with its competitors.  Its products’ incompatibility with various popular software and services (such as Adobe Flash) have been notoriously frustrating for consumers, though never particularly devastating for the brand.  Enterprise audiences, however, won’t afford the company the same flexibility. Big businesses aren’t willing to ostracize customers or partners — nor will they be willing to abandon their existing IT solutions, which many companies have invested in heavily and rely on for business processes. The Evolving Function of Collaboration Technology IDC anticipates that the enterprise collaboration market will grow to $6.2 billion by 2019. The reason for the uptick is largely due to the shifting role of collaboration software, which has evolved to become a foundation for business operations.  Companies have started building processes around their collaboration solution, and many have invested significant resources into building these programs.  A recent Accenture study found that companies that build digital collaboration into their business processes save millions of dollars a year. A subsequent McKinsey survey found that companies using this networked approach improve customer and partner benefits by 600 percent. The number of enterprises taking this approach is climbing steadily every year.  Given the amount of dependency companies have on their existing collaboration platforms, iWork will find the most success by supplementing these platforms, becoming a welcome addition to the enterprise ecosystem. The Collaboration Industry Must ... Collaborate Faced with the challenge of maintaining its staggering growth, Apple has already made the enterprise a key area for market expansion.  In recent years, Apple has announced new partnerships with Cisco and IBM to make the proliferation of its devices grow among enterprise customers. These partnerships appear to lay the foundation for an Apple strategy that embraces the open ecosystem of enterprise collaboration. The company has also demonstrated its willingness to support outside services by increasing compatibility with other business software. In an interview last year, Apple CEO Tim Cook said, “We've turned up the volume on collaboration ... because it's so clear that in order for us to be incredibly successful we have to be the best collaborators in the world. The magic of Apple, from a product point of view, happens at this intersection of hardware, software and services. “  If Apple advances that drive to collaborate externally as well as internally, there might just be a place for the consumer giant in the enterprise after all. Title image "Sandbox" (CC BY 2.0) by permanently scatterbrained About the Author Morten is Huddle’s CEO. Based in San Francisco, Morten brings more than 20 years of experience in the technology industry and extensive go-to market and SaaS experience, spanning the US and European markets, to Huddle. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong 5 Places Where Social Collaboration Tools Help Business Processes Digital Hub Platforms Can Improve Enterprise Collaboration Microsoft Connects SharePoint Team Sites to Office 365 Groups 3 Things to Know Before You Hire Across State Lines Microsoft Teams Takes Aim at Slack, Other Collaboration Vendors Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags apple, iwork, enterprise collaboration, document collaboration, digital workplace, morten brogger   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 14 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2016 Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition view comments Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         iOS 10.1 beta 3 update now available for developers iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 10, 2016 20 shares 19 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Another week, another iOS 10.1 beta release. Apple today unleashed iOS 10.1 beta 3 to its registered developers. The update is available over the air by going into Settings > General > Software Update, or through Apple’s Developer Center website.  Because the iOS 10.1 beta 3 release is just now rolling out, it’s unclear exactly what tweaks might be included. It’s likely focused on ironing out bugs and improving performance ahead of the public iOS 10.1 release. When iOS 10.1 does roll out to the public — Apple hasn’t said when that’ll happen — it’ll include the Portrait Mode feature for the iPhone 7 Plus that blurs the background of an image to give it a bokeh effect. iOS 10.1 beta 3 isn’t yet available to public testers in the Apple Beta Software Program. If this release is anything like the past two beta updates, though, public testers should get iOS 10.1 beta 3 in the coming days. Source:  MacRumors iOS Apple Previous ArticleAmazon Music Unlimited streaming service launches, priced at $7.99 per month for Prime members Next ArticleEvents from Facebook app will help you find stuff to do Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Sprint and Best Buy are the latest to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 Maybe Samsung should ditch the Note brand completely Cyanogen Inc. announces Modular OS program, executive reorganization US Cellular suspending sales of the Galaxy Note 7 View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 4 days 16 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 1 week 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 1 day ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone T-Mobile wants you to bring the Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple seeds tvOS 10.0.1 beta 3 to developers Apple seeds tvOS 10.0.1 beta 3 to developers October 10, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Alongside various other betas, today Apple seeds its third tvOS 10.0.1 beta to developers. We’re not sure what’s new in tvOS 10.0.1 but we’ll keep the post updated if any notable changes are found. It’s highly not recommended to run this beta as it may cause problems with your Apple TV down the road. However, to proceed: head to Apple’s Developer portal and download the necessary profile to your Mac or PC. Plug the device in via the USB-C port on the back of your Apple TV and fire up iTunes. From there, tap Option (Mac) / Shift (Windows) + Update and select the profile. Once completed, head over to your Apple TV’s settings > system > Software Update. If it does not appear, reboot your Apple TV and it should prompt you to update. If you spot anything interesting, be sure to leave us a comment below! Tags: Apple TV, Developers, tvOS, tvOS 10, tvOS 10.0.1, tvOS 10.0.1 beta, tvOS 10.0.1 beta 3 About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 3 to developers Apple starts accepting donations for people affected by Hurricane Matthew → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Seeds Third Developer Beta of iOS 10.1, tvOS 10.0.1, and Xcode 8.1 Updated GO iOS 10.1 will introduce Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus Oct 10, 2016 17:25 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Just a few minutes ago, Apple seeded the third Developer Beta of its upcoming iOS 10.1 mobile operating system for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch devices, tvOS 10.0.1 operating system for Apple TV devices, and Xcode 8.1 IDE (Integrated Developer Environment). Tagged as build 14B71 of iOS 10.1 Beta 3, build 14U69 for tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 3, and build 8T47 for Xcode 8.1 Beta 3, the new Beta milestones are now available for you to download on your registered devices through your Apple Developer account if you are an application developer creating apps for iOS or tvOS. As usual, the new Beta of iOS 10.1 is available for the same supported iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch devices that work with iOS 10.0, and tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 3 must be installed on a 4th generation Apple TV, as the 3rd generation Apple TV devices and earlier models are no longer supported. To deploy these Beta builds, you'll need to install the configuration profile directly on your device. After that, you'll receive OTA updates for the following Betas. Please note that Xcode 8.1 beta 3 includes the SDKs for iOS 10.1 Beta, tvOS 10.0.1 Beta, macOS 10.12.1 Sierra Beta, and watchOS 3.1 Beta, and requires OS X 10.11.5 or later. New Public Betas coming soon As expected, 24 hours after announcing new Developer Beta builds for its upcoming iOS 10.1 and tvOS 10.0.1 operating systems, Apple also seeds new Public Beta versions for the rest of the world to install and send feedback about any issues they might discover. However, we don't recommend installing them if you're looking for a stable experience. If you decide to jump into the Beta bandwagon, we strongly recommend reading our in-depth "Here's How to Install iOS 10 Public Beta on Your iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch" and "Here's How to Install macOS Sierra 10.12 Public Beta on Your Mac Right Now" tutorial for all the technical details on how to install the Public Betas of iOS and macOS. Update: Apple seeded the Public Beta 3 of iOS 10.1 for supported iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch devices. Therefore, if you want to install it, you'll need to use the turorial mentioned above. We remind you that the iOS 10.1 point release introduces Portrait camera support for the new iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. #iOS 10.1 Beta 3#tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 3#Xcode 8.1 Beta 3#Apple#iPhone 7 Plus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Co-Founder: No Headphone Jack on iPhone 7 Because Few People Used It iPhone Sales Likely to Drop This Year Before New Boom in 2017 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Explodes in the Middle of the Night While Charging Bezel-Less iPhone 8 Previewed by New Sharp Concept Phone 5 Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive Vendetta Online 1.8.396 MMORPG Released for Linux, Mac, Windows, and Android Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background    iOS 10.1 Beta 3 released new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments More Evidence Shows iPhone 8 Could Feature Revolutionary Wireless Charging more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Enterprises Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple battles Samsung at US Supreme Court as smartphone wars start to wane  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Enterprises Apple Apple Apple battles Samsung at US Supreme Court as smartphone wars start to wane PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 11 October, 2016, 12:29am UPDATED : Tuesday, 11 October, 2016, 1:04pm Comments:   Bloomberg Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Samsung Electronics Related Articles Business Here’s what we can learn from Apple’s decision to kill the 3.5mm audio jack on the iPhone 4 Nov 2016 Lifestyle Apple doubles down on running with Nike-edition smartwatch 4 Nov 2016 Lifestyle Microsoft takes aim at Apple with high-end PCs and 3D software 4 Nov 2016 The end of the smartphone wars is almost here. Six years after Apple filed its first lawsuit alleging unauthorised copying of the iPhone, the company will square off at the US Supreme Court Tuesday against rival Samsung Electronics Co. They will argue over how much of a US$399 million patent infringement award Samsung must pay. The fight will be one of the last showdowns between two antagonists that have filed four dozen lawsuits against each other and spent hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees. Samsung says the award, which represents its entire profit from 11 disputed phones, is a “disproportionate” sum for infringement of Apple’s patented design features. Apple says the full award is warranted given Samsung’s “blatant copying” of the iPhone’s iconic look. The case comes as both companies grapple with more pressing legal concerns -- Apple’s $15 billion European tax fight and Samsung’s exploding-battery crisis. It will be the Supreme Court’s first examination in 120 years of design patents, which cover the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect. The court last looked at design patents in disputes involving spoon handles in the 1870s and carpets in the 1890s. Apple and Samsung probably need each other — these curved screens show why Apple’s design patents cover the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view. A federal appeals court upheld the award, saying US patent law lets Apple recoup Samsung’s total profit from the phones, and not just the part attributable to the copied design. In urging the Supreme Court to take up the appeal, Samsung said the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup-holder. Apple rejects that analogy, saying that its patented features are more like the design of the entire car. The case has narrowed since the high court accepted it in March. In court papers, Apple says it accepts that in some cases the patent holder can collect only the profit attributable to a particular component, and not the earnings from the entire product. Apple says, however, that Samsung failed to show that the patented designs applied only to part of its phones. Samsung contends that it was Apple’s burden to show that the infringement gave Samsung any increased profits. Google starts big ad push touting new Pixel phone in fight with Apple and Samsung The case “has essentially now devolved into a dispute over what party showed what at trial and who bears the burden of proof,” said Kannon Shanmugam, a Washington lawyer who filed a brief backing Samsung on behalf of companies including Facebook and Google. Even so, the amount of money at issue, as well as the public-relations impact, means the stakes are still high for Apple and Samsung. The Supreme Court could uphold the award, invalidate it entirely or order a new trial on the amount of damages. Its ruling will also affect Apple’s effort to win another $180 million from Samsung for five devices that have already been found to be infringing. Samsung already paid Apple the $399 million, plus another $150 million for infringing a patent on “pinch to zoom” technology. In a separate case, a federal appeals court last week reinstated a $120 million verdict against Samsung in a suit involving Apple’s slide-to-unlock feature. Apple filed its first smartphone suit against HTC Corp. in 2010. It quickly developed into a global battle against every major manufacturer of phones running on Google’s Android operating system. In the end, Apple never succeeded in getting any disputed devices off the market because the phones evolved faster than the courts could act. HTC eventually signed an agreement not to copy the iPhone, while Motorola Mobility, then owned by Google, simply declared a cease-fire. Apple and Samsung opted in 2014 to drop all but two of the cases. A Supreme Court decision clarifying how much Samsung should pay could be the catalyst for a final settlement, though it won’t be easy, said Paul Berghoff, a Chicago patent lawyer with McDonnell Boehnen Hulbert & Berghoff LLP who has been watching the case but isn’t involved in it. “Sometimes once litigants have been battling for so long, what happens is they develop levels of enmity and distrust on both sides that make it very difficult to settle the cases,” he said. “Face-saving is a very real issue for all companies. It’s hard to get out of it once you’re in it.”   Most Popular Viewed 1 Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US 2 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 3 Young professor blazes trail for Hong Kong scientists in mainland China as she shines light on puzzle that eluded Einstein 4 Elon Musk’s surprise unveiling of Tesla’s ‘solar roof’ 5 After stealth fighters and jumbo jets at Zhuhai Air Show, China’s ‘secret weapon’: jet engines Shared 1 Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US 2 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 3 Young professor blazes trail for Hong Kong scientists in mainland China as she shines light on puzzle that eluded Einstein 4 Elon Musk’s surprise unveiling of Tesla’s ‘solar roof’ 5 China’s giant FAST radio telescope to join hunt for extraterrestrial intelligence Commented 1 Four arrested after violence at thousands-strong rally over Beijing’s review of Basic Law 2 Hong Kong independence activists barred from Legco as Beijing says its oath ruling does not harm judicial independence 3 Beijing taking ‘appropriate’ action in Hong Kong oath saga: Zhang 4 Hong Kong landlord launches ‘space capsule’ homes for rent 5 Interpretation of Basic Law ‘a way for Beijing to undermine power of Hong Kong’s judiciary, Legco’ Promotions Register your FREE copy of Home Essentials 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China China's arms industry showcases latest weapons at Zhuhai air show Nov 6th 2016, 8:04pm Out on the town: experiencing Macau is far from a gamble In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 [SCMP Archive] Jazzing up the campus Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 19 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Nov 5th 2016, 12:54pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.

9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 10 AAPL: 116.05 1.99 Apple releases iOS 10.1 beta 3 with Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus, third tvOS 10.0.1 beta Zac Hall - 1 month ago @apollozac iOS 10 tvOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the third iOS 10.1 beta which includes the Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus that applies a DSLR-like blur effect over photos using the dual lens system. iOS 10.1 beta 3 is available to registered developers. A public beta of iOS 10.1 for non-developers is also currently active. tvOS 10.0.1 beta 3 for Apple TV is also available for developers. Portrait mode is a feature that was demonstrated at Apple’s keynote earlier this month, but the major new feature wasn’t ready for primetime when the iPhone 7 Plus initially launched. Portrait still isn’t in the release versions of iOS, but developer and public betas released last month include a beta version of the feature which works well already. Aside from Portrait mode, we noted the changes includes in the first beta last month: There’s a new toggle setting in Accessibility called Auto-play Message Effects. This is related to Reduce Motion disabling Messages bubble and screen effects but the functionality does not seem to be implemented yet. According to the developer release notes, iOS 10.1 includes a fix for motion handling. Developers will be able to access barometric pressure data for iPad Air 2, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro. For the impressive new Portrait mode in Camera, we went hands on with the new feature using the beta in our initial walkthrough. I also wrote about the new feature here. Check out Jeff Benjamin’s video demonstration below: The previous version, iOS 10.1 beta 2, included changes to Messages and other bug fixes. We’ll update with any new changes found in the second beta so stay tuned. Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump NAFTA Supermoon Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement U.S. stocks rise as energy companies and Apple move higher People walk past the electronic board showing the Nikkei stock index, left, in Tokyo, Thursday, June 16, 2016. (AP / Shuji Kajiyama) Marley Jay, The Associated Press Published Monday, October 10, 2016 1:38AM EDT Last Updated Monday, October 10, 2016 12:47PM EDT NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks are rising Monday as energy companies rise in tandem with the price of oil, which is trading at a three-month high. Apple is climbing after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. That's sending technology stocks higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 97 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 18,337 as of 12:40 p.m. Eastern time. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,164. The Nasdaq composite added 41 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,333. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.33, or 2.7 per cent, to $51.14 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.13, or 2.2 per cent, to $53.06 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.56, or 1.8 per cent, to $88.30 and Murphy Oil added 64 cents, or 2.2 per cent, to $30.16. SHOT IN THE ARM: Drugmaker Mylan gained $3.11, or 8.7 per cent, to $39.05. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 per cent since late August. BRISTOL BUMPED: Bristol-Myers Squibb lost $5.55, or 10 per cent, to $49.89 after the company reported new data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 per cent, to $63.91 as investors were pleased with the outcome of a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 per cent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August while Merck has gained 10 per cent. TWITTER BLOCKED: Social media network Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.67, or 13.5 per cent, to $17.18. It fell 20 per cent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.25, or 6 per cent, to $75.16. SAMSUNG'S PAIN, APPLE'S GAIN: Apple climbed $2.24, or 2 per cent, to $116.30 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. PESOS AND PRESIDENTS: The Mexican peso surged to 18.8815 from 19.2961 following a calamitous weekend for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weak when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 per cent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. The peso has fallen sharply this year but is currently the strongest it's been in about a month. DOVER DIVES: Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $4.93, or 6.8 per cent, to $67.31. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX rose 1.3 per cent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 per cent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 per cent. Japan's markets were closed for a holiday. CURRENCY: The dollar rose to 103.66 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1152 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2383 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Montreal: A shocking fine Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV's Question Period for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News Channel: Candidates receive threats Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Chaos as millions in India crowd banks to exchange currency Lego won't advertise in Britain's Daily Mail anymore Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Weekly with Andrew McCreath for Friday, November 11, 2016 _ WATCH: Darren Sissons' Top Picks _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Samsung _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Walt Disney CTV News Video Network false At least two dead as 7.8 magnitude quake hits New Zealand CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 3 2 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win 1 3 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday 2 4 Kellie Leitch: 'I am not a racist' 2 5 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to White House roles 8 6 Missing Sask. girl found dead; Amber Alert cancelled 4 7 Anti-Trump protesters march by tens of thousands nationwide 7 8 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss 9 Crowdfunding campaign for mother of slain Sask. girl raises more than $23K 10 Dave Chappelle, 'SNL' give thoughtful coda to election 1 Don't Miss false Couple shocked after $441 fine for not registering dog false Special gift: Remembrance Day act of kindness creates bond false Moon's orbit to be closest to Earth since 1948 You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Final work underway to lift sunken tug off B.C. coast Justin Trudeau tastes refugee family's chocolate after N.S. meet-and-greet Wildfire inspires Atla. man to build lightweight flame-busting water cannon WORLD Trump puts flame-throwing outsider on the inside Colombia tries again for peace with sides signing new accord Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years ENTERTAINMENT Leonard Cohen's son Adam thanks public for support following singer's death Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville 'Challenging language:' Edmonton academic studies versions of 1st Inuit novel HEALTH Three arthritis pain drugs prove safe for the heart It's not all in the genes: Clean living can cut heart risks Mother skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at treatment centre POLITICS Conservative leadership rivals debate best path to reviving party fortunes Trudeau hopes to attract billions in private capital for infrastructure projects 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win SCI-TECH At $800K a pop, new U.S. Navy destroyer's ammo is in question $12.9B, 4.5 acres: Navy's next-generation aircraft carrier 'Enjoy the super moonlight': Extra-special celestial treat happening Monday BUSINESS Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Unlimited vacation: The ultimate work perk, but experts warn of pitfalls Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week SPORTS Jenning's late TD helps Lion beat Bombers in West semifinal Goydos wins Champions finale, Langer takes season title Usain Bolt to train with German soccer team Borussia Dortmund AUTOS Why the sky could be the limit for this Ferrari 250 GTO Porsche to stretch the appeal of the Panamera in LA Toronto police halt new 'militaristic' cars after council steps in Lifestyle Male MPs with kids work hard to mix fatherhood with politics American millennial on track to break world record for visiting every country on earth Norwegian grandmaster adds sex appeal to chess CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go: Sunday, Nov. 13. 2016 Thousands call for South Korea's president to resign Russia clears 4,000 Nazi-era bombs in Crimea In Pictures   Lest we Forget: Remembrance Day marked in Canada Leonard Cohen, a life in pictures 'Not my president': Anti-Trump protests erupt Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
null
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.0.1 to Developers Monday October 10, 2016 11:01 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the third beta of tvOS 10.0.1 to developers for testing purposes, one week after releasing the second tvOS 10.0.1 beta and a month after releasing the tvOS 10 update. tvOS 10.0.1 has been in testing since September 21. Designed for the fourth-generation Apple TV, the tvOS 10.0.1 beta can be obtained by connecting the Apple TV to a computer with a USB-C to USB-A cable, downloading and installing the software from a registered developer account via iTunes or Apple Configurator. Once a beta profile has been installed on the device through iTunes, new beta updates will be available over the air. No obvious outward-facing features were discovered in the first two tvOS 10.0.1 betas, so it's likely the update focuses on bug fixes and under-the-hood performance improvements to address issues discovered since the release of the first version of tvOS 10. Single sign-on, a feature that will allow Apple TV users to sign in once with their cable credentials to access all live cable content included in a cable subscription, does not appear to be included in this beta and will be introduced in the future. tvOS 10 brings improved search, expanded Siri capabilities, a new dark mode, a Continuity option for using the iPhone for text input, automatic download of universal apps, easy access to live TV, and more. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Caution) 18 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Nunyabinez 5 weeks ago Single sign-on was the one thing I wanted in an update. Everything else I could have lived without. Rating: 6 Votes vertical smile 5 weeks ago It kind of sad that ATV news isn't on the front page, and is under "other" news. But, there has been plenty of Samsung news on the front page. I wished the ATV received more love, especially from Apple. Rating: 5 Votes bpeeps 5 weeks ago Single sign-on was the one thing I wanted in an update. Everything else I could have lived without. Yep, pretty sure this is what most of us wanted. Rating: 2 Votes ErikGrim 5 weeks ago Very disappointed that Apple seemingly lost interest in the new AppleTV as soon as it became clear that their content deals fell through. Rating: 1 Votes macUser2007 5 weeks ago Apple TV needs Amazon Prime, Google Play Music and Google Photos to be perfect. Rating: 1 Votes thisisnotmyname 5 weeks ago It kind of sad that ATV news isn't on the front page, and is under "other" news. But, there has been plenty of Samsung news on the front page. I wished the ATV received more love, especially from Apple. Unfortunately given that there are only six comments on this story it would seem that MacRumors users don't have love for the Apple TV either. Pity really, I really like Apple TV. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers 1 day ago on Front Page After entering the "Preparing for Shipment" stage on Thursday, the first wave of MacBook Pros with Touch Bars have begun shipping to customers for delivery next week. While Apple is quoting... 206 comments Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays 2 days ago on Front Page A day after the first 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bars began preparing for shipment to customers, Apple and LG's UltraFine 4K Display has begun shipping. Shipments are expected to... 191 comments AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 2 days ago on Front Page AT&T today announced a new "Stream Saver" feature, which it says is a "free and convenient" data-saving option that allows customers to watch more video by downgrading video... 112 comments AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities 2 days ago on Front Page Ever since Apple delayed the launch of its all-new AirPods beyond the late October timeframe it originally promised, saying it needed "a little more time" before they are ready for customers,... 147 comments Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will launch a trio of new iPad Pro models in March, including refreshed 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions and an all-new bezel-free 10.9-inch model, according to Barclays Research analysts Blayne... 204 comments Apple Said to Release Curved, Bezel-Free 5-Inch and 5.8-Inch iPhones Next Year 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will release new 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhones with curved, bezel-free designs next year, according to Barclays Research analysts Blayne Curtis, Christopher Hemmelgarn, Thomas O'Malley, and... 213 comments First Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Now Preparing for Shipment [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page The first 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro models equipped with a Touch Bar will soon be making it into the hands of customers, as initial MacBook Pro orders have shifted into the "Preparing for... 321 comments T-Rex, Hedgehog, Sandwich, Vampire and Zombie Among Emoji Proposed for 2017's Unicode 10 3 days ago on Front Page The Unicode Consortium today published the list of proposed emoji that could potentially be included in Unicode 10, set to be released in 2017, giving us a first glimpse at the emojis we might see... 172 comments • Apple Wins 'Gold' Customer Service Award From Twitter (36) • AirPods Will Launch Next Week Says European Reseller (180) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls For Unity in Memo to Staff Following Trump Victory (698) • Apple Debuts (PRODUCT)RED Solo3 Wireless Headphones and Beats Pill+ Speaker (104) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta for Public Beta Testers (62) • Apple Releases Updated Version of iOS 10.1.1 (103) • New MacBook Pro Has Already Outsold All Competing Laptops This Year (478)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: News \ ANOHNI Has Harsh Words for Apple, the “McDonald’s of Consumer High Tech” Kyle McGovern // October 10, 2016 Share < br />this article: ANOHNI performing at California's FYF Fest in 2016 CREDIT: Getty Images If you’re weary of the streaming wars and the various exclusivity deals that major corporations have struck with different artists, you’re not alone. ANOHNI has criticized the music industry at large—and Apple in particular—in a new interview with the artist-centric website the Creative Independent. Speaking with the site’s Editor-in-Chief, the singer-songwriter lamented the state of the music business, saying, “It’s just gotten worse and worse over the last 15 years. The income streams of musicians have all been upstreamed into the pockets of computer corporations. Sound recordings are little more than free crackerjacks inside every computer or cellphone that you buy.” The often-outspoken artist elaborated further: “Musicians have been stripped of the ability to effectively sell our music as an object. Now we are being herded into all these shady situations. So, now, say the focus of your music is social justice—social justice becomes a big part of your ‘brand.’ You do some TV shows and get lots of followers on Twitter. As soon as you have enough followers, the corporations come knocking to rent out your brand, which they then turn around and use as a pheromone to sell their products. You use that money to make a music video and pay your recording costs.” ANOHNI also acknowledged that she has participated in this system, referencing the fact that the video for “Drone Bomb Me”—the lead single from ANOHNI’s latest album, HOPELESSNESS—was put together in conjunction with Apple. “The ‘Drone Bomb Me’ video was paid for by Apple,” she admitted. “It was an experiment and a challenge for me. The record companies can’t afford to advance the whole cost for making the record anymore, let alone pay for an ambitious video. So after a lot of hemming and hawing I agreed to work with Apple on the video. I wanted the video to have a wider reach, and only Apple could offer me the resources to do so.” She added: “My being bought as a politically outspoken artist is a more potent advertising tool for Apple than a 100 more explicit ads. It creates the false aura for Apple of being cutting edge, of being artist advocates, of being innovative mavericks, of being environmentally friendly, of caring about people and communities, instead of being the McDonald’s of consumer high tech whose wealth was largely pilfered from what was once a biodiverse music industry … I felt like a house cat that had been declawed. Those are the terms of engagement now in the music industry. We really get what we deserve. I am sure we are already at a point where we are forfeiting important artistic voices as a consequence of this.” The entire interview may not be uplifting per se—at one point, ANOHNI says, “We have been played, it’s just the truth”—but it’s definitely an engaging read. Catch the whole conversation over at the Creative Independent. [Pitchfork] Tags: ANOHNI, Apple Music 1 Recommended for you \ Celebrating Pop Poetics: 25 Poets Who Draw Inspiration From Music Icons Neil Young’s Music Is Back on Spotify and Apple Music Video: ANOHNI – “Hopelessness” New Music: D.R.A.M. (Feat. Erykah Badu), “WiFi” Video: ANOHNI – “I Don’t Love You Anymore” Unofficial Remixes and DJ Sets Are Coming to Spotify and Apple Music Comments Reviews \ Read More » Review: Body/Head Draw Narrative From Noise on Impressive Live Album No Waves Review: Lambchop Wring Pathos and Humor Out of the Machine on FLOTUS Review: Cakes da Killa’s Hedonism Brings Lust and Rage to the Dance Floor Lady Gaga’s Newest Character Is a Dive Bar Queen Named Joanne Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks The 50 Best Albums of 2016 So Far The 100 Greatest David Bowie Moments The 66 Best Songs of 2016 So Far MOBILE SITE SPIN is a member of SpinMusic, a division of SpinMedia Group About Spin About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines Japan actor gives his all to play shogi master in ‘Satoshi’ Updated: 3 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — The devotion Kenichi Matsuyama gave to portraying a shogi prodigy who lived a fearlessly single-minded life is clear in the mon… 10 Things to Know for Monday Updated: 2 mins ago Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday: 1. TRUMP FILLS TWO KEY JOBS Republi… Japan’s economy grows 2.2 pct year-on-year in last quarter Updated: 13 mins ago Lawyers file motion to delay Trump University trial 9:12 pm Odor still lingers in Lackawanna, air quality deemed safe 8:57 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 49° F Clear Feels Like: 42° F Wind: SW 18 Humidity: 46% Dewpoint: 29° F Sunrise: 7:05 AM Sunset: 4:52 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 A Southern Tier family wants justice, not just for themselves, but for domestic violence victims across New York state. They think you shoul… EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Humboldt House cited for ‘rodent infestation’ issues August 9, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Justin Leon scores 17, Florida beats Mercer 76-54 Updated: 8 mins ago JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Justin Leon scored 17 points, KeVaughn Allen added 13 and Florida handled Mercer 76-54 on Sunday night. Playing in… SIU Edwardsville holds off Florida Atlantic, 77-68 Updated: 38 mins ago HONOLULU (AP) — Carlos Anderson and Jalen Henry combined to score 29 points and SIU Edwardsville won its second straight game in the Rainbow… Zaynah Robinson leads Norfolk State over Shenandoah 78-58 Updated: 58 mins ago No. 14 Miami women slip past Albany 77-53 Updated: 58 mins ago Oni, Downey lift Yale past Washington 98-90 Updated: 8 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 49° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 38° F Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply The Associated Press Published: October 10, 2016, 12:44 pm Updated: October 10, 2016, 11:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea’s benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea’s Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: “It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them,” Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Number of drug dependent babies in parts of WNY on track to double this year November 11, 2016 Hundreds of babies are expected to go through withdrawal this year as the opioid epidemic continues in Erie County. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.1 to Developers and Public Testers Monday October 10, 2016 10:59 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second iOS 10.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10 to the public. Registered developers can download the new iOS 10.1 beta from the Apple Developer Center or over-the-air once the proper configuration profile is installed. iOS 10.1 introduces a new "Portrait" mode for the iPhone 7 Plus that allows it to use the two built-in cameras to create shallow depth of field portrait photos with blurred backgrounds. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. To achieve the blurred look, the image signal processor in the iPhone 7 Plus uses the wide-angle camera to create a depth map, dissecting the different layers of the photo to decide what to blur. It works on people, pets, and objects, but does require good lighting to achieve the proper effect. The update also likely includes bug fixes and other under-the-hood improvements to address issues that have been uncovered since iOS 10 was released. iOS 10 has been described by Apple as the "biggest release ever" for iOS users, with features that include a redesigned Lock screen, a Siri SDK to allow third-party apps to integrate with Siri, and a completely overhauled Messages app with stickers, a full App Store, Digital Touch, Bubble Effects, and more. Other features include a dedicated "Home" app for HomeKit users, new facial and object recognition capabilities in Photos, and redesigned Maps and Apple Music apps. For more details on iOS 10, make sure to check out our iOS 10 roundup. Update: The third iOS 10.1 beta has also been released for Apple Beta Software Program members. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 206 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) citysnaps 5 weeks ago I can confirm with Beta 3 there still is that horrible shutting apps lag, I give up with Apple, my 7 Plus is a joke Why in the world are you playing with beta software then? Rating: 11 Votes Klae17 5 weeks ago Now everyone's going to be a "photographer." Rating: 9 Votes jonnyb098 5 weeks ago Now everyone's going to be a "photographer." Nah....Ive seen plenty of crummy phone pics. A real photographer can use any camera to take a creative image. [doublepost=1476119808][/doublepost] I can confirm with Beta 3 there still is that horrible shutting apps lag, I give up with Apple, my 7 Plus is a joke The lag is a like a quarter of a second. Get a life and enjoy the phone. Rating: 5 Votes ronmramsayii 5 weeks ago I can confirm with Beta 3 there still is that horrible shutting apps lag, I give up with Apple, my 7 Plus is a joke This is why it's a beta... a.... beta..... Rating: 5 Votes GastonM 5 weeks ago Does it fix the iPhone 7 animation lag when going back to the home screen? Rating: 4 Votes BornAgainMac 5 weeks ago Apple should put the video camera in Square mode by default whenever someone tries to shoot video in vertical mode. You should be forced to go into Settings to disable the square mode in vertical video recording mode in the extremely rare situations when you want to have vertical video. Rating: 4 Votes IBoB1973 5 weeks ago I can confirm with Beta 3 there still is that horrible shutting apps lag, I give up with Apple, my 7 Plus is a joke 0 lag here on my7 + im on my phone all day ..my wife or 2 sons haven't noticed any "lag" the 10.1 betas have been flipping great Rating: 4 Votes fenderbass146 5 weeks ago I haven't been following the beta track to much but I downgraded from iOS 10.0.2 to 10.0.1 because of how much my battery tanked. I don't plan on upgrading until I hear they resolved the battery issues with iOS 10.1.... whats the battery like on this and the earlier betas. Rating: 4 Votes rock6079 5 weeks ago Everything seems smooth on my 7+ :) Rating: 3 Votes C DM 5 weeks ago It's called planned obsolescence a.k.a. conspiracy theory Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 22 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 2 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today opened up a new section of its iOS App Store called "For Those Who Serve" in honor of Veterans Day today, November 11. The company said that the collection of apps within the new... 11 comments iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays 3 days ago on iOS Blog iPhone display supplier Japan Display is in "advanced talks" with the government-backed fund Innovation Network Corp. of Japan to receive around ¥75 billion ($703 million) in financing,... 9 comments New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 3 days ago on iOS Blog In September, Yahoo confirmed that at least 500 million of its users' accounts had been compromised during an attack in late 2014. Now, in a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange... 26 comments Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines 3 days ago on iOS Blog Snapchat's video-recording Spectacles became available to buy in the U.S. on Thursday, not online or in stores, but from pop-up vending machines. Called 'Snapbots', the giant... 18 comments Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes 3 days ago on Mac Blog Spotify's desktop music streaming app has been accused of putting an unnecessary burden on users' machines by continuously writing massive amounts of data to local storage, even when the app... 55 comments Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store 3 days ago on Mac Blog Apple over the past two days has started approving Mac App Store apps that have been updated with Touch Bar support on the new MacBook Pro. One of the first Touch Bar apps is OmniGraffle 7, a... 43 comments • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11) • Instagram Update Introduces Boomerang and User Mentions Into Stories (3) • Apple's Extended Holiday Return Policy Now in Effect (29) • Apple Maps Now Provides Traffic Conditions in Bulgaria, Slovakia, and Slovenia (11) • Apple TV Universal Search Now Includes MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed (5) • Best Buy Unveils Black Friday Deals on iPad, MacBook Air, Apple TV, and More (24) • Classic Strategy Game 'Rome: Total War' Now Available on iPad for $9.99 (8)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
ON NEWSSTANDS 106 Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / News Anohni Says She Regrets Selling “Drone Bomb Me” Video To Apple Music “The income streams of musicians have all been upstreamed into the pockets of computer corporations.” By Ben Dandridge-Lemco photographer Alex Thebez In a recent interview with The Creative Independent, Anohni spoke out against artist partnerships with multinational corporations, and expressed regret at having sold her "Drone Bomb Me" video to Apple Music. "It’s just gotten worse and worse over the last 15 years," she said about the state of the music industry. "The income streams of musicians have all been upstreamed into the pockets of computer corporations. Sound recordings are little more than free crackerjacks inside every computer or cellphone that you buy." Regarding her video for "Drone Bomb Me," a song in which she addresses a drone as a sentient being, Anohni addressed the contradictions inherent in allowing the visual to be funded by Apple. " It was an experiment and a challenge for me," she said. "The record companies can’t afford to advance the whole cost for making the record anymore, let alone pay for an ambitious video. So after a lot of hemming and hawing I agreed to work with Apple on the video. I wanted the video to have a wider reach, and only Apple could offer me the resources to do so." She continued: No one got paid to do that video except the hairdresser. The whole thing was done basically for free, just to make a product that we were then obliged to rent exclusively to Apple for a fraction of what they would had to have paid for it if they had framed it as an advertisement, which is of course what it was, though I didn’t want to admit it at the time. My being bought as a politically outspoken artist is a more potent advertising tool for Apple than a 100 more explicit ads. It creates the false aura for Apple of being cutting edge, of being artist advocates, of being innovative mavericks, of being environmentally friendly, of caring about people and communities, instead of being the McDonalds of consumer high tech whose wealth was largely pilfered from what was once a biodiverse music industry. How brilliant is that? All of us pitching in as if we were working for a charity, and Apple, one of the biggest companies in the world, walks with an ad. I felt like a house cat that had been declawed. Those are the terms of engagement now in the music industry. We really get what we deserve. I am sure we are already at a point where we are forfeiting important artistic voices as a consequence of this. Representatives for Anohni and Apple Music were not immediately available for comment. ADVERTISEMENT Read "Anohni At Boiling Point" From The FADER. October 10, 2016 Anohni, Electronic, Pop Read full story music / News Anohni Says She Regrets Selling “Drone Bomb Me” Video To Apple Music Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Field Reps Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 106 Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2016 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     US Supreme Court to tackle the outcome of monster Apple vs. Samsung lawsuit tomorrow By Christian Zibreg, Oct 10, 2016 Tweet 18 Comments Samsung is on the hook for $399 million in damages owed to Apple for stealing its patented iPhone designs in what’s become the first legal battle over design patents in nearly 120 years. A typical design patent covers the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect. According to Bloomberg this morning, the United States Supreme Court will determine the outcome of the monster Apple v. Samsung lawsuit on Tuesday, October 11. Apple’s patented iPhone designs cover the rounded corners, the rim that surrounds the front face of the phone and the grid of icons that users see on their Home screen. The two technology giants will argue over how much of the $399 million patent infringement award Samsung must pay to Apple. Naturally, the South Korean conglomerate will seek to overturn the entire $399 million ruling. Samsung has already urged the Supreme Court to take up its appeal, saying the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup-holder. From the article: Samsung says the award, which represents its entire profit from 11 disputed phones, is a “disproportionate” sum for infringement of Apple’s patented design features. Apple says the full award is warranted given Samsung’s “blatant copying” of the iPhone’s iconic look. “Apple rejects that analogy, saying that its patented features are more like the design of the entire car,” writes the news gathering organization. The Cupertino firm admitted in court documents that in certain cases the patent holder can indeed collect only the profit attributable to a particular component rather than the earnings from the entire product. However, Apple argues that Samsung did not show that patented iPhone designs applied only to part of its Galaxy phones. Samsung contends that it was Apple’s burden to show that the infringement gave it any increased profits. A federal appeals court upheld the $399 million award earlier, explaining in its ruling that U.S. patent law lets Apple recoup Samsung’s total profit from the phones rather than just the part attributable to the copied design. Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated that Samsung owes Apple $119.6 million in the slide-to-unlock lawsuit verdict. This just serves to exemplify that the Apple-Samsung legal battle has been dragging on for years now as iOS does not even use the slide-to-unlock gesture anymore. Apple filed its first lawsuit alleging unauthorized copying of the iPhone six years ago. Since then, Apple and Samsung filed four dozen lawsuits against each other and spent hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Court rules iPhone looks can’t be protected, adjusts Samsung’s $930 million penalty Apple’s case against Samsung gets support from Dieter Rams, Calvin Klein & other designers Apple wins US sales ban on outdated Samsung phones that are no longer sold Seoul court rules that iPhone 4s and iPad 2 don’t infringe on Samsung’s patents Related Topics Apple, Design, iPhone, Lawsuit, Legal, Patents, Samsung Jesse Samsung is having an awesome week, aren’t they? kumaran Again…In USA apple win all court cases…in the rest of the world Samsung does. this is just ridiculous. This happens only in the USA. This is an American fascism. And American FASCIST Business. It’s an Apple Supreme Court… What a shame. leart so basically you are saying that stealing from others hard work, design and research, it’s okay. amazing .. so in this world only material things it’s okay to pay for, all intellectual and research work its just capitalism and fascist business … mother of god, go and buy a Samsung becouse you deserve a overpriced copy of the iphone.. be aware of the fire Joshua The-Legend Wiebe *because leart https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fc306d0493de80c9051d5eab7ec9bb63dd050380e8747702a887af4373491cdb.jpg igorsky Let me save you some effort…he’s an idiot. Vince Turnone Is it Apples fault “the rest of the world” (mainly Asia), doesn’t respect patented technology. I believe Apple should get more than the total earnings from those products because it set forth the momentum that Samsung has had with Android. What about Xiaomi? I assume there’s nothing wrong with their business model either? Rowan09 I agree. Samsung was a joke before the Galaxy devices. Shinonuke It was a joke. Their profits allow Samsung R&D on better galaxy phones. Only model that I felt was better was S6 and on. Apparently, Samsung didn’t make as money as some claim since it took so long to finally develop something worthy of using Jackson Here’s the thing… I hate iPhones, but I won’t deny that it was Apple who nailed it with what can arguably be called the first legitimate full featured smartphone. But after they set that standard how was ANYONE supposed to keep up? If Apple wants to sure over the UI then maybe it’s Google they should go after seeing as how they own the Android operating system and continue to design it with these features. Aside from that the designs of the Samsung phones looks like every other post-iphone product out there with the exception of a few. JohnS Samsung has long sought to distinguish itself from other Android offerings and to wean itself from Google’s Iron control of the platform. But the problem is that they arn’t very good at coming up with original ideas and their attempts to create apps and interfaces that they feel one up Android, and often times they are the results of blatant rip offs of Apple. As you pointed out, almost every lawsuit Apple makes these days is against Samsung and not against Android. The simple reason for this is because Samsung is stealing ideas that Google is not. When you ask how people can be expected to keep up why not look at windows? While I personally am not a fan of WP, several of my friends have switched from iPhone to WP and love it. And despite my aesthetic qualms with it, I do have to praise Microsoft for being original. The live tiles/icons and even the entire interface was very different from what anyone was doing before. In fact, you could argue that in many ways Microsoft pioneered the whole modern minimalistic trend with minimalistic design appearing even back in the days of the Zune and that Google and Apple are now being “inspired” by it with Google Material and iOS 7’s esthetics. The point is, Microsoft has done an excellent job of creating something that isn’t a rip off of anyone’s mobile offerings. And from what I hear is that many of the people that use it love it. Granted the 3rd party app support isn’t great, but it runs more efficiently than android and continues to innovate year after year. Moral of the story is you don’t need to steal ideas to stay relevant. You need to be able to think for yourself. If you can’t do that you should license those ideas, hire people capable of coming up with original ideas or get out of the business. Competition is only healthy if people are all bringing ideas to the table to compete with. It turns toxic when someone starts cheating the system by offering knockoffs of those ideas. Jackson I don’t necessarily disagree with what you’re saying, you bring up a lot of good points… I’m not a fan of Windows phones by a long shot but the UI is definitely original. However the basic physical designs of most Windows phones incorporate some of the very same changes made by all smartphone manufacturers post-iphone. Look at the pre-iphone Samsung devices in the picture above…. They don’t resemble any modern smartphone I’ve ever seen. The same goes for every other company for the time, EVERYONE had to step it up after the iPhone 1. Samsung phones may more closely resemble the iPhone than other Android phones but the majority of other manufacturers also made almost identical changes. Apple is also suing over the basic UI of these phones, but the features they are upset about are not all Samsung creations. Many of them are core features of Android. I’m not denying that Samsung copies Apple. I’m just denying that it matters. They may be the MOST guilty but all the changes made seem to represent future industry standards such as the fingerprint reader that they had to redesign because it infringed on Apple’s copyrights. Now it’s becoming a standard. And let’s be real… Do you honeStly believe that rounded corners are a design feature that should even be patented in the first place? It may have been relevant at the time they were filed but not anymore JohnS You’re right in that once you remove a keyboard from a phone you start to end up with something that looks a lot more similar to iPhone by necessity. However you’ll notice the lawsuit isn’t about 1 thing but a collection of things. Another important thing to notice is the timing. Apple went to Samsung in secrecy with partial plans to the new iPhone to see if Samsung could build it for them. To which Samsung agreed. It’s shockingly ironic though that immediately after seeing Apple’s designs for a new smartphone they had the “same ideas” and announced a very Apple like concept only 10 days after Apple. This lawsuit isn’t about rounded corners but about the whole package. every element of it coming together to try to make the case the Samsung used it’s unique position in the word of tech to steal ideas brought to them to manufacture and release those ideas themselves as their own. HTC sued Samsung for this same issue as well. Although they got screwed over even worse in that after they gave their designs to Samsung, they were told several months later that Samsung had over committed and wouldn’t be able to build their parts for them. Shocked and left scrambling to find someone else to build it for them, they were horrified when Samsung released those new features in that year’s Galaxy phone when it was HTC’s ideas originally meant for their phones. In a sense, Samsung’s claims of “the next big thing is already here” is more true and devious than most people know. So no, I don’t believe that Apple should sue someone because they have rounded corners on a phone. And Apple doesn’t either or they would have sued everyone by now. It’s more like owning a copyright on a translation. You can’t have two companies that translate the same writing and then sue each other because they both start with “Once upon a time”. But if there are too many similarities (large word for word passages) that indicate plagiarism then you better believe a lawsuit can happen and it’s the same here. The design package is just that. A package. And Samsung has copied so many parts of it from day 1 that Apple’s arguing that it’s impossible that it’s coincidence. JohnS If you want to see proof of the damages Apple claims happened take a look at the comment by AwesomeSauce below in which he said, “Remember the iPhone wouldn’t even exist if it weren’t for the Samsung Prada, the phone that changed the industry”. He is proof that this muddied the waters. What should have been an indisputable fact that Apple changed the phone industry as we know it is in question thanks to Samsung’s actions and since the Prada released so close to Apple’s iPhone you’d better believe that there were people that bought it over the iPhone. Not to mention that Samsung has been Apple’s biggest competitor ever since. AwesomeSauce Well Samsung should counter sue Apple for copying TouchWiz’s uniform icons and folders. They should also sue the sh*t out of Apple for copying SamsungPay and the home button fingerprint sensor. Remember the iPhone wouldn’t even exist if it weren’t for the Samsung Prada, the phone that changed industry. JohnS You may want to fact check just a few of your claims. First of all, Apple unveiled the iPhone BEFORE Samsung unveiled the Prada. So it is very difficult for me to understand how a phone that was shown to the world after iPhone is responsible for the design of iPhone. Can you explain this to me? Also, I have no idea what you mean by Apple copied Samsung uniform icons and folders. Every single icon on iOS is the same size and shape. While on the Samsung every icon can be different. Whether it’s the round icon of Chrome, or the square icon of Facebook, or the bag shaped icon of the play store or the hashtag shaped icon of the Slack app, etc. So what consistency are you talking about? In fact if you want to talk about copying then perhaps we could take a step back and ask what computer company was responsible for bringing the idea of a GUI with icons that represented programs the world to begin with? That would not be Samsung my friend, that would be Apple 😛 Also, Apple announced Apple Pay on September 9th 2014, Samsung Pay didn’t come out until September the following year. However even the earliest Korean only version of Samsung Pay wasn’t announced until 9 months after Apple introduced Apple Pay. So I’m not sure where you get your information from, but looking at the dates cited in Apple’s and Samsung’s press releases I’d say that Samsung disagrees with you on all of your points. igorsky 1. The “uniform icons and folders” design was released by Apple before Samsung. 2. TouchID and Apple Pay were released before Samsung Pay. Thanks for posting and announcing to everyone, in public, that you’re an Apple-hating idiot. WvB22 Well suddenly it seems that this lawsuit isn’t Samsung’s biggest problem. It’s just estimated that the discontinued Note 7 might cost the company some 17 billion dollars. And a lot of reputation damage. I’ve always hated Apple for being so careful about putting real big capacity batteries in their phones but maybe it’s for a real good reason and are we already within the limits of safe lithium-ion batteries. Getting burns of the battery is bad enough but it’s a disaster if a phone burns in mid flight on an airplane. I’ve seen videos of burning smartphones and it’s bizarre how fast those things will set other things on fire.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     iPhone 6 “Touch Disease” class action suit gets support from three additional law firms By Christian Zibreg, Oct 10, 2016 Tweet 32 Comments Class action lawsuit pertaining to an iPhone 6 Plus hardware flaw, referred to as “Touch Disease,” has gained support from three additional law firms. Motherboard reports that lawyers who filed the original class action complaint have now signed on three additional law firms to support their case. An additional “Touch Disease” class action suit has been filed against Apple in Utah and there is also a similar class action suit in Canada. Back in August, web reports backed by analysis from iFixit alleged that some iPhone 6 owners were seeing a flickering bar at the top of the screen while their device’s touchscreen display became unresponsive. iFixit attributed the issue to a hardware defect. Apple has not responded to the issue and customers who have contacted the company about it were allegedly instructed to buy new phones. Replacing the display does not fix the underlying issue because it’s caused by a pair of touch controller chips coming loose from the phone’s logic board. Apple does not perform logic board repairs for consumers and has instead replaced touch diseased iPhone 6 Pluses with $329 refurbished ones, “some of which are showing symptoms of touch disease within days or weeks of being replaced.” “The flaw is believed to be related to the phone’s larger form factor and unreinforced logic board, which can cause it to flex or bend even under normal use—you may remember Bendgate from when the phone was first released,” explains Motherboard. We at least know that Apple is aware of these class action suits. In a September 20 filing in the Utah case, Apple wrote that it has requested an “extension of time to respond to the Complaint.” The company has since requested that the separate “Touch Disease” class action suits be merged into one. “Given the similarity between the Utah and California actions, it would unnecessarily tax judicial resources if these actions were to proceed in separate class action lawsuits—especially where the Utah and California Plaintiffs purport to represent the same putative class of all consumers who purchased an iPhone 6 or 6 Plus,” wrote Apple’s lawyers. One attorney in the California case has been contacted by a whopping 10,000 people asking to join the suit. Motherboard claims that “five separate current and former Apple Geniuses have confirmed” to them that the Cupertino firm is actually aware of the problem, but “won’t tell customers about it”. For how much longer can Apple get away with pretending like “Touch Disease” doesn’t exist, do you think? Source: Motherboard Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Law firm moving forward with class action lawsuit over ‘Error 53’ iPhone bricking Error 53: Apple could get sued over iPhone bricking Dutch court rules against replacing a user’s defective iPhone 6s with a refurbished unit Patent troll hits Apple with a new lawsuit targeting iPhone battery technologies Related Topics Apple, iPhone, iPhone 6, Issue, Lawsuit, Legal, News, Touchscreen stylesbeyond shouldn’t be apples problem its the muppets to bend their phones simple burge Let me give you a screen shot of the bit you didn’t read. The part about normal use. 10000 signed up to this and I bet there is more that’s been effected by this and I bet they haven’t all bent their devices. It’s also the normal size i6 and they don’t bend that easy. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b4b3a6668d38825a2770a9e6ee52a34a3e36d90d67cbce545d41b96e38b56881.png Joaquim N. Don’t feed the trolls! burge True, but it’s nice just to shut them up by pointing out the parts that they didnt read. Nuff Said You cannot shot up a troll. It’s against their very purpose. stylesbeyond haha, no troll stating the obvious be careful with your expensive tech no issues i repair iPhones myself its always down to those who bend them PhoneTechJay Well you’re right that it shouldn’t be Apples problem, but it didn’t come from the phone bending it came from the owner dropping their device one too many times. If the phone didn’t drop they shouldn’t have the “touch desiese”. It true accidents happen but is like suing them for the glass breaking as well. When you drop your device anything can break on the inside.. Shinonuke That’s victim blaming. I have never dropped my iPhone 6. Even if I did, it shouldn’t matter. You fix these buggers all the time, you know from first hand experienced that some of the wires in the phones require a lot of strength to pull it out. PhoneTechJay The chips on the board can come lose, They are soldiered on, after a drop especially if the device is on and warm/hot they can come dislodged. Not extremely easily but it can happen. CuBoy531 If it wasn’t for Apple you a$$ wouldn’t have a job at iPad Rehab. So work with them rather than bad mouthing them. Good luck. M_Hawke What I hate about Apple is that when you take in your phone under warranty, you get a refurb instead of a new unit. And you only get a 3 month warranty (or something like that) with the refurb. Then the refurb develops problems. In my case, I had a 5s with headphone jack problems, exchanged it, got a refurb, and four months later, developed that dreaded red pixel problem with the camera. Now I’m stuck. Had to pay either $275 to trade or buy a new phone. I think if a company is going to honor its warranty, it should do so with a new unit. PhoneTechJay The new unit could have been defective too if you want brand new pay brand new price.. that makes more sense. M_Hawke Not sure what you mean. Yeah, a new unit could be defective, too, but it is way more probable that a refurb will develop problems than a new phone. And I did pay for a new phone. That went bad. So it should be replaced with a new phone. Not a refurb. Should be expected when dishing out $700 for a phone. PhoneTechJay The refurd device and the new device can go bad in the same amount of time… just because it’s new doesn’t mean it will last longer… M_Hawke Not true. PhoneTechJay Note 7? M_Hawke Well, debate all you want, if that’s your wish to waste time. PhoneTechJay you’re time is wasted in not believing the truth, fine with me as I don’t live inside the “new things are perfect box”… M_Hawke LOL! JohnS That’s not always true. Last year Apple replaced my iPhone 6 Plus for free 2x, once because of an issue with the camera, and the second time was 2 days later because of the issue listed here. Both times I was given a brand new device. But since replacements don’t come in new boxes it’s hard to tell what you’re getting. However Apple can look up your serial number and see if it has ever been activated before. Maybe I’m lucky, but I’ve actually never been handed a refurbished product that I know of from Apple. Also, getting a refurbished device doesn’t change your warranty (unless I’m completely mistaken here). You continue to keep your warranty that you had when you bought the original phone. So if you phone dies the day after you buy it and you get a refurbished model you have full warranty for essentially a year with it. If you replace your phone with a brand new one the day before warranty runs out you basically had better hope you have 0 problems with it when you leave. M_Hawke No, that is not true. When I was handed my refurb with still 9 mos left on my original warranty, he said the refurb’s warranty was only 90 days. And yes, you’re lucky. JohnS Wow, I’d contact Apple’s support over chat so you can get a copy of the transcript and ask them if you loose all of your remaining warranty the second you get a replacement. I almost wonder if that employee messed something up since if you bought a refurbished phone it only has 90 days. Otherwise that just sounds… wrong… I guarantee I didn’t get another year of warranty because I got a new phone. So I would assume that the employee made a mistake telling you that. I could be wrong though, if you do contact them I’d be super interested to find out what their response is. Shinonuke I didn’t have a problem with the warranty. Did it once before and the original warranty transferred over to the replacement iPhone. This worked in the U.S. M_Hawke Well, like I said, you were lucky. No need to debate with me whether this actually happened to me or not, because it did. In the US. And not just with my 5s, either, but with my 4s. So count your blessings. Shinonuke Hope some of my blessings transfer to you amigo Impreza You could do a serial check which may indicate if it’s a refurb. After I quizzed an employee over plain box replacements they admitted they’re all refurbs. Makes sense otherwise why wouldn’t you get a sealed box? JohnS Well one obvious reason is that the standard boxes come in a printed box, with headphones, a lightning cable and a power adapter. The other is made in significantly cheaper plain packaging with no accessories whatsoever. It wouldn’t make sense to replace everything if your home button breaks. So Apple produces some phones in a very cheap packaging with no accessories that can be handed out as replacements. While some of these could be refurbished products the plain packaging doesn’t necessarily mean that. (like I said, I looked up both of my replacements and they were both brand new never before owned phones). Furthermore, even when I got a replacement cable the guy mentioned that they were out of replacement cables and they had to get someone from sales to give me a free one from the store inventory. But he took it out of the box and handed just the cable to me. So yeah, while I don’t necessarily understand that it seems to just be Apple’s policy. Impreza The accessories reason is/was plausible. However initially replacement models only ever carried 3 month warranty or the balance of what was left on your replaced item, whichever was the less. That’s when the question over the repkacement being new or old gained traction, in Australia at least, After some verbal judo, there was an admission that most replacements were refurbished models. Except in the even of recently released products which haven’t circulated enough to produce refurbs. Mind you when you return an iohone from new release say like I did with an iphone 7, package and charger cable etc used, what does Apple do with it? Staff advise they’re srnt back and ‘recycled’ witn the parts used for the rebuilt ‘refurbished’ models, i questioned my return being in mint condition, why not just clean it and wipe the memory vclean put it in a new box and no obe’s the wiser. I was met with a stern ‘we don’t do that at apple, they’re sent back for recycling etc etc’. Maybe other countries the store staff give alternate explanations. The Zlatan Where can you sign up for this? My regular 6 does this too Impreza One annoying thing is my 5s was replaced under warranty after 1 year and 364 days (true story) with a refurb model. Problem is that if/when I decide to sell it, I’ll get less for it due to it being a refurb. I bought a new phone and end up with a refurb worth less on the open market. Something just doesn’t seem right in all of this. JohnS I suppose it depends on how you look at it. A refurbished phone will sell for more than broken “new” phone. Also, I don’t know what was wrong with your phone to make it get replaced, but if they had simply swapped out parts it would have been refurbished anyways. Also, if you had sold it right away I bet a brand new refurbished phone would have sold better than a year old used one. So yeah, a brand new vs refurb is going to have a price difference but at day 364 if you got a refurb I still think you’re up on where you were value wise from day 363 and certainly so if it had broken a week later 😉 So while not as lucky as you could have been I’d say you still got lucky there especially having it break right before warranty was up instead of after. Guess it depends on how you look at things. Impreza Perhaps I should have emphasised or changed the wording, it was one year plus 364 days old when it was replaced. In other words 1 day short of two years replaced under warranty. We don’t much around with with warranty. As for my phone, not long after updating to ios 9, it started getting hot during charging and on one occasion,it displayed the temp overheat warning. A few days later blank screen and upon charging you’d hear the chime but no display then 15 mins later the screen would activate and the facetime camera wouldn’t work. I flattened the battery and gave it to apple advising them of the history. 10 mins later they return advising the phone won’t turn on when charging and there’s water damage. After an exchange of opinions they relented and said possibly humidity or heat from your head close to phone etc. but no repair or replace under warranty. I did advise to charge at least 15 mins but they weren’t interested and it would cost me $430 to exchange with a refurb. I went home stuck it on charge and it displayed straight away and was back to normal, fair dinkum even the Facetime camera worked all back to normal. That evening I went to grab the phone and the top of the screen completely dislodged from the frame and you could stick a pencil in the gap. Whomever put it together haf an eye like a busted ass. The next day I went to a different apple store (we have two), I explained the situation, they had a chuckle at the screen hanging off and they replaced it on the spot with a refurb, no hesitation and no bill. Oh and I get another two years warranty on the refurb (that period on the refurb is yet to be tested in Australia). The store didn’t want to give me any documentation over the exchange, fortunately they provided one only after I advised I’ll sleep under their display table until they come up with it, they then came up with one. I checked the serial online and it only indicates a valid purchase date, no tech phone support and Repairs and Service coverage states: Consumer Law May Apply. Oh and it does say to have your proof of purchase to submit online if you require Apple’s limited warranty. Geez lucky I got the documentation. Sorry for long piece.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish UK Cabinet Bans Apple Watch Over Russian Hacking Concerns By Adnan Farooqui on 10/10/2016 09:04 PST A report out of the United Kingdom claims that the government has banned cabinet members from wearing an Apple Watch to cabinet meetings as there are concerns about the Russians hacking the smartwatch’s microphone to eavesdrop. The government is reportedly worried that the Russians can hack into the Apple Watch’s microphone to listen in on high-level meetings about the government’s policies. The United Kingdom isn’t the only country that’s concerned about the Russians hacking it. The United States has had this concern for a very long time, and it recently pointed the finger formally at Russia for cyberattacks that it says are meant to undermine the upcoming presidential elections in the country. It’s not unusual for the Apple Watch to be banned from cabinet meetings. The Telegraph hears from a source in the United Kingdom who said “The Russians are trying hack everything,” so the government’s concerns are justified. Cabinet members are already banned from bringing cellphones to meetings so it was only a matter of time before this also applied to smartwatches. In an increasingly connected world with devices that make it very easy to get in touch with people you love and care about, real cyber security issues persist, even more so for governments who have their own interests to protect so it’s not unusual to see them banning modern technology from their conference rooms. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Apple Watch. Related Articles 2016-11-03 Kohl's Will Start Selling The Apple Watch Soon 2016-11-02 CMRA Is An Apple Watch Band With Built-In Cameras 2016-10-24 Apple Watch Nike+ To Launch In 41 Countries On October 28 2016-10-21 Apple Watch Booth In Paris Departmental Store Could Be Closing 2016-10-17 Reference To ‘Apple Watch Victory’ Spotted On Apple’s Website The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
null
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Theresa May bans the Apple Watch from U.K. Cabinet meetings Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 10, 2016 in Technology Members of the UK's parliament have been banned from wearing Apple Watch smartwatches during Cabinet meetings over concerns they could be hacked by Russian spies. The ruling has come from Prime Minister Theresa May and concerns all wearables. Theresa May is concerned that foreign hackers could use the devices to spy on sensitive Cabinet meetings, The Telegraph reported today. May has introduced the legislation since coming into office earlier this year, ending David Cameron's acceptance of the device. Formerly, several cabinet ministers wore their Apple Watch into meetings. "The Russians are trying to hack everything," one unnamed source said to the Telegraph. May is concerned Russia could be able to crack Apple's security mechanisms and access the devices of senior cabinet ministers. The Apple Watch's integrated microphone could then be used to create recordings of the Cabinet's conversations. Mobile phones are already banned in Cabinet. The rule was enforced during David Cameron's first meeting as Prime Minister in May 2010. Cameron told his ministers that mobile phones and BlackBerrys would not be tolerated during his tenure. Mobile phones and similar electronic devices are now allowed in Parliament but must be in silent mode. The U.K. is not the only country to ban the Apple Watch and similar devices from its cabinet. Over the weekend, Australia confirmed that it will be continuing its existing policy of banning all electronic devices from cabinet meetings. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is known to be a fan of the Apple Watch and has been caught using it while in the House of Representatives in the past. A spokesman said Turnbull has to take it off and place it in a locker before attending cabinet meetings though. "In a world in which it is necessary for government to have conversations that truly have no electronics in the room, there are going to be more and more items that will have to be locked away in cabinets," The Sydney Morning Herald reported Alastair MacGibbon, Mr Turnbull's special adviser on cyber security, said. The U.K.'s concerns about Russian hackers gaining access to the Apple Watch are not considered entirely unfounded. Recently, Russian hackers have demonstrated their skill and ability by releasing a series of high-profile leaks. Last week, the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security in the U.S. blamed Russia for stealing emails from the Democratic National Committee earlier this year. WikiLeaks operator Julian Assange has warned there is still more data to be published. There have been no high-profile hacks concerning the Apple Watch to date. However, flaws and vulnerabilities have been discovered that could compromise government environments. Notably, an issue that could allow the remote accessing of the wearable's microphone was reported, although Apple said it has since resolved the bug with a software update. More about Apple, apple watch, wearables, smartwatches, Security More news from Apple apple watch wearables smartwatches Security Cybersecurity Latest News Top News Clashes in Syria's Aleppo after army warning Russia-friendly opposition candidate wins Bulgaria presidential vote Marquez advises Pacquiao not to pursue rematch with Mayweather Starbucks gives us 13 reasons to celebrate the holiday season Trump seeks to calm protests — and reassure own camp Forest fires in Appalachia prompt mass evacuations Donald Trump made an honorable Cossack in Russia Migrant surge forces border patrol to deploy more agents Broadway Cares/Equity fights AIDS, releases 2016 holiday album Review: ‘Constellations’ tries to find string theory in relationships Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Subscribe to Newton Daily News 48°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs US stocks jump as energy companies and Apple move higher Published: Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 11:24 a.m. CST NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are climbing in Monday morning trading as energy companies rise in tandem with the price of oil. Materials companies are also trading higher. Apple is rising after new reports of fires affecting Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple’s iPhone. That’s sending technology stocks higher. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 142 points, or 0.8 percent, to 18,382 as of 10:05 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 15 points, or 0.7 percent, to $2,168. The Nasdaq composite added 47 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,339. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.24, or 2.5 percent, to $51.05 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.27, or 2.4 percent, to $53.20 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.69, or 1.9 percent, to $88.43 and Murphy Oil added 89 cents, or 3 percent, to $30.40. Social media network Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.83, or 14 percent, to $17.02. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Apple climbed $1.78, or 1.6 percent, to $115.84 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Germany’s DAX rose 1.2 percent. The CAC-40 in France was 1 percent higher and the FTSE 100 in London rose 0.7 percent. PSeoul’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Japan’s markets were closed for a holiday. CURRENCY: The dollar rose to 103.54 yen from 103.06 yen Friday. The euro fell to $1.1155 from $1.1182, and the British pound fell to $1.2375 from $1.2435. Bond trading was closed for the Columbus Day holiday. More News Thousands protest Trump win around USNov. 10, 2016 - 11:03 am Mormons preach love for LGBT members, but no doctrinal shiftNov. 9, 2016 - 1:31 am WATCHING TUESDAYNov. 8, 2016 - 10:23 am Election Day: Americans choose between Clinton, TrumpNov. 8, 2016 - 11:24 am REG third quarter 2016 financial resultsNov. 7, 2016 - 11:28 am Mercy CEO Vellinga announces upcoming retirementNov. 7, 2016 - 11:28 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2016 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The Apple Tax – A concept of economics Nate Swanner - Oct 10, 2016 4 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit For those who’ve been monitoring consumer technology long enough, the term ‘Apple Tax’ will be familiar. It’s a phrase coined in the late aughts to cleverly describe the high price tag of Apple devices, like the Mac. Prices are still high, but with other manufacturers creating similarly beautiful and expensive machines, ‘Apple Tax’ has slipped out of our vernacular. Without us paying attention, Apple resurfaced it as a real tax levied against how you use your devices. The Apple Tax: a brief history Around 2008, when Apple was in a full-on comeback from near bankruptcy a few years prior, Apple Tax was applied to just about every piece of hardware it produced. Many compared specs of a Mac versus a PC and loudly thumped their chest that Apple was taking advantage of consumers. On a purely technical level, it was — at least at the time. This was well before Apple went all-in on designing truly custom components for its machines. Of course, the ‘it just works’ mantra was Apple’s retort. Largely correct compared to fussy PCs of the era, it was still a bit of reality distortion meant to instill trust in the brand and get consumers to extend their credit just a bit further for a Mac. It worked, too. Then everyone began catching up, and Apple elegant sheen was less glowing. Now, a top-end HP Spectre and MacBook are distinguished mainly by the operating systems. Apple’s new tax A core tenet of a tax is that you can’t avoid it without some careful maneuvering. So it goes with Apple services. Photos is Apple’s go-to service for managing your photo library, and it’s really good. Between Live Photos and the new Memories feature that cobbles together like images and videos based on location to create slideshows — as well as some very good editing features — the Photos app is great. The same can be said for iCloud, especially if you also use a Mac. While Apple treats it more as a repository for files rather than a forward-facing solution as Google does with Drive, iCloud is still pretty adept. Third party apps can also use it to sync and store files – Then there’s Mail, Notes, Keychain, and backups; Calendars have to be synced, too. All of this relies on iCloud. Apple gives you 5GB, but that’s just enough for a backup and a very light photo gallery. So you have to buy extra storage, which you pay for monthly. One dollar gets you 50GB, which is adequate if you are one to delete photos and carefully manage your mail folders. But it scales from there. Many users will find comfort in the $2.99 per month iCloud plan that earns you 200GB of iCloud storage. If you’re taking a lot of photos and videos, this is a great choice. Either way, it’s added cost. And if you want to stream music, it gets worse. Apple Music has one tier: $9.99 per month. There are ways to skirt it — you get three months free on initial sign-up and Apple Music gift cards bring the service to you for $99 per year (which is two free months for pre-payment) — but it’s still an added cost. The good news (is also bad news) The positive takeaway is that you can avoid the tax — but it’s not easy. If you wanted to sidestep iCloud’s dollar-minimum, it takes manual device backups to iTunes on a desktop and (probably) forgoing Photos sync. That’s just for starters; if you want to get really tucked into that free 5GB, you’ll have to disable iCloud for most third-party apps, too (just to be safe). You also don’t have to stream music. There’s always iTunes, and several third-party apps that have free streaming tiers available. The issue is taking those steps is finicky and time consuming. In our ‘set it and forget it’ society, we just want things to work, which is what Apple promised with the Apple Tax all those years ago – and it’s still making good on that promise — but again wants more of your dollars to do so. Without paying attention, you could end up paying an additional $13 or more every month for Apple services. This is a luxury tax, too. Apple hasn’t edged away from high-cost computers, so you’re still paying the original tax. If you want to live that good, comfortable life as designed — these taxes are unavoidable according to the Apple doctrine. Story Timeline How HomeKit embraces Siri, Apple Watch and iCloud iCloud.com now lets users restore deleted files Apple iCloud rises higher with new 2TB offer Tags analysisAppleiCloudmacopinion Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives US court to hear Apple-Samsung feud over iPhone designs By: Reuters 10-Oct-16 Popular Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who prevented large scale massacre 02-Sep-16 Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who pr ... Rs8.4m generators for Sharifs, as nation bears load-shedding 01-Jul-16 Top News Jehangir Bader is no more   14-Nov-16 LAHORE: Pakistan People's Part ... Trade deficit reaches $9.3bn 14-Nov-16 ISLAMABAD: Pakistan recorded a ... WASHINGTON: After five years of trial, the US Supreme Court will hear arguments on Tuesday in the bitter patent dispute between the world’s two top smartphone manufacturers over the amount Samsung should pay Apple for copying the iPhone’s distinctive look. The justices’ ruling, due by the end of June, could have a long-term impact for designers and product manufacturers going forward because the Supreme Court, if it agrees with Samsung, could limit the penalties for swiping a patented design. Samsung paid Apple $548.2 million last December, fulfilling part of its liability stemming from a 2012 verdict for infringing Apple’s iPhone patents and copying its look. But Samsung will argue before the Supreme Court that it should not have had to make as much as $399 million of that pay-out for infringement of three patented designs on the iPhone’s rounded-corner front face, its bezel and the colourful grid of icons that represent programs and applications. It will be the Supreme Court’s first case involving design patents in more than 120 years, when the products at issue were carpets and rugs. Cupertino, California-based Apple sued its South Korean rival in 2011, claiming Samsung stole its technology and the iPhone’s trademarked appearance. Samsung has said it should not have had to fork over all of its profits on phones that infringed the patents, which contributed only marginally to a complex product with thousands of patented features. Apple has said Samsung was properly penalised for ripping off its work. With the many years of fighting behind these fierce rivals, this case has become mostly about money, said Michael Risch, a professor at Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law. “The infringement has been affirmed, now it’s whether this huge judgment should be affirmed,” he said. Risch joined a group of 50 university professors who filed a brief supporting Samsung in the case, as did Silicon Valley heavyweights Facebook and Alphabet Inc’s Google, which makes the Android operating system used in Samsung’s phones. Apple, meanwhile, has been supported in court papers by those who emphasize the importance of design in consumer buying choices, including famous fashion names like Calvin Klein and Alexander Wang. Last May, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington upheld the 2012 patent verdict, but overturned Samsung’s liability for trademark infringement. Samsung asked the Supreme Court to review the design patent part of the case. On Tuesday, the companies will argue over a provision in US patent law requiring infringers to pay a design patent owner their total profits on an infringing “article of manufacture.” Samsung said in court documents that the article of manufacture here was not its entire phone as sold, as the lower courts had ruled, and so its damages should be pared back. If the Supreme Court does not rule in its favour, Samsung said, “an infringer of a patented cup-holder design must pay its entire profits on a car.” In its court papers, Apple agreed that an article of manufacture may be a mere component of a product, but said that in this case the evidence shows that it is the entire phone as sold by Samsung. The case is Samsung Electronics Co Ltd v Apple Inc, in the Supreme Court of the United States, No 15-777. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine Facebook Daily Times Instagram Twitter Tweets by @DailyTimes_DT SoundCloud sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan iOS 10 plagued by frame drops, skips, and horrible user interface bugs iOS 10 has been out for almost a month, and Apple's latest mobile platform continues to be plagued by problems that really shouldn't be present in a flagship platform. And things are far worse for iPhone 7 users. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | October 10, 2016 -- 15:56 GMT (08:56 PDT) | Topic: iOS I awoke early Saturday morning, and after a yawn and a stretch to try to come to life, I grabbed my iPhone so I could see what had been going on in the world while I'd been asleep. It slowly dawned on me that there was something horribly wrong with my iOS 10 home screen. Here is where the iOS 10 dock should be. Yup, the dock had vanished. Again. See also: Get ready for a MacBook Pro and MacBook Air refresh After the first time it happened, a quick search of the Apple support forums confirmed that I'm not the only one experiencing this problem, and that while a reboot (or sometimes running an app that appears in the dock) makes it reappear, only Apple can deliver a proper fix for this issue. So, in the meantime, it's time to chalk up another iOS 10 bug. Problem is, they're really starting to pile up. I've been using iOS 10 since the earliest betas, and it's fair to say that I've not been happy with what's coming out of Cupertino. Right now, I'm at that point where I feel I either have to make the most of the mess or make a transition to another platform (which is not something I do lightly). But at least I can console myself with the fact that no matter how bad iOS 10 is on older hardware, the performance is far worse for those who have shelled out to upgrade to an iPhone 7. Technology expert Chris Pirillo has upgraded to the iPhone 7, and he's far from pleased with how iOS 10 performs on the latest iPhone. Alongside his iPhone 7 review, he has published a master list of issues with iOS 10 on the iPhone 7, in which he meticulously lists dozens of issues, ranging from frame drops to bugs and other user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) bugs. It's a very long list. Here are just a few of the items on it: In particular, iOS 10 on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus appears to suffer from significant and reproducible frame drops when carrying out certain tasks (frame drops that are not present on hardware such as the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6s). Smooth animation is critical to good UX. A shaky, jumpy UI is hard on the eyes and constantly gives you the feeling that something has gone wrong or that a crash is imminent. A jumpy UI also breaks the illusion that the icons and apps running on the screen are real, as opposed to just a choreographed series of animations. These frame drops suggest that either iOS 10 code is not well optimized for the iPhone 7, or that Apple is allowing for frame drops on the iPhone 7 -- perhaps to improve overall performance to increase battery life. Either way, these problems are destroying the user experience for owners of Apple's latest hardware, and that's not a good thing at a time when iPhone sales are predicted to go soft and Apple can ill afford to have people eyeing Android handsets. Cool, new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus acc... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 10 NEXT PREV See also: How to fix iOS 10's most annoying feature Here's how Apple made the iPhone 7 water resistant Can I just ignore the recall and carry on using my Galaxy Note 7? Stop calling the iPhone 7 'waterproof'. It isn't iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: New features highlights How to securely wipe your iPhone for resale Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories iOS Gmail for iOS gets a facelift and faster search iOS iOS 10 tip: Built-in iOS apps you should replace with third-party apps iOS Apple pushes out new bug fix for iOS 10 Mobility Microsoft's Skype redesign for Android, iOS: One-tap access, better group calls Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 10 October 2016 | MYT 11:46 PM Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The AFP photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks jumped early Monday with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6% as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one percent as US oil prices climbed above $50 a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8%. The broad-based S & P 500 advanced 0.7% to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9% to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4% after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465mil to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication. Twitter dived 12.7% following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1%; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7% as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests.  Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1% after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. - AFP Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Diary Malaysia 2016 Corporate Earnings Abe to stress on importance of Japan-US ties Bank Negara ready to supply US$ if needed Asia shares divided Monday, US$ on high Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Hamilton chills as others provide the thrills CSR isn’t a one-off thing Rafizi sentenced to 18 months' jail Property Related advertisement Latest News In Trump tantrum, emerging markets are down but not yet out Fitch: Most Asian telcos to come under pressure in 2017 Diary Malaysia 2016 Corporate Earnings Foreign funds net sellers at RM800m in week ended Nov 11 Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Monday Nov 14 Most Viewed in Business Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Bank Negara takes on currency speculators Trump's election win not good news for Malaysian chipmakers Bank Negara’s audacious move to tame offshore market Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Bank Negara ready to supply US$ if needed KLCI skids early Monday, ringgit steadier on BNM caution 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss Indian banks receive US$30bil in deposits Foreign funds net sellers at RM800m in week ended Nov 11 advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Brief. Curated. Every day. Download RBTH Daily app for free to be up to date with what’s new in Russia. Get a fresh and brief digest every day. Follow the link to learn more English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 СРПСКИ Hrvatski Български МАКЕДОНСКИ 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski Subscribe Apps E-PAPER Special Projects Voices of Read Russia Russian Hockey Players Guide Russian Start-ups 30under30 World Business Politics & Society Education Science & Tech Defense Opinion Arts & Living People Movies Events Literature Music Theater Russian Kitchen Travel Sport Multimedia Apple Pay to start working with Visa cards in Russia in December October 10, 2016 TASS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Related Russia’s Central Bank reports DDoS-attack on major banks Sberbank plans to introduce Samsung pay technology in near future Central Bank sees Russia’s moving up in Doing Business rating as good sign Tags apple, banks On Oct. 4, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. Source: Invision for Disney Store / AP Apple Pay payment system will start working with Visa bank cards in the Russian market in December, a source close to the talks between Apple and Russian representatives of banks and payment systems told TASS on Oct. 10. "It is planned to launch Apple Pay for Visa cards starting from Dec. 1," the source said, adding that the talks are in progress and the date might be changed later. On Nov. 4 other banks will join Apple Pay, the source told TASS. Currently, the payment system works only with MasterCard payment cards through Sberbank. According to Apple conditions, banks that will be connected to the system are required to run the advertisement of the service, and the sum the banks need to spend on advertising Pay Apple is discussed individually with each bank, the source told TASS. Sberbank and MasterCard launch Apple Pay on Russian market In addition, Apple receives commission, which is given to the corporation for each transaction, as well as for every bank card connected to the system. On Oct. 4, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch. The payment system allows purchases using NFC (Near Field Communication) technology on smartphones, which can be used for payment in actual stores by holding an iPhone near the reader or within apps. Source: TASS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Multimedia How the perfect Instagram account of a Russian woman should look Your opinion How will Russia-U.S. relations change under Trump? News 10:21 PM November 13, 2016 Zakharova says contacts with Trump, Clinton teams were 'routine diplomacy' 5:30 PM November 13, 2016 Official: Putin and Trump have similar positions on some issues 3:30 PM November 13, 2016 Russian Airborne Troops ensemble performs Serbian songs at Belgrade concert 1:55 PM November 13, 2016 Moscow museum holding arts exhibition for visually impaired people 12:47 PM November 13, 2016 Figure skater Medvedeva wins Trophee de France 11:59 AM November 13, 2016 Karjakin-Carlsen Game 2 ends in draw 6:55 PM November 12, 2016 FSB releases video showing detention of terrorist attack plotter 3:35 PM November 12, 2016 Almost 3,000 injured in ice-covered Russian regions 2:29 PM November 12, 2016 Doctor, recommended by human rights activists, sees no injuries on Dadin 11:30 AM November 12, 2016 Russia ready to consider new humanitarian pauses in Aleppo News from idealmedia.com Photo of the day View More   Business Calendar 24 November — 25 November Second Russian Export and Investment Fair in Moscow 17 November — 18 November Siberian Economic Forum 2016 Read more  Culture calendar 30 November — 4 December Russian Film Week in London 30 November — 4 December UK to be the Country of Honour at Moscow's non/fictio№ Book Fair 19 November — 20 November Bonjour, France! festival in Moscow 27 October — 16 November 16th Russian Resurrection Film Festival in Australia 8 October — 26 February Unknown Fabergé: New Finds and Re-discoveries 8 September — 13 January An exhibition of William Brumfield's photographs of the Russian North 25 February — 31 December UK-Russia Year of Language and Literature Read more  About us Team Partners Advertising Contacts Careers Privacy policy RBTH Network: English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 Српски Hrvatski Български Македонски 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski © 2007-2016 Russia Beyond The Headlines a global media project sponsored by:  Back to top + Like us on Facebook
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks rise as energy gains nearly 2% CNBC 10/10/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Kenneth Cole will reportedly close most of its stores in the next six months. Veuer Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales The second amendment is safe under President-elect Donald Trump -- so why are gun stocks suffering? CNN Money Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results The tech industry leader said those who believe the hype show a "profound lack of empathy." Newsy PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Pisani: Crude's the story again CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 Trump win signal a Keystone Pipeline comeback? Fox Business3:28 Moment of silence at NYSE Reuters0:40 Transitioning veterans to the workforce Bloomberg2:37 Apple introduces a support app In the App Store Wochit Tech0:36 How Trump's trade policies may impact the global economy Bloomberg2:48 No, a global recession isn't imminent Forbes2:10 UP NEXT Stocks traded higher on Monday, following the second presidential debate while investors digested a rise in oil prices. "You have more clarity from the U.S. election, with the uncertainty from that heading lower; you've got less uncertainty from OPEC, and that's bullish for stocks," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of Sarhan Capital. Quotes in the article TD Ameritrade Holding Corp AMTD ▲ 36.68 +0.77 +2.14% The Dow Jones industrial average rose 150 points, with Apple and Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 gained more than 0.7 percent, with energy rising about 1.8 percent to lead all sectors higher. "A breakout appears likely from a short-term momentum standpoint, and we highlight shifts on the macro front that are indicative of risk-on positioning," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG. "Consecutive daily closes above the 50-day moving average near 2158 would mark a breakout and set the stage for new all-time highs, with only minor resistance at the August high near 2194." The Nasdaq composite advanced approximately 0.9 percent, with Apple and the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) gaining more than 1 percent. U.S. crude rose more than 3.4 percent to $51.54 per barrel while Brent futures hit a one-year high after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia is ready to join a proposed cap on oil output by OPEC members. Putin, speaking at an energy congress in the Turkish city of Istanbul, said he hoped that OPEC members would confirm the decision to adopt quotas for output when the organization meets in November. "This has removed the uncertainty and now we are in clear," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets, in a morning note. "However, it is important to keep in mind that unless we see the planned action complete, caution may the best practice. If history tells us anything, it is this that these major oil players also have habit to not to respect the agreed agreement." Investors were also keeping an eye on the U.S. presidential election. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton squared off in a town hall-style debate Sunday night in St. Louis. Trump, in particular, largely stuck to personal attacks, threatening at one point that he would "get a special prosecutor" to look into Clinton's handling of classified information if he were elected president. "I would have to agree that the market is taking at [a tie]," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "If the market had thought that Trump had gotten a positive gain, we wouldn't be higher." U.S. futures traded higher before the opening bell, with Dow futures rising more than 100 points, while S&P and Nasdaq futures gained 11.75 points and 24.25 points, respectively. Still, Cardillo said trading volume was likely to be light on Monday, given the Columbus Day holiday during which U.S. banks were closed. The Mexican peso shot more than 2 percent higher against the dollar on Monday. The dollar-Mexican peso trade has been a proxy trade during the election, given Trump's desire to build a wall along the Mexican border and call to go as far as withdrawing the U.S. from NAFTA if he were elected. Trump "had a better evening compared to his previous showdown with the former Secretary of State, yet all polls currently suggest that the Democrat will be the one to pack her bags for the White House," said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities. Trump's campaign has been under fire recently, after a leaked 2005 video of the GOP standard bearer's vulgar remarks about women caused uproar. In economic news, there are no major data due Monday. The U.S. bonds market was also closed due to the Columbus Day holiday. The dollar rose 0.2 percent against a basket of currencies, with the euro near $1.116 and the yen around 103.5. Currency traders also kept an eye on the British pound, following its "flash crash" against the dollar last week. The pound traded 0.5 percent lower against the dollar, near $1.237. Overseas, European equities rose after receiving a boost from crude prices. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index gained 0.59 percent. In Asia, stocks closed mixed. In corporate news, Mylan agreed to pay $465 million to settle charges that it overcharged the government for its EpiPen products. Meanwhile, Twitter shares fell more than 14 percent after Bloomberg reported the company was unlikely to be bought out by another company. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Bond market closed for Columbus Day 10 p.m.: Chicago Fed President Charles Evans speaks on the economy and monetary policy Tuesday Earnings: Alcoa, Fastenal 6 a.m.: NFIB survey 11 a.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari Wednesday Earnings: CSX 8 a.m.: New York Fed President Bill Dudley speaks with the Business Council of New York State 9:40 a.m.: Kansas City Fed President Esther George speaks at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Annual Payments Symposium 10 a.m.: JOLTS 2 p.m.: Fed minutes Thursday Earnings: Taiwan Semiconductor, Unilever, First Republic Bank, Sky, Marriott Vacations, Winnebago 8:30 a.m.: Jobless claims 8:30 a.m.: Import prices 12:15 p.m.: Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker speaks on the economic outlook 2 p.m.: Federal budget 9 p.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks at a town hall on "Ending too big to fail," the role of the Federal Reserve and other topics Friday Earnings: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, PNC Financial Services, Infosys, Commerce Bancshares 8:30 a.m.: Retail sales 8:30 a.m.: PPI 10 a.m.: Consumer sentiment 10 a.m.: Business inventories 1:30 p.m.: Fed Chair Janet Yellen speaks on "Macroeconomic research after the crisis" 9 p.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks at a town hall on "Ending too big to fail," the role of the Federal Reserve and other topics *Planner subject to change. All times Eastern. Go to MSN Home More in Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney 6 Social Security changes coming in 2017 U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter

Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Here’s Why the UK Is Banning Apple Watch from Cabinet Meetings – Fortune Posted on October 10, 2016 by Fortune Russian hackers are (possibly) watching. Don’t expect to find an Apple Watch anywhere near U.K. cabinet meetings. U.K. prime minister Theresa May has banned ministers from wearing the Apple Watch in cabinet meetings over fears that Russians could … UK government extends cellphone ban during Cabinet meetings to Apple WatchAppleInsider (press release) (blog) UK government Apple Watch ban achieves nothingComputerworld Theresa May has reportedly banned Apple Watches from Cabinet meetings in case Russians spies hack themBusiness Insider Ars Technica -Mac Rumors -The Verge -ValueWalk all 33 news articles …read more wrote 21299 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017: Sueddeutsche – Reuters Watch Dogs 2 Easter Egg Appears to Tease a New Ubisoft Space Game – GameSpot FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts – TechCrunch Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review – Gizmodo Australia Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Australia bans ‘Apple watches’ from cabinet Ministers warn ‘devices could be hacked’ By: Web Desk 10-Oct-16 Popular Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who prevented large scale massacre 02-Sep-16 Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who pr ... Rs8.4m generators for Sharifs, as nation bears load-shedding 01-Jul-16 Top News Jehangir Bader is no more   14-Nov-16 LAHORE: Pakistan People's Part ... Trade deficit reaches $9.3bn 14-Nov-16 ISLAMABAD: Pakistan recorded a ... CANBERRA: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is obliged to take his Apple Watch off before the cabinet meetings, a government spokesman confirmed. According to the spokesman, the measure adheres to a long-standing policy that no communication devices may be taken into the sensitive room. There are rising concern about the threat of device hacking by foreign intelligence agencies or political ‘hacktivists’ – as the British ministers reportedly issued an edict to not wear ‘Apple Watches’ to cabinet meetings because of fears they could be penetrated by Russian spies. “It has long been standard practice – on both sides of politics – that no electronic transmitting devices (including Apple Watches) allowed in the cabinet room,” Cabinet Secretary Spokesman Arthur Sinodinos said. Turnbull’s Adviser on cyber security – Alastair MacGibbon – told the media that more personal devices would be connected to the internet in future – from glasses to running shoes – which meant greater attention would have to be paid to communications security. “In a world in which it is necessary for government to have conversations that truly have no electronics in the room, there are going to be more and more items that will have to be locked away in cabinets,” he said. Britain’s Telegraph newspaper reported at the weekend that while several UK ministers wore smart watches under former Prime Minister David Cameron’s leadership, including former Justice Secretary Michael Gove, a ban had now been placed on such devices. The paper reported that Gove had disrupted one cabinet meeting when he was chief whip by accidentally playing a song while surreptitiously checking his emails. “The Russians are trying to hack everything,” a source told the paper. This article originally appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine Facebook Daily Times Instagram Twitter Tweets by @DailyTimes_DT SoundCloud sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
International military drills 'Slavic Brotherhood' closed near Belgrade Military & Defense November 13, 18:50 Crimea to supply gas to Ukraine’s town till March - legislator Business & Economy November 13, 16:20 Foreign ministry’s spokeswoman translates Stoltenberg into "comprehensible" language Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 13, 16:17 Erdogan says protests in US only temporary World November 13, 11:23 Karjakin-Carlsen Game 2 ends in draw Sport November 13, 4:55 Moscow museum holding arts exhibition for visually impaired, sightless people Society & Culture November 13, 1:40 Syria ceasefire violated 35 times in 24 hours - Russian reconciliation center World November 12, 23:56 Donetsk republic detains suspects over militia commander’s murder World November 12, 23:43 Crimea re-launches gas supplies to Ukrainian town Business & Economy November 12, 23:00 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 14.11.2016 13.11.2016 12.11.2016 11.11.2016 10.11.2016 09.11.2016 08.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Apple Pay to start working with Visa cards in Russia in December Business & Economy October 10, 18:11 UTC+3 On October 4, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market Share 1 pages in this article © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images MOSCOW, October 10. /TASS/. Apple Pay payment system will start working with Visa bank cards in the Russian market in December, a source close to the talks between Apple and Russian representatives of banks and payment systems told TASS on Monday. Read also Sberbank, MasterCard launch Apple Pay on Russian market "It is planned to launch Apple Pay for Visa cards starting from December 1," the source said, adding that the talks are in progress and the date might be changed later. On November 4 other banks will join Apple Pay, the source told TASS. Currently, the payment system works only with MasterCard payment cards through Sberbank. According to Apple conditions, banks that will be connected to the system are required to run the advertisement of the service, and the sum the banks need to spend on advertising Pay Apple is discussed individually with each bank, the source told TASS. In addition, Apple receives commission, which is given to the corporation for each transaction, as well as for every bank card connected to the system. On October 4, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News November 13, 16:17 Foreign ministry’s spokeswoman translates Stoltenberg into "comprehensible" language November 13, 16:17 November 13, 18:50 International military drills 'Slavic Brotherhood' closed near Belgrade November 13, 18:50 November 13, 16:20 Crimea to supply gas to Ukraine’s town till March - legislator November 13, 16:20 November 13, 11:23 Erdogan says protests in US only temporary November 13, 11:23 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Foreign ministry’s spokeswoman translates Stoltenberg into "comprehensible" language 2 Formidable Sarmat: Satan’s successor that can pierce any defense 3 Russian factories living through worsening downturn — analytical agency 4 International military drills 'Slavic Brotherhood' closed near Belgrade 5 Crimea to supply gas to Ukraine’s town till March - legislator 6 Putin: Russia, China have common approach to international, regional problems 7 New sniper system for Russian special services ready for serial supplies 1 Foreign ministry’s spokeswoman translates Stoltenberg into "comprehensible" language 2 Erdogan says protests in US only temporary 3 Karjakin-Carlsen Game 2 ends in draw 4 Putin reiterates Russian Armed Forces not threatening anybody 5 Crimea to supply gas to Ukraine’s town till March - legislator 6 Russia to attend talks with OPEC on November 26-28 - Novak 7 Crimea re-launches gas supplies to Ukrainian town 1 Dutch sub tried to approach Russian aircraft carrier in Mediterranean — defense ministry 2 Source: 16 US servicemen killed, 27 injured in fighting for Iraq’s Mosul 3 Trump elected president of the United States — live coverage 4 Putin congratulates Donald Trump on winning US presidential election 5 Russia-US discord will leave with Obama administration: lawmakers' reaction to Trump's win 6 US election results in animated graphics 7 Foreign ministry’s spokeswoman translates Stoltenberg into "comprehensible" language TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple vs Samsung patent case goes before US Supreme Court tomorrow Eric Abent - Oct 10, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The long-running patent dispute between Apple and Samsung isn’t quite over yet, with both companies set to go before the highest US court tomorrow to hash out a conflict over additional money owed to Apple. Samsung has already handed over $548.2 million to Apple, and tomorrow the company will attempt to argue that it shouldn’t have to pay out all of the $399 million it owes for design patent infringement. As with most patent cases, the details can get a little convoluted, but in somewhat simple terms, the $399 million Samsung still owes Apple is based on three cases of design patent infringement. At the center of this Supreme Court showdown are design patents for rounded corners, the iPhone’s bezel, and the grid of app icons that comprise the familiar smartphone homescreen. According to Reuters, Samsung isn’t arguing that it didn’t infringe on these design patents, but rather that the $399 million it’s being told to pay is too much. That amount is the total profit made from the infringing devices, and Samsung plans to argue that it shouldn’t have to pay the full amount because those three designs were ultimately a small aspect of devices that used many more patents. Samsung might have its work cut out for it, thanks to a provision in US patent law that serves as the basis for this penalty. That provision states that the offending party has to hand over the total profit made from infringing “articles of manufacture,” so Samsung and its lawyers might have a difficult time persuading the Supreme Court to go against a provision that’s already on the books. Still, as Reuters points out, this is the first time the Supreme Court has heard arguments centered around design patents in more than 120 years, so perhaps the Court may see fit to tweak the existing laws a little bit. It’ll definitely be interesting to hear what the Supreme Court thinks of this latest chapter in the Apple vs. Samsung court battle, but we may not hear the Court’s opinion for quite some time – a decision on the matter isn’t due until the end of June 2017. SOURCE: Reuters Story Timeline Samsung to pay Apple $548M settlement in patent case Samsung takes its Apple patent fight to the Supreme Court Apple demanding $180M more from Samsung in patent case Apple discourages SC from hearing Samsung's patent review case Tags ApplecourtpatentsSamsung Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
Menu Skip to content About JR Marketing Social Media Technology & Web Links Search Search The JR Express March 10, 2016 — Jad Rahme Sacha Baron Cohen Parodies Apple To Promote The Brothers Grimsby Sacha Baron Cohen, the actor behind Ali G and Borat, is back on the big screen with The Brothers Grimsby (or just Grimsby in the UK). To promote his new movie he prepared a great parody of Apple keynotes. We all know Apple has this amazing marketing approach in their product launches and ads. The previous characters he played are talked about as products that led him to create “The Nobby” or the product name for Grimsby. Is it a good marketing Strategy? #SachaBaronCohen is about to revolutionize the world. Again. #TheBrothersGrimsby. https://t.co/PtKWm5mfjYhttps://t.co/vooP5wUMAQ — The Brothers Grimsby (@BrothersGrimsby) March 8, 2016 The Good: Content Content in the video is great. A very funny storyline without overdoing it. There is also great attention to detail which makes it more realistic. As an Apple fan boy I can say the impression is quite accurate. He even matched the outfit style of Apple’s design guru Jony Ive‘s which works perfectly well with his British accent (Ive is British too)! Sacha Baron Cohen (left) and Jony Ive (right) I’ve seen a lot of Apple parodies and there is only a few I enjoyed but that is one worth sharing whether you enjoy its parody aspect or Sacha Baron Cohen and his characters. The Bad: Distribution The video is only uploaded on the Twitter account of The Brothers Grimsby movie.Even though Twitter can be a great engagement platform it doesn’t really work as a central hub for a video. Sharing it on other social platforms is not ideal at all because it’s recognized as a tweet not a video. This restrains the viral potential of the activity which is too bad. That video could be quite popular on Facebook but for it to pick up people should be able to share it as a Facebook native video or at least a YouTube one. This is the kind of video that should be easy for users to watch. Now of course someone could rip it off and upload it on one of those channels but that’s definitely not ideal for Sony Pictures. They would rather keep ownership and control of their media assets.   All in all, a great video that should be uploaded to Facebook or YouTube so we can share it. Share this: Email Print Tweet Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Comments Author Details Join the conversation! 2 Comments Leila March 12, 2016 at 12:25 PM Jado. I enjoyed your post after a long abscence… And I think your writing style is top notch🙂 Jad Rahme March 13, 2016 at 2:21 PM Thank you 😁 Glad to hear you enjoyed it! Comments are closed. About Jad Rahme The guy behind this blog. Passionate about Marketing and Technology. Recent MSc Strategic Marketing grad from Imperial College London. Latest Posts By Jad Rahme 12.15.14Quiqup: Convenient On-The-Spot Delivery for Anything You Want in London 12.08.14Time Has Come for Some JR Evolution! 11.10.14Johnnie Walker Keeps the Lebanese Flame Alive! #KeepWalkingLebanon 10.31.14British Airways Brings Paris and New York Together on One Screen! 10.16.14Facebook Introduces Safety Check Letting Friends Know You’re Safe in Case of a Disaster Post navigation Previous Post Quiqup: Convenient On-The-Spot Delivery for Anything You Want in London Category Advertising & Marketing, Technology & World Wide Web Tags Ali G, Apple, Borat, Content, Facebook, Grimsby, humor, Jony Ive, Keynote, Marketing, Movie, Parody, Sacha Baron Cohen, Social Media, Sony Pictures, The Brothers Grimsby, Twitter, YouTube Search Subscribe by E-mail Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 2,524 other followers Categories About The JR Express Advertising & Marketing Business Cinematography Digital Media Literacy Miscillaneous Music NGOs Photography Short Movies Social Media Technology & World Wide Web Facebook Facebook TwitterMy Tweets Instagram Monthly Archives Monthly Archives Select Month March 2016 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 October 2010 September 2010 Creative Commons This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. RSS - Posts RSS - Comments Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News National World Politics Business Entertainment Health Sports Music Listen Facebook Twitter ABC Radio ABC News Radio Home News National World Politics Business Entertainment Health Sports Music Listen Facebook Twitter ABC Radio Top Home News National World Politics Business Entertainment Health Sports Music Listen Facebook Twitter ABC Radio SEARCH Tweets by @ABCNewsRadio News Pages News Topics and Headlines Business News Entertainment News Health News Music News National News Politics News Sports News World News News Summary Your Body with Dr. Jennifer Ashton Business News Summary Entertainment News Summary Health News Summary Music News Summary National News Summary Politics News Summary Sports News Summary World News Summary News Tags Business News Tags Entertainment News Tags Health News Tags National News Tags Politics News Tags World News Tags test 1213Tax Tips News Feed Click on any tracked change below to view the full entry on this site. Remains of Missing Daughter of The Piano Guys' Jon Schmidt Found, According to Father Karl Weatherly/Photodisc/Thinkstock (MUNRA POINT, Ore.) -- The remains of Annie Schmidt, a 21-year-old woman reported missing in Oregon in October, have been found, according to an announcement on Facebook by her ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 10:07PM by Louis Milman within National News Study: Celebrex No Riskier for Hearts than Other Anti-Inflammatory Drugs Ingram Publishing/Thinkstock (NEW YORK) -- A new study affirmed the safety of anti-inflammatory drug Celebrex. According the the study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine , the generic ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 9:17PM by Louis Milman within Health News Israeli Ministers Approve Bill to Retroactively Legalize West Bank Settlements goralikus/istock/Thinkstock (JERUSALEM) -- A bill to legalize Israeli settlements built on the privately-owned Palestinian land in the West Bank retroactively passed a ministerial committee on Sunday. The bill would have ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 9:16PM by Louis Milman within World News Donald Trump Tells Protesters 'Don't Be Afraid', Calls for Hate Crimes to Stop ABC News (NEW YORK) -- President-Elect Donald Trump urged Americans not to be afraid of his presidency Sunday as thousands of Americans continue to demonstrate against him and his victory. ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 8:29PM by Louis Milman within Politics News GOP President-Elect Donald Trump Says Same-Sex Marriage Is "Settled" Law ABC News (NEW YORK) -- Republican President-Elect Donald Trump said he’s “fine” with same-sex marriage as the law of the land, calling the issue "settled" by the Supreme Court. The ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 8:13PM by Louis Milman within Politics News Reince Priebus: What to Know About Donald Trump's Chief of Staff Photo by Johnny Louis/FilmMagic (WASHINGTON) -- President-Elect Donald Trump announced Sunday afternoon he’s appointed Reince Priebus as his chief of staff, the first appointment of his incoming administration. While Trump ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 7:52PM by Louis Milman within Politics News Trump Looms Large Over President Obama's Farewell Foreign Tour (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) (WASHINGTON) -- President Obama’s final foreign trip as the United States' head of state this week had been planned as a way to reassure ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 6:25PM by Louis Milman within Politics News Rams Not Ready to Turn to Jared Goff Yet, Fisher Says Photo by Scott Clarke / ESPN Images (NEW YORK) -- An ugly 9-6 win over the New York Jets will allow Los Angeles Rams quarterback Case Keenum to keep his job, ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 6:15PM by Louis Milman within Sports News Wild Weekend Shuffles College Football Playoff Picture Photo by Allen Kee / ESPN Images (NEW YORK) -- A wild weekend of college football may have shaken up the College Football Playoff picture, but Alabama remains atop both the ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 5:20PM by Louis Milman within Sports News Harry Reid Backs Rep. Keith Ellison for DNC Chair, Cites Need for 'New Thinking' US Congress (WASHINGTON) -- Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has joined some other party leaders in throwing his support behind Rep. Keith Ellison to become the new chair of the ... created on Sunday, November 13, 2016 at 4:54PM by Louis Milman within Politics News Page 1 2 3 4 5 ... 17608 Copyright © 2016, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Children's Online Privacy Policy External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Website powered by Squarespace ABC News Radio
null
Love Celebs Beauty Style #Cosmovotes Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give A Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search Today's Top Stories 1 Tweets About Donald Trump's Transition Team 2 5 Reasons You Keep Getting UTIs Created For From Cosmopolitan For Created By Cosmopolitan For AZO 3 Chimamanda Adichie on Donald Trump's Racism 4 This Epic Father-Daughter Dance Blew Everyone Away 5 John Legend Releases 'Love Me Now' Video Get That Life: How I Became the Star of Your Favorite Viral BuzzFeed Videos Quinta Brunson creates and stars in some of your favorite viral videos. YouTube By Heather Wood Rudulph Oct 10, 2016 At 26, Quinta Brunson is one of the youngest video content creators at BuzzFeed Motion Pictures, the video-production arm of the media company responsible for more than 5 billion monthly video views. Brunson writes, produces, and stars in videos that showcase her perspective on life — from what it’s like going on a nice date for the first time to the pitfalls of being the only black friend. In addition to creating short viral videos that have raked in more than 138 million views on BuzzFeed alone, Brunson has inked a production development deal that allows her to create original scripted series and specials, and share in the profits of sales and distribution. Her first series, Broke — a comedy about three twentysomethings navigating life, friendship, and money woes — sold to YouTube Red in April, and she recently sold another series, Adopted, to Verizon’s go90 service. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Brunson seems poised for Hollywood stardom, but she explains why she’ll always remain loyal to the platform that gave her a big break. When I was in college at Temple University in Philadelphia, I became obsessed with Saturday Night Live and The Office. I thought the writing and performing was amazing, and I wanted to figure out how to do that. So I started researching everyone on those shows. That’s when I found out about The Second City in Chicago. My boyfriend at the time was living in Chicago and I was visiting him often. During my next visit, I enrolled in an introductory class at The Second City. Improv and sketch comedy felt very natural to me, like all the things I loved had come together: my sense of humor, being on stage — I grew up performing in dance troupes — and collaborating with other people. I was the only black 18-year-old girl in class, but I felt like my perspective was valued in the room. Macey J. Foronda/BuzzFeed I started to take full weeks off of school to go to Chicago for weeklong workshops at The Second City. I’d do my homework and turn everything in, but eventually my grades started to suffer. My parents didn’t know until about my seventh trip out to Chicago. They wanted me to finish my degree, get a practical job, and chill the hell out. I decided to take a semester off instead. I took a job at the Apple Store to save money. I came out to L.A. for three months to see what it was like. I lived with friends and enrolled in classes at The Second City. One of my friends got me a job as a styling assistant for Elle. I also worked as a production assistant on a music video, and a friend got me a job as an assistant on Key & Peele. My experience was super romantic so I was like, “I am coming out here for good!” Advertisement - Continue Reading Below After three months, I went back to Philadelphia [my hometown]. The university had gotten rid of my communications major and I lost a bunch of credits. [Finishing school] didn’t make sense to me anymore. My plan was to work at the Apple Store in Philly for a few more months to save money, and then move out to L.A. My mother was super disappointed, but my dad was like, “Do what you think you need to do. Just take care of yourself.” They still want me to walk across that stage and receive a piece of paper. Maybe I’ll try to get an honorary degree. Macey J. Foronda/BuzzFeed In January 2013, I moved out to L.A. I got a job at the Apple Store to pay the bills, and every now and then, I would get a little side job as a styling assistant for Elle or Details. I spent the rest of my time taking classes at The Second City and performing with them. I joined an improv team with my friends and we started a monthly show at iO West, which is another improv school in L.A. I also did standup comedy at open mics whenever I could. My goal was to continue doing stage comedy and eventually a Mr. Big Shot Producer would come out and say, “You need to be on SNL!” But that did not happen. Actor John Cho from Star Trek came to a show and told me he thought it was really good. I was like, “Great, can I be in a movie with you?” But that’s not how it works. You have to just keep grinding and hustling. Toward the end of 2013, I was joking with a friend of mine about how my butt won’t clap. As a black woman, I’ve always felt weird about not having a big butt. Other girls would talk about making their butts clap and I couldn’t do it. I was cracking my friend Sarah up, and she recorded me and convinced me to put the video online. http://thequintab.tumblr.com/post/65975040248/having-trouble-making-it-clap I put it up on my Tumblr and on Instagram, and it blew up. Another friend who had a lot of followers posted it on his Instagram, and people really liked it and shared it. Once people who I didn’t know started sharing it and posting it, I was like, Oh, this is cool. Making videos is something I could do. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below In January 2014, I made the first video of “The Girl Who’s Never Been on a Nice Date” [in which the character marvels at big-spending gestures like large movie popcorn and artisan lattes]. It got thousands of comments, and I started gaining 5,000 to 10,000 followers [on Instagram] a day. The response encouraged me to turn it into a series to see what I could make happen with it. The second one in the series had more than 50,000 likes and 30,000 comments. People were like, “This is hilarious,” “Please make more,” “Oh my god, I know this girl,” “I am this girl.” I created a YouTube channel and kept posting. Instagram also only allowed 15-second videos, so on YouTube, I could start to experiment with longer videos. I opened a Big Cartel store [an online marketplace for independent merchants] and started telling T-shirts with catchphrases from the videos on them. It was the first time I saw a tangible opportunity to stop working at Apple. I loved my job and the people I worked with, but I did not want to fix phones for the rest of my life. I made great money selling T-shirts and a little money from YouTube. The problem was I had never had a lot of money before so I lost it all. I should have saved every single penny I earned. Instead, I spent it all on too many shopping sprees and going out to eat. I was giving away money to everyone, and always paying for dinners with friends. I don’t know who I thought I was. It didn’t help that I was having an artist’s struggle. I wanted to write and shoot new things, but when I stopped making the girl-on-a-date videos, the T-shirts stopped selling. I was doing a few branded videos on YouTube and I had enough styling assistant work to keep me afloat, but barely. Macey J. Foronda/BuzzFeed Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Around that time my friend Justin, who I did stand-up with, invited me to come to BuzzFeed to be in a taste test video. It was just something fun to do, and they paid me $50. Justin kept bringing me back for more videos, and every time I came to the offices, other creators asked me to be in their videos. The more time I spent there, the more it felt like BuzzFeed was the place I wanted to be. I loved the open creative space full of collaborators. And so many of the videos the creators were making were changing people’s perceptions. For example, one creator did a video called “If Black People Said the Stuff White People Say.” It was so simple and smart. I wanted to do the same kind of perspective-bending videos. I was coming into BuzzFeed so much that I developed really good relationships with everyone who worked there. Finally, I went up to the guy in charge [of the video production department] and I told him I wanted to work there. He suggested I do a residency, a paid program BuzzFeed has where you can come in as a creator from the outside to see if it’s a good fit. It was everything I wanted. I need consistency and stability and the ability to create. And to do that I needed access to resources. In September 2014 I was offered a job as a junior producer. There was a quota to make six videos a month. It was a lot of pressure, but everyone else was doing it so I had to step up. I had relative freedom, but the goal was for all of the videos to be relatable content that could go viral. The first viral video I made the first month I was there was about the perks of being short. I love that video because people from every single race, creed, and religion were like, “Oh my god, this is me!” I had been at BuzzFeed for about a year when I talked to my boss about making a series. I was interested in creating a conversation around how your financial state affects your life. My boss loved the idea and the first episode [of Broke] had a million hits in a week. The fact that it [starred] three characters who were black also felt special because [shows with all-black casts] notoriously don’t do as well. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Macey J. Foronda/BuzzFeed We put together five short episodes of Broke and then I signed on to become a development partner. It basically means BuzzFeed is buying into me as a creator. I am a full partner in all of the content I create, and profit from it being sold or distributed. Broke did really well on BuzzFeed, so we were in talks with other studios to sell a full season of 12 episodes, which [would] introduce it to new audiences. It took awhile to find the right partner because I was intent on retaining control of the writing and production, and a lot of people weren’t used to that. I was in rooms where I was asked [by producers], “What are you doing here?” I don’t think they were used to seeing someone so young, who also wanted to be involved in every aspect of the production. It feels like a blow to the ego, but I recover and move on. In April, we sold Broke to YouTube Red because they took it as it was. It was a sizable check, but it also felt like extreme validation. I felt like I could actually be successful at the thing I wanted to do. The best feeling was that I became part of the movement that will push new narratives into Hollywood. A lot of things people are upset about or frustrated by with Hollywood stem from the fact that the same old narrative is being sold over and over again. That’s because there aren’t people of color or young people as showrunners, writers, and producers. I like to deliver things in a matter-of-fact way and then we can open up a conversation about it. For example, I made a video called “Natural Hair vs. The Perm.” I used to have perms and my hair was easier to deal with. It’s a question of what’s better, having an easy hairstyle or making sure I’m not influenced by these European beauty standards? You don’t always know what you want more. Macey J. Foronda/BuzzFeed After I came up with the idea, I got feedback from a few other creators and wrote the script. I then put in a production request to get equipment and find a hair store to shoot in. We shot the video in about three hours. Then it’s edited and it goes up online a day later. It’s fast, but it feels normal to me. When I talk to people who work in Hollywood and they tell me that it takes years to get a show made, that sounds crazy to me. The perm video got tons of response. People were like, “This is so real!” Others were like, “But I love perms!” and white people were like, “Wait, what’s a perm?” I witnessed a very honest dialogue going on in the comments about a topic that could be very polarizing. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below I don’t see myself giving up digital video as an outlet for creation, but I think it’s only one of many outlets I’d like to explore, such as film and TV. I’m shooting my second [scripted] series, Adopted, right now, which I wrote and produced. It’s about the lives of people who volunteer their time at pet adoption centers. I’m also working on a comedy showcase for young standups, hoping to give them the same kind of exposure older comics get. It’s called “Beta Funny” and it will launch on YouTube later this month. I want to play in all the platforms. But I’m not some white dude. People aren’t going to just be throwing money at me. So it’s nice to prove myself in the digital space so I can walk into a room and be like, “Here’s what I have. Do we want to work together?” Corrections: An earlier version of this article stated that Quinta is the youngest video content creator at BuzzFeed. She was actually the youngest showrunner when she first signed her deal with BuzzFeed Motion Pictures, and is just one of the youngest creators. An earlier version of this article also stated that her second series is called Adoption. It is actually called Adopted. These have been corrected. Get That Life is a weekly series that reveals how successful, talented, creative women got to where they are now. Check back each Monday for the latest interview. Follow Heather on Twitter. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Get That Life How I Became CNN's Donald Trump Correspondent Get That Life: How I Became The Republican Party's Leading Millennial Pollster Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Get That Life: How I Founded an Online Personal Shopping Company Get That Life: How I'm Helping Domestic Violence Victims Every Day Get That Life: How I Became an Award-Winning Food TV Host Get That Life: How I Started My Own Company at 25 Get That Life: How I Co-Founded Bitch Media Get That Life: How I Started a Networking Organization for Women Get That Life: How I Started My Own College Get That Life: How I Started a Comedy Network for Women Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Get That Life Career Get That Life: How I Became a Music Video Director How Hannah Hart Became a YouTube Star Get That Life: How I Became a Cocktail Creator Get That Life: How I Became a Zookeeper How I Became a Writer on <i>Samantha Bee</i> Get That Life: How I Became the Bestselling Author of "Luckiest Girl Alive" Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 11:25 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Light Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple, Mylan, oil shares lead US stocks up Monday October 10, 2016 10:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Wanita PKR chief threatens to sue Jamal over assault claim The Edit: Dev Patel talks about Garth Davis’ ‘Lion’ The Edit: Top movies at the box office The Edit: Son writes heartfelt note as Leonard Cohen buried in Montreal Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York September 27, 2016. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Oct 10 — Wall Street stocks jumped early today with Apple gaining on news of more trouble with rival smartphone-maker Samsung and petroleum-linked shares advancing on higher oil prices. Apple rose 1.6 per cent as Samsung Electronics acknowledged it was adjusting production of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone due to reports that replacement units for devices with exploding lithium-ion batteries are also catching fire. Dow members ExxonMobil and Chevron both picked up more than one per cent as US oil prices climbed above US$50 (RM200) a barrel. About 35 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,381,53, up 0.8 per cent. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 0.7 per cent to 2,168.73 while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.9 per cent to 5,338.80. Mylan soared 9.4 per cent after it announced late Friday that it reached a settlement with some regulators to pay US$465 million to resolve accusations that it overbilled the federal Medicaid programme for the EpiPen allergy medication Twitter dived 12.7 per cent following reports that several prospective acquirers of the company are no longer interested in bidding. One of the most often-mentioned names, Salesforce.com, jumped 6.1 per cent; its shares had been beaten down after news surfaced that it was interested in Twitter. Dow member Merck added 1.7 per cent as it released research at an oncology conference in Denmark showing a strong performance for its Keytruda treatment for lung cancer in clinical tests. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb fell 9.1 per cent after its treatment for the same condition performed “worse than expected,” said a note from Jefferies. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Global stocks fall with emerging markets as traders weigh US election One less haven for investors as Trump damages Denmark’s appeal Dollar advances on Trump bets as Japanese shares buoyed by GDP Australia should follow India and scrap big bank notes, UBS says KL shares lower in early trade Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Stocks, dollar, Mexico peso jump after FBI clears Clinton Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Pollsters who predicted Trump win benefit from industry’s miss Wall Street elite stunned at Trump triumph (VIDEO) Trump’s Wall Street fans cheer as markets churn (VIDEO) Investors see no let up to market bloodbath if Trump wins presidency Trump’s chance of victory skyrockets in betting exchanges, online market Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Shares of Apple hit 2016 high amid Samsung woes Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 10 Oct 2016 | 4:18 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Analyst: Apple taking market share from Samsung</p> <p>Tim Long, BMO Capital Markets senior analyst, discusses his take on Samsung&#039;s Note7 recall and whether this is good news for Apple.</p> Analyst: Apple taking market share from Samsung    Monday, 10 Oct 2016 | 2:16 PM ET | 03:00 Shares of Apple's stock hit their 2016 high on Monday amid reports that Samsung had adjusted production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to "ensure quality and safety matters." At least five reports have surfaced of Galaxy Note 7 phones overheating or catching fire, according to the AP, despite a global recall of the handsets last month. The continuing issues with the phones, which compete with Apple's iPhone 7, have led some to sound the death knell for the product. "We see a more favorable competitive landscape and higher Android switcher rates for AAPL over the next 12-18 months as Samsung's issues may weigh on future product launches and given AAPL's strong potential offerings," wrote Angelo Zino, equity analyst at CFRA Research. Apple's shares bounced 1.75 percent to $116.06 on Monday, hitting a intraday high of $116.75, the highest level since December 10, 2015. The move had the most positive impact on the Nasdaq 100 Monday. CNBC reached out to Apple for comment. "We recognize that carrier partners have stopped sales and exchanges of the Galaxy Note7 in response to reports of heat damage issues, and we respect their decision," Samsung told CNBC. "We are working diligently with authorities and third party experts and will share findings when we have completed the investigation. Even though there are a limited number of reports, we want to reassure customers that we are taking every report seriously." Samsung shares closed down 1.52 percent in the Korean trading session, but are still up 15 percent over the past three months as the conglomerate reported stronger-than-expected earnings. In addition to a wide range of products, Samsung produces chips and screens for its rival smartphone makers. Apple shares are up around 20 percent over the same three-month period, when it debuted its new iPhone 7. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Apple to sell 45 million iPhone units in the September quarter, down from 48 million a year ago but up from 39 million in 2014, when the iPhone 6 debuted. It all comes just a day before the pair are slated to face off in the Supreme Court over a smartphone design patent case. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian stocks mostly up amid reports on Samsung, oil supply By Associated Press Published: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 22:49 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday, while South Korea's benchmark fell following reports of fresh problems with Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.2 percent to 17,046.16. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. South Korea's Kospi slipped 0.9 percent to 2,039.04. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added nearly 0.2 percent to 5,484.60. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 23,849.01, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.3 percent to 3,057.02. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 5.4 percent after the company said it was sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, in late September after the devices were found to have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsung¿s Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices fell slightly after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. THE QUOTE: "It was Russia to the rescue last night, as Vladimir Putin said Russia was ready to join with OPEC in creating a deal to curb production and pump up prices. At the same Energy Congress in Istanbul, the ever outspoken Algerian Energy Minister called on other non-OPEC producers to join them," Jeff Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 11 cents to $51.24. It added $1.54 to $51.35 a barrel in New York on Monday, its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 7 cents to $53.07 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 103.94 yen from 102.96 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $ 1.1128 from $1.1192. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Trump wins Results and reaction to new President Got a story, picture or video to share? Quizzes Videos Most read News Sections Latest News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health Top News Young woman who survived Bataclan massacre by playing dead returns one year on with her three week old baby Most Read in News Families flee New Zealand coast as tsunami waves sparked by 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Christchurch New Zealand tsunami: Live updates as search and rescue operation begins after major 7.8-magnitude earthquake kills two No, Jeremy Corbyn wasn't dancing a jig on his way to the Cenotaph First aerial footage of New Zealand earthquake aftermath as daybreak reveals nightmare landscape of collapsed homes and landslides Donald Trump on 60 minutes: 12 key moments from president elect's first TV interview Trending Today Donald Trump Jeremy Corbyn Andrew Marr Hillary Rodham Clinton Barack Obama Popular this week US Election Hillary Rodham Clinton Donald Trump Weather Remembrance Day Politics Football Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Top Sport Andy Murray's former coach Jonas Bjorkman plots his downfall in first game as world No 1 at the O2 Most Read in Sport UFC 205 LIVE Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez with stunning second round TKO to win title Eddie Alvarez brands himself "stupid" after UFC 205 knockout defeat to Conor McGregor Conor McGregor lands $50,000 bonus after Eddie Alvarez knockout victory at UFC 205 5 strikers Liverpool could sign as Jurgen Klopp targets a new No.9 at Anfield Manchester United fans pick six players for Jose Mourinho to axe and four to sign in January Conor McGregor makes baby announcement after UFC 205 as girlfriend Dee Devlin is pregnant with first child Popular this week Conor McGregor UFC 205 Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho Trending Today Conor McGregor Eddie Alvarez Lewis Hamilton Stephen Thompson Jose Mourinho Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb News Top Celebs Jesy Nelson is NOT wearing her engagement ring as Little Mix perform in Australia Most Read in Celebs Donald Trump's wife Melania naked shoot for GQ Magazine as girl-on-girl photos are exposed Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at trolls over her weight and finally sets wedding date to marry Dan Osborne I'm A Celebrity's Lisa Snowdon's wild affair with married England ace laid bare Coronation Street actress Eileen Derbyshire 'to QUIT the ITV soap after 55 years' Trending Today Aaron Sidwell Lisa Snowdon Donald Trump George Clooney Joel Dommett Popular this week Michael Buble Leonard Cohen Cheryl Fernandez-Versini Honey G TV & Film Weird News Trending US Election Clinton Trump Weather Remembrance Benefit cap Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Apple Watch Your Account Edit Profile Logout UK ministers blocked from wearing Apple Watches in Cabinet meetings - in case Russians hack them 15:01, 10 Oct 2016 Updated 15:02, 10 Oct 2016 By Kirstie McCrum The unusual measure has been taken amidst concerns over the security of personal electronics and technology in the top-secret gatherings   Share   Comments Get politics news by email REUTERS Apple Watches are the height of tech, but Mrs May's government are barred from donning them for meetings UK Government ministers have been BANNED from wearing Apple watches at high level meetings in case the Russians are listening in. The reported ruling comes amid growing concern that smart gadgets like the £230 watches can used as listening devices to broadcast overheard conversations. The move follows a similar block on bringing mobiles to Cabinet meetings. A source told the Daily Telegraph : "The Russians are trying to hack everything." Read More Stolen 'NSA hack' spying tools CAN compromise firewalls With relations between the west and Russia deteriorating, some fear that hacking into tech is the way that the regime will gather the edge on intelligence. But Russia’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova has hit back at the report. PA Theresa May holds a cabinet meeting at the Prime Minister's country retreat Chequers “Apple Watch, easy. It is strange that the Daily Telegraph do not know that ‘Russian secret agents’ can hack Breguet even better," she wrote on Facebook , naming to a Swiss manufacturer of luxury watches. Concerns were raised after hackers obtained confidential emails from the Democratic National Congress during the presidential election campaign, as well as their target of the World Andi Doping Agency, or WADA, which saw the release of the medical files of athletes. Tech gadgets haven't always been barred from the meetings , as Michael Gove can attest to. The then chief whip was chastised by former PM David Cameron for his ringtone going off in the Cabinet blasting Beyonce to the gathering. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls Michael Gove had a problem when his phone went off in Cabinet meeting Cabinet members looked on in amusement as Beyonce's latest hit began blasting from the former Education Secretary's newly-acquired Pebble smartwatch. The gadget was a present from his wife Sarah Vine and Mr Gove was trying to discreetly check his emails on the device. Read More Russian hacking scandal could mean athletes refuse to be tested The politician's wife revealed her husband's difficulty in her newspaper column, describing how he struggled to silence the pop diva's song in vain while Chancellor George Osborne was talking about the latest drop in inflation. Apple unveil new smart watch partnership with Nike: Video loading Watch next Watch this video again Watch Next Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video She wrote: "And so it was that just as the Chancellor of the Exchequer was explaining a particularly complex piece of fiscal policy to Her Majesty’s assembled Cabinet, my husband (the Government Chief Whip, Michael Gove) mistakenly instructed his watch to play Beyonce’s latest oeuvre." And it seems the Cabinet were kept waiting as he struggled to work his new gadget. She wrote: "Try as he might, he simply could not silence her warblings. "The more buttons he pressed, the more effusive she got. "Eventually, he managed to switch her off, but not before he had received a stern reprimand from the Prime Minister himself." DailyMirror Comments Show more comments Recently Published iPhone sales continue to slide as Apple shifts focus to apps and services Sales of Apple's flagship devices are stalling as the smartphone market reaches saturation When was Apple's MacBook event 2016? How to watch Tim Cook's October 27 keynote Nobody is buying smartwatches any more: Research shows huge slump in sales of Apple Watch-style gadgetry Previous Articles 'Russian government cyber-warriors hack into database to discover Donald Trump's weaknesses' The cyber-spies gained access to the Democratic National Committee's entire database of opposition research on their rival, it has been reported Hacking group Shadow Brokers claims to be selling online spy tools stolen from the NSA Related Tags Products iWatch Apple Watch 2 Apple Watch See Also Politics Organisations Cabinet Apple In the news Hacking Recommended in World news Earthquake New Zealand earthquake: Second tremor hits with magnitude of 6.8 just hours after deadly quake kills two Donald Trump Donald Trump 'will be paid just $1 to be President' he reveals in 60 minutes interview Richie McCaw All Blacks legend Richie McCaw is real life hero as he joins deadly New Zealand earthquake rescue team Donald Trump The way we beat the demagogues spouting prejudice is by selling a better alternative NHS Secret NHS plans to shut down hospitals as managers told to keep closures quiet Donald Trump Donald Trump on 60 minutes: 12 key moments from president elect's first TV interview Smoking Just ONE fine issued for smoking in cars with children in the year after new law Care homes Care homes face insolvency as industry struggles to cope with Government cuts and rising wage costs Brexit Theresa May and Donald Trump on collision course by taking up opposing views on trade Aviva plc Last chance to help an eco project near you win £25,000 - voting closes this Friday! Most Read in News Earthquake Families flee New Zealand coast as tsunami waves sparked by 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Christchurch Tsunami New Zealand tsunami: Live updates as search and rescue operation begins after major 7.8-magnitude earthquake kills two Jeremy Corbyn No, Jeremy Corbyn wasn't dancing a jig on his way to the Cenotaph Earthquake First aerial footage of New Zealand earthquake aftermath as daybreak reveals nightmare landscape of collapsed homes and landslides Donald Trump Donald Trump on 60 minutes: 12 key moments from president elect's first TV interview Recommended on the Mirror Earthquake New Zealand earthquake: Second tremor hits with magnitude of 6.8 just hours after deadly quake kills two Andy Murray Andy Murray's former coach Jonas Bjorkman plots his downfall in first game as world No 1 at the O2 Edwina Currie in I'm A Celebrity 2014 Wayne Bridge impresses Gary Lineker with his counting skills while skydiving on I'm A Celebrity opener Donald Trump Donald Trump 'will be paid just $1 to be President' he reveals in 60 minutes interview Supermoon Supermoon 2016: Once in a lifetime sight to be brightest in almost 70 years tonight Richie McCaw All Blacks legend Richie McCaw is real life hero as he joins deadly New Zealand earthquake rescue team Donald Trump The way we beat the demagogues spouting prejudice is by selling a better alternative NHS Secret NHS plans to shut down hospitals as managers told to keep closures quiet Donald Trump Donald Trump on 60 minutes: 12 key moments from president elect's first TV interview Transfer gossip round-up Harry Kane and Tottenham in contract talk stand-off? Transfer news and gossip from Monday's papers Like us on Facebook The Mirror   View: Desktop Mobile BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business Find a garage About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Politics World news Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Technology Play Bingo Casino Crosswords Competitions Dating Goal Time Poker UsVsTh3m Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Celebs Celebrity News US gossip Fashion & Beauty TV & film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Loans Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Psychic Staying in Going out Reader Offers Sex & Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring © MGN Limited
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple and Samsung's Long-Running Design Lawsuit Heading to Supreme Court This Week Monday October 10, 2016 7:51 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard Nearly six years after the legal battle over smartphone design similarities began between Apple and Samsung, the two companies are now about to take the case to the United States Supreme Court on Tuesday, October 11. At stake is the outcome of how much of a combined $548 million patent infringement ruling Samsung will be required to pay to Apple (via Bloomberg). That amount is taken from Samsung's total profit of the 11 disputed smartphones targeted by Apple in the trial, an amount which Samsung refers to as a "disproportionate" sum for the patent infringement accusations leveled at it by Apple. The Cupertino company has remained adamant in regards to Samsung's "blatant copying" of various iPhone design features, still fighting to win the full $399 million reward (the case involves approximately another $150 million focused on Samsung's alleged infringement of Apple's pinch-to-zoom patent). Specifically, Apple's design patents cover "the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view." Last December, a federal court in San Jose ruled in Apple's favor, and Samsung appealed days later in attempts to avoid the $548 million reward payment to Apple. In Samsung's appeal, the company gave the court a metaphor centering around owing a car's entire profits to a rival company for infringing upon their cup holder design. In urging the Supreme Court to take up the appeal, Samsung said the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup-holder. Apple rejects that analogy, saying that its patented features are more like the design of the entire car. The issue now appears to be focused on the difference between the court determining if Apple's accusations cover individual components of patent infringement, or the entire product. In court records, Apple is said to "accept" that in some cases the patent owner can collect profits only "attributable to a particular component," not the earnings of the entire Samsung smartphone. All the same, Apple said that Samsung "failed to show that the patented designs applied only to part of its phones" during the previous half-decade of court proceedings, so the latter company's defense of paying less for individual parts of the smartphone shouldn't be allowed to stand. According to lawyer Kannon Shanmugam, the case "has essentially now devolved into a dispute over what party showed what at trial and who bears the burden of proof." In total the patent dispute amounts to nearly $550 million aimed at Samsung. The company has already paid the amount, but a clause stipulates the potential ruling in its favor requires Apple to pay back the money. Just last week, in a completely separate Samsung-vs-Apple lawsuit, The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit granted Apple a $120 million win over Samsung concerning the company's slide-to-unlock patent. According to Chicago patent lawyer Paul Berghoff, a clarifying decision on the specific amount owed by Samsung to Apple could be the ultimate "catalyst for a final settlement" in the long-running case. “Sometimes once litigants have been battling for so long, what happens is they develop levels of enmity and distrust on both sides that make it very difficult to settle the cases,” he said. “Face-saving is a very real issue for all companies. It’s hard to get out of it once you’re in it.” Interestingly, the case also marks the Supreme Court's first examination of a design patent dispute in 120 years, "which cover the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect." Previously, the Supreme Court oversaw design patents in disputes focused on spoon handles in the 1870s and carpets in the 1890s. Tag: Samsung [ 106 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) keysofanxiety 5 weeks ago You can't patent "the look and feel" of a device, according to Samsung. Well, they tried their damnedest to get the look. Shame they couldn't get the same user experience. Rating: 21 Votes Kangastu 5 weeks ago Samsung defence lawyer: "Your honour we can't possibly have copied Apple, none of their phones are exploding. If the device has no flames you must acquit!" (I know this dates back 6 years - but hey - it's topical) :) Rating: 11 Votes kas23 5 weeks ago Hopefully common sense prevails and the SCOTUS throws this case out. I never owned an Android phone and never will, but I just don't see how the shape of the iPhone is unique. And neither is slide-to-unlock, which was around before the iPhone. Rating: 9 Votes kdarling 5 weeks ago For those readers who are intelligent lifeforms, and actually want to know what this appeal is about: The primary part of this appeal is not about whether Samsung was found to infringe or not. TL;DR - This is about the calculation of the award for design patents. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- For decades, one or two design patents pretty much covered an entire product, and normal patent awards were considered sufficient. Then in 1887, in response to a carpet maker getting a tiny award from a copied rug design patent, Congress passed a law that gave design patents a special bonus over utility patents: * The ability to award all of an infringer's profits to the design patent holder. And that's what the Koh jury did. They gave Apple all or most of Samsung's profits on certain phones, partly for having an icon grid, flat face and rounded corners. There are other legal questions about them doing that, but... The BIG question that everyone wants SCOTUS to address, which is whether or not the "entire profits" rule applies to the whole product, or just the parts that infringe. You see, this is not like a hundred years ago, with simple products. Today's highly integrated devices such as smartphones contain literally thousands of patented items. Allowing the award to encompass an entire product means that even if, say, Apple used a single patented design element somewhere deep in a control panel, the patent holder could demand ALL of Apple's profits for the entire device. Worse, it means that EVERY SINGLE design patent holder, large or small, could EACH DEMAND ALL THE PROFITS. Good God. Taken to extremes, such awards could wipe out Apple and Samsung entirely. Not to mention everyone from the local grocer, to someone making a tiny product with their home savings. Thus, virtually nobody (except designers, naturally) thinks that this is fair or the true intent of that law. If you think much more complicated utility patent trolls are bad now, then letting someone with a simple patented drawing demand an entire device's profits will bring out trolls like nothing ever seen before... while also putting both large and small companies at huge risk. Even Apple is now backing off (as many here predicted) their original claim that it should apply to an entire device. They know that they themselves will be in grave danger if that concept stands. Instead, they're falling back on legal nitpicking to claim that SCOTUS should only look at what Samsung presented in that particular trial as proof of what percentage of their products infringed. But nobody wants just that. They want SCOTUS to make a stand. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- A more detailed explanation of the appeals questions is in one of my previous posts here ('//forums.macrumors.com/threads/apple-says-u-s-supreme-court-should-reject-samsungs-appeal-request.1954614/page-4#post-22540335'). TL;DR #2 - if you're one of those who thinks VirnetX shouldn't get a half billion dollars from Apple for a few fairly important utility patents, then you'd sure better start backing Samsung's side. Because that's nothing compared to the billions that someone with a tiny design patent could demand and get. Rating: 7 Votes iapplelove 5 weeks ago With everything going on in today's world..this seems pretty damn petty. Rating: 7 Votes kdarling 5 weeks ago Ok, I concede that the judge ruled on the legal definition of willful. No argument there. You did use the word intentional instead in your other post though and I don't think anyone, in the face of the evidence, could say that Samsung didn't push the fast follower model to the limit and intentionally copy, clone even, significant amounts of Apple's design. Yeah, I accidentally used "intentional" because someone else did. Brain glitch. HTC and Apple (and Microsoft and Apple for that matter) have existing legal arrangements between them. Right, although it's lop-sided. Apple can use anything of HTCs, but HTC cannot directly copy any design of Apple's. That alone should tell everyone that Apple used HTC's antenna case design, not the other way around. Otherwise Apple could've stopped them. Instead, HTC publicly said they didn't copy Apple, and Apple has never made a peep. Rating: 7 Votes symphara 5 weeks ago Every time I hear about Apple patenting rounded corners I think this world is crazy. Rating: 6 Votes wikiverse 5 weeks ago Yes, there's wars in the world. Lets stop defending our inventions :rolleyes: Apple didn't invent 'pinch to zoom' though. Mitsubishi did for the DiamondTouch - released in 2001. [MEDIA=youtube]EwRjb4fNWAI[/MEDIA] ('https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwRjb4fNWAI') Apple should never have been granted a patent for it because Prior Art existed in a functioning commercial product. Apple deserves nothing for 'pinch-to-zoom'. Rating: 6 Votes symphara 5 weeks ago When Jobs asked Woz to add roundrecs to the MacDraw shape features it was to conform to what he saw everyday walking on the streets. The acceptance of norms was a Jobsian thing and codifying it and recreating it was his forte. Nobody else was making roundrec devices, so a design patent was possible, on what some feel is the obvious. It may be obvious but it was not ADOPTED, thus making it unique in that respect. The purpose of the patent system is to protect inventions. A mere style choice is not an invention by any stretch of imagination. Again, the thought that anyone can patent rounded corners on a consumer device fills me with dread. The US patent system seems no longer fit for purpose, if companies can patent ideas and trivial things such as "slide to unlock". I think it's great that Apple cannot pull this kind of crap where I live. Rating: 6 Votes zorinlynx 5 weeks ago The dispute over the "slide to unlock" patent is especially ironic right now as Apple just stopped using it in iOS. :) Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 22 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 2 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today opened up a new section of its iOS App Store called "For Those Who Serve" in honor of Veterans Day today, November 11. The company said that the collection of apps within the new... 11 comments iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays 3 days ago on iOS Blog iPhone display supplier Japan Display is in "advanced talks" with the government-backed fund Innovation Network Corp. of Japan to receive around ¥75 billion ($703 million) in financing,... 9 comments New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 3 days ago on iOS Blog In September, Yahoo confirmed that at least 500 million of its users' accounts had been compromised during an attack in late 2014. Now, in a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange... 26 comments Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines 3 days ago on iOS Blog Snapchat's video-recording Spectacles became available to buy in the U.S. on Thursday, not online or in stores, but from pop-up vending machines. Called 'Snapbots', the giant... 18 comments Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes 3 days ago on Mac Blog Spotify's desktop music streaming app has been accused of putting an unnecessary burden on users' machines by continuously writing massive amounts of data to local storage, even when the app... 55 comments Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store 3 days ago on Mac Blog Apple over the past two days has started approving Mac App Store apps that have been updated with Touch Bar support on the new MacBook Pro. One of the first Touch Bar apps is OmniGraffle 7, a... 43 comments • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11) • Instagram Update Introduces Boomerang and User Mentions Into Stories (3) • Apple's Extended Holiday Return Policy Now in Effect (29) • Apple Maps Now Provides Traffic Conditions in Bulgaria, Slovakia, and Slovenia (11) • Apple TV Universal Search Now Includes MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed (5) • Best Buy Unveils Black Friday Deals on iPad, MacBook Air, Apple TV, and More (24) • Classic Strategy Game 'Rome: Total War' Now Available on iPad for $9.99 (8)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Global markets hold up in face of Samsung woes Oct 10, 2016 The Associated Press   LONDON – Global shares held up Tuesday despite concerns over South Korea’s Samsung Electronics which saw its share price slide after the company said it is discontinuing production of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones permanently because of overheating handsets. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, France’s CAC 40 rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650 while Germany’s DAX rose 0.3 per cent to 10,650. Britain’s FTSE 100 rose 0.2 per cent to 7,109 following its earlier record high of 7,129.83. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.3 per cent. FTSE RECORD: The index struck a record high amid hopes that many of its constituent companies will benefit from the pound’s slide in currency markets. At first glance, the opposing moves may appear perverse. However, there is an underlying logic to the moves and it’s to do with the fact that the drop in the pound, while a drag on consumers’ and businesses’ spending abroad, is potentially good for those British firms that already have big business interests outside the U.K. On Tuesday, the pound fell a further 0.6 per cent to $1.2387. ANALYST TAKE: “U.K. investors will once again be cheering the impact of a falling pound, as the drop in sterling once again works its magic on the FTSE 100,” said Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG. SAMSUNG WOES: Shares in Samsung Electronics fell 8 per cent after the company said it was halting sales of its Note 7 smartphones. It advised customers to turn off their devices or replace them with different devices. Samsung issued a worldwide recall of the Note 7, a huge phone-bordering-on-tablet with a powerful battery, after finding the devices have a tendency to catch fire. South Korean officials said Tuesday that replacement devices have also overheated or caught fire. Unsurprisingly, Samsung’s problems were a huge weight on South Korea’s Kospi, which ended the session down 1.2 per cent at 2,031.93. OIL AND RUSSIA: Oil prices were mixed after spiking to their highest level in a year after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia, which is not a member of OPEC, supports a preliminary agreement by OPEC nations to cut oil output. Benchmark New York crude was down 48 cents at $50.87 a barrel while Brent, the international standard, fell 32 cents to $52.82 a barrel. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.0 per cent to finish at 17,024.76. Tokyo markets were closed Monday for a national holiday. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.1 per cent to 5,479.80. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1.4 per cent to 23,523.21, while the Shanghai Composite gained 0.6 per cent to 3,065.25. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed. CURRENCIES: The dollar remained in the ascendancy amid expectations of a rate hike from the Federal Reserve later this year. The euro was down 0.5 per cent at $1.1085 while the dollar was up 0.1 per cent at 103.72 yen. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 10 AAPL: 116.05 1.99 iOS 10 now installed on two thirds of devices, faster adoption than any previous iOS update Benjamin Mayo - 1 month ago @bzamayo iPhone 7 iOS 10 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit iOS 10 is now installed on more than two thirds of the active iOS device install base, recording 66.7% twenty-seven days after iOS 10 was released according to Fiksu. Mixpanel is also recording iOS 10 adoption topping 66% since Sunday. As shown by the graph, iOS 10 has the fastest adoption rate than any previous update, a month after release. Interestingly, iOS 10 initially lagged behind iOS 6, 7 and 9 until about two weeks in. The upgrade rate then rockets upwards to take the top spot at the end of September. These metrics from Fiksu and Mixpanel measure the adoption rate of the active iOS install base, as they track any iPhones and iPads in use on the web. Before iOS 10 was released, iOS 9 was installed on 88% of the active device base. Less than a month later, iOS 10 is already on the majority of iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices. There are now more devies in use running iOS 10 than iOS 9. This is unprecedented uptake outside of Apple’s ecosystem. The unusual spike two weeks after iOS 10 launch is difficult to explain, as it initially seemed like iOS 10 would lag behind iOS 9 for many months. Previous iOS updates do not feature the same ‘S-curve’ growth pattern. iOS 10 adoption spiked around September 27th. A flurry of new iPhone users unboxing their iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus units probably contributed, which ship with iOS 10 preinstalled. Although Apple will have a sold many millions of iPhone 7 so far, it does not explain most of the jump, where iOS adoption increased 20% between September 27 and October 4. One thing to consider is that Apple does not aggressively push customers to update to iOS 10 when the software ships. The initial influx of upgrades comes from people proactively visiting Software Update in iOS Settings and starting the update. Apple does sends notification for people that have not yet updated, but they are delayed by a week or more. It is possible that Apple waited to send many iOS 10 update alerts until two weeks in. The release of iOS 10.0.2 on September 23rd will also have triggered fresh update warnings for users, which may have contributed to the sudden increase in adoption. Early update issues with iOS 10 may also have made people wait a few weeks before committing to the upgrade. The next version of iOS 10, iOS 10.1, is currently in beta for developers and public beta testers and will be released by the end of the year. It includes several improvements, most noticeably adding a depth-of-field bokeh ‘Portrait’ mode for iPhone 7 Plus owners which takes advantage of the dual camera system. If someone could explain the 2-weeks-later spike in iOS 10 adoption, I’d love to hear it. https://t.co/in4ixoP5MB pic.twitter.com/rFYwXqZVYc — Benjamin Mayo (@bzamayo) October 10, 2016 Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS October 10, 2016 | 10:11 AM Apple and Samsung Take Design Dispute to Supreme Court October 10, 2016 | 10:11 AM Home » Bad News » Apple and Samsung Take Design Dispute to Supreme Court Bad News October 10, 2016 The end of the smartphone wars is almost here. Six years after Apple filed its first lawsuit alleging unauthorized copying of the iPhone, the company will square off at the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday against rival Samsung Electronics Co. They will argue over how much of a $399 million patent infringement award Samsung must pay. The fight will be one of the last showdowns between two antagonists that have filed four dozen lawsuits against each other and spent hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees. Samsung says the award, which represents its entire profit from 11 disputed phones, is a “disproportionate” sum for infringement of Apple’s patented design features. Apple says the full award is warranted given Samsung’s “blatant copying” of the iPhone’s iconic look. The case comes as both companies grapple with more pressing legal concerns — Apple’s $15 billion European tax fight and Samsung’s exploding-battery crisis. It will be the Supreme Court’s first examination in 120 years of design patents, which cover the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect. The court last looked at design patents in disputes involving spoon handles in the 1870s and carpets in the 1890s. Apple’s design patents cover the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view. A federal appeals court upheld the award, saying U.S. patent law lets Apple recoup Samsung’s total profit from the phones, and not just the part attributable to the copied design. In urging the Supreme Court to take up the appeal, Samsung said the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup-holder. Apple rejects that analogy, saying that its patented features are more like the design of the entire car. The case has narrowed since the high court accepted it in March. In court papers, Apple says it accepts that in some cases the patent holder can collect only the profit attributable to a particular component, and not the earnings from the entire product. Apple says, however, that Samsung failed to show that the patented designs applied only to part of its phones. Samsung contends that it was Apple’s burden to show that the infringement gave Samsung any increased profits. The case “has essentially now devolved into a dispute over what party showed what at trial and who bears the burden of proof,” said Kannon Shanmugam, a Washington lawyer who filed a brief backing Samsung on behalf of companies including Facebook and Google. Even so, the amount of money at issue, as well as the public-relations impact, means the stakes are still high for Apple and Samsung. The Supreme Court could uphold the award, invalidate it entirely or order a new trial on the amount of damages. Its ruling will also affect Apple’s effort to win another $180 million from Samsung for five devices that have already been found to be infringing. Samsung already paid Apple the $399 million, plus another $150 million for infringing a patent on “pinch to zoom” technology. In a separate case, a federal appeals court last week reinstated a $120 million verdict against Samsung in a suit involving Apple’s slide-to-unlock feature. Apple filed its first smartphone suit against HTC Corp. in 2010. It quickly developed into a global battle against every major manufacturer of phones running on Google’s Android operating system. In the end, Apple never succeeded in getting any disputed devices off the market because the phones evolved faster than the courts could act. HTC eventually signed an agreement not to copy the iPhone, while Motorola Mobility, then owned by Google, simply declared a cease-fire. Apple and Samsung opted in 2014 to drop all but two of the cases. A Supreme Court decision clarifying how much Samsung should pay could be the catalyst for a final settlement, though it won’t be easy, said Paul Berghoff, a Chicago patent lawyer with McDonnell Boehnen Hulbert & Berghoff who has been watching the case but isn’t involved in it. “Sometimes once litigants have been battling for so long, what happens is they develop levels of enmity and distrust on both sides that make it very difficult to settle the cases,” he said. “Face-saving is a very real issue for all companies. It’s hard to get out of it once you’re in it.” Featured Image: Getty Images (c) 2016, Bloomberg · Greg Stohr, Susan Decker ---- #breaking now Mistrial for officer who killed a black man while wearing Confederate flag shirt An Ohio judge has declared a mistrial in the case of a former University of Cincinnati police officer who… 0 Comments 24238 Views NYPD: Sex Offender Wearing Ankle Monitor Assaults Woman on Subway NEW YORK — NYPD Transit Police Officers arrested a level three sex offender who was wearing an ankle monitoring… 0 Comments 22921 Views Univ. of Michigan student wearing a hijab threatened to be lit on fire, police say A University of Michigan student was approached by a stranger who threatened to set her on fire with a… 0 Comments 64549 Views FEDS: 150 Additional Border Agents Being Sent to South Texas EDINBURG, Texas- United States Customs and Border Protection is coordinating the temporary deployment of an additional 150 agents to… 0 Comments 113369 Views BREAKING: Magnitude 6.2 quake strikes South Island of New Zealand The US Geological Survey has recorded a new powerful 6.2 quake that rocked the South Island of New Zealand. “There… 0 Comments 143652 Views Kellyanne Conway: It’s up to Clinton, Obama to calm anti-Trump protesters Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, said it was incumbent upon Hillary Clinton, President Barack Obama and other… 0 Comments 101618 Views Maryland’s illegal immigrant truck drivers can keep their commercial licenses Dozens of undocumented immigrants who hold commercial driver’s licenses in Maryland will be able to keep those licenses as… 0 Comments 116897 Views Here’s What Hillary Clinton Said To Trump In Post-Election Phone Call In a “60 Minutes” interview scheduled to air Sunday, President-elect Donald Trump shifted his position on Obamacare, saying he… 0 Comments 306476 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 157,145 followers #trending Trump To Immediately Deport 2 to 3 Million Illegal Immigrants comments 1365823 Views Colleges offer hot chocolate, therapy dogs and Play-Doh to students after Trump victory comments 1185981 Views Calif. Deputy Killed In The Line of Duty | Developing Story comments 1015658 Views 71 arrested after Portland anti-Trump protest turns into riot comments 901180 Views Anti-Trump Protester Displays ‘Rape Melania’ Sign comments 544838 Views Michael Moore visits Trump Tower to deliver a note comments 399955 Views Alaska Police Officer Shot Multiple Times In Ambush; Suspect Killed comments 387627 Views Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars, buildings comments 362216 Views Here’s What Hillary Clinton Said To Trump In Post-Election Phone Call comments 306417 Views Nigel Farage spotted in Trump Tower amid rumours of meeting with president-elect comments 297555 Views Trump names Priebus as chief of staff, Bannon as chief strategist comments 281848 Views 4-Year-Old Indiana Girl Shoots Herself In The Face, Mother In Back of Head comments 270069 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 10 AAPL: 116.05 1.99 Majority of Irish voters back Apple and Irish government in opposing EU tax ruling – poll Ben Lovejoy - 1 month ago @benlovejoy AAPL Ireland Tax View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A poll for the Irish Times found that the majority of Irish voters believe that the government is right to join Apple in appealing against the EU ruling that the Cupertino company must pay €13B ($14.5B) in back taxes. When asked whether the Government was right to appeal the ruling that Apple should pay €13 billion in back tax, 47 per cent said yes, 39 per cent said no and 14 per cent had no opinion. The decision to appeal the ruling caused a storm of controversy both at home and abroad, but the poll shows a majority of people back the Government’s stance. Apple quickly and aggressively denounced the claim, announcing that it would be appealing against the ruling in court, but the Irish government took a little longer to reach its decision to launch its own appeal. The Irish government was caught in a dilemma. While the majority of those in the USA sided with Apple, many in Europe took a different view, seeing the case as another example of a large corporation using its size and global reach to aggressively avoid paying its fair share of tax. The Irish government had to be mindful of that view while at the same time not doing anything to upset a company bringing a lot of jobs and wealth to the country, The poll shows that, while views are still very much split, the government correctly judged the mood of the majority in the country. Guides AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide Ireland View THe Guide Tax View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Monday, November 14th Print Archive Advertising Home News Opinion Entertainment Reviews Feature Sports Photo Galleries Video Social Apple update gets good, bad reviews October 10, 2016 7:06 am By The latest version of Apple’s mobile operating system, iOS 10, caused serious “bickering” problems for iPhones and iPad users. Apple users quickly updated their phones to see the new features iOS had to offer. New features to the software update includes changes to iMessage, fonts, music and the lock screen. But one of the biggest points of the update is to feature the new emojis. Users of this update are mourning about the loss of the gun emoji and other emojis that have changed as well. “I don’t like how it doesn’t go to home like it used to. Like it goes directly back to the app that I previously used,” said Leo Galvan who was a previous Delta student. “I also noticed that the camera icon on the lock screen is not there anymore like it used to.” The software update was released worldwide on September 13, but with a few problems. Just moments after the update was released, millions of users shared their opinions of Apple’s “biggest release ever” on social media. Apple users also have said that the new updated emojis are similar to the android emojis. Delta student Ronalyn Villamor, gave her opinion about the new look of the emojis. “The new emojis look more 3D and they kinda remind me of android emojis, which looks a little weird,” she said. “It’s sort of the same.” Galvan also said, “I like them because they put a little more character in the faces so it looks more life-like. In particular, the water gun that has replaced the pistol emoji was poorly received, as users said it would make their messages look less threatening. “The water gun emoji kinda ruins the purpose of using the gun emoji,” said Sammy Rodrigo, Delta student. “They should’ve just left the gun emoji alone, it was fine,” he said. The hashtag iOS10 was trending on Twitter and has been used over 152,000 times. Apple’s iOS 10 update has also received positive reviews from single parent families now that the update provides a single parent family emoji. The combinations include a mom or dad with up to two children (boy or girl). Many people seem to appreciate the update as a single parent or the child of a single parent for being included into the popular communication tool. “I didn’t know that they were there. It doesn’t really bother me, I think it’s pretty cool for those people who do have single parents,” said Rodrigo. “I think it’s really good, another demographic of families. So I think that’s good,” Leo Galvan said. iOS10 has featured over 70 new emojis and includes people emojis that now appear more lifelike and also feature multiple skin tones and genders. “I love the multiple skin tones,” said Galvan. “I think it’s kind cool because it kinda resembles yourself. But I don’t like how you can’t change the skin color on the family emojis.” iOS10 has had positive and negative reviews about their new improvements. According to data from a technology website called Brandwatch, user’s response to the update is more positive than negative with 59.8 percent of mentions being positive and 67 percent being negative. Since the iOS update, Apple has been the #1 trend on social media and has also received many buyers for the new iPhone 7. Share this: Email Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Print Collegian Video Oops, something went wrong. Print Archive Advertising Print Archive Advertising search: © Copyright 2016 — The Collegian. All Rights Reserved Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple Watch banned from UK government cabinet meetings over spying concerns By Christian Zibreg, Oct 10, 2016 Tweet 9 Comments British newspaper The Telegraph reported yesterday that the Apple Watch has been banned from government cabinet meetings after ministers warned wearable devices could be vulnerable to hacking by state-sponsored spies. Smartphones, too, have been barred from cabinet meetings because of similar concerns, with one source saying that “the Russians are trying to hack everything.” Under UK’s former prime minister David Cameron, several cabinet ministers wore smartwatches, including the former Justice Secretary Michael Gove. Under the new prime minister Theresa May, ministers have been barred from wearing smartwatches over fear that they could be used by hackers “as listening devices.” Earlier in the summer, Apple’s Siri was entered as a speaker in an official Australian Parliament transcript as “Hey Siri” accidentally kicked into action and derailed a hearing. Siri interjects during the Education and Employment #estimates committee #auspol pic.twitter.com/blZm4vOHww — Found In The Hansard (@inthehansard) May 14, 2016 According to The Verge, Apple’s wearable device has been banned from Australian cabinet meetings, too. The Sydney Morning Herald reports that Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, who is a technology fan, used to check his Apple Watch in the chamber of the House of Representatives, but not anymore. He is now obliged to take it off before cabinet meetings, a government spokesman has confirmed, due to a long-standing policy that no communication devices may be taken into the sensitive room. As noted by Alastair MacGibbon, who is an advisor for Turnbull on cyber security, greater attention must be paid to communications security as more Internet-connected personal devices emerge, “from glasses to running shoes.” Source: The Telegraph Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Facebook halts WhatsApp data collection in UK following privacy probe macOS Sierra preview: Auto Unlock your Mac with your Apple Watch FBI confirms a tool it bought to unlock terrorist’s iPhone 5c does not work on iPhone 5s and newer Cops obtain a warrant demanding individuals unlock iPhones with their fingerprint Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Government, News, Privacy, Security, UK NanamiAsuri Yeah… They’d better get into a concrete sealed room with only candle light. If you’re worried about people listening on on you then you’ll have to ban a LOT of things, pacemakers, hearing aids, computers, phones, smart watches, usb sticks, light bulbs etc etc. Sound can travel through a lot of materials too not just digitally mrgerbik ‘The russians are trying to hack everything’?? Is this for real? Javiers That’s pathetic if you asked. mrgerbik why? because ‘you saw it in da news’? give me a break. Its political maneuvering – it’s not necessarily true because Dolf Fritzer, Handerson Pooper or some other TV talking muppet said so 5723alex . So,the insecure Android Wear and Tizen are allowed but Apple Watch Not ? Lt. Nimitz Are they sure “The Russians” are the ones British and Australians are worried about? Here only one country was fund on spying and bullying everybody else and definitely was not Russia. Exes Man Simply ridiculous! So let’s all go naked so that only have to look inside the ass. John Smith What about the Moto 360, the Samsung Gear, the Fitbit, the Garmin, the Strava? Shinonuke Are you implying that those watches have the capabilities as the Apple Watch? Moto 360 and Samsung gear are the only two advanced watches and they don’t have mic on them   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds Red squirrels! Adorable, right? Wrong – they're riddled with leprosy Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Japanese cops arrest serial 'foot licker' More like this Google Apple iPhone Smart Phone Business Steve Jobs' thermonuclear showdown with Samsung reaches US Supreme Court Battle of rounded corners approaches $399m climax 10 Oct 2016 at 13:43, Andrew Cobley Andrew Cobley Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles Steve Jobs' thermonuclear showdown with Samsung reaches US Supreme Court In Red Hat, Veritas: Firm backs OpenStack convergence play Data's democratisation: Because there's no doh in Type 0 Steve Jobs’ “"thermonuclear war"” against Samsung over smartphones has landed in the US Supreme Court. The US's court of courts will hear oral arguments from both sides on Tuesday. The case was launched by Apple five years ago and seeks $399m over claimed iPhone patent infringement by the electronics giant. Samsung has disputed the claim, saying it would eliminate its profit from 11 phones while Apple has accused Samsung of “blatant copying” of the iPhone. A US jury in 2012 sided with Apple, saying Samsung had infringed on three of iPhone's patents – covering the rectangular shape, curved corners and 16 coloured circles on a black screen. Apple was awarded $1bn, reduced on appeal to $584m. Typically, there are nine US Supreme Court judges in residence - meaning a decision in cases is inevitable. However, on this case, there are just eight, as senate Republicans have refused to consider US president Barack Obama’s candidate, Judge Merrick Garland. That means it is possible that, should the legal teams of Apple and Google fail to be entirely convincing, a split decision could be reached. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 19 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Think your email archiving problems are solved with Office 365? Think again… If you wish to preserve messages in Office 365 for inactive users, you must continue to pay for those users. MAX Mail does not charge for inactive users. Most read Google Pixel pwned in 60 seconds Trump's plan: Tariffs on electronics, ban on skilled tech migrants, turn off the internet What went wrong at Tesco Bank? Leaked paper suggests EM Drive tested by NASA actually works Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Spotlight Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Latest Five questions on the economy for President Trump November 9, 2016 Trump Preaches Unity In Election Victory Speech Boko Haram: Army to probe death of commander, other soldiers Defence minister decries late release of funds November 8, 2016 Supreme Court judgment: Dickson thanks Bayelsans, applauds Judiciary 04:27 am 14 November 2016 Home News News Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial E-paper Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Kiddies Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Abdul Mahmud Alabi Wuya O’Yemi Afolabi Olarinre Salako Yinka Odumakin Nigerian Times Lagos Times Abuja Times Kaduna Times Kano Times Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW China In Nigeria Apple Watch banned from UK cabinet meetings over Russian hacking fears News | October 10, 2016 | by GLORY Politicians in the UK have reportedly been banned from wearing the Apple Watch to cabinet meetings over fears the device could be hacked. According to a report from The Telegraph, the government is worried that the Apple Watch’s microphone could be used to listen in on high-level policy discussions, especially by Russian spies. It’s a justified paranoia, especially after the announcement last week from the US government that it is officially blaming Russia for the hack on the Democratic National Committee. A source in the UK told The Telegraph: “The Russians are trying to hack everything.” “THE RUSSIANS ARE TRYING TO HACK EVERYTHING.” The ban on the Apple Watch is by no means unusual. Mobile phones are already prohibited in cabinet meetings in the UK, and extending the injunction to smartwatches is logical. They contain the same basic electronics and thus the same vulnerabilities. It was also reported today that the Apple Watch has been banned from Australian cabinet meetings as well. An advisor for Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull told Fairfax Media that more attention needed to be paid to communications security as an increasing number of devices — from glasses to running shoes — offered internet connectivity.  The advisor said: “In a world in which it is necessary for government to have conversations that truly have no electronics in the room, there are going to be more and more items that will have to be locked away in cabinets.” Post Views: 5 PreviousMilan WORST Serie A side for distance covered and number of sprints NextNDIC to extend deposit insurance course to more institutions Related Posts Kaduna Killing: El-Rufai Unveil Billboard To Regret Godogodo Crisis. Recession: COCIN President Call On Vigilante To Guard Farms From Thieves MINISTRY TASKS MANAGEMENT STAFF ON SERVICE DELIVERY WAR AGAINST FAKE PRODUCTS: SON RAIDS WUSE MARKET, ABUJA Latest News Kaduna Killing: El-Rufai Unveil Billboard To Regret Godogodo Crisis.5 hours ago Recession: COCIN President Call On Vigilante To Guard Farms From Thieves5 hours ago Terrorism : Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow9 hours ago MINISTRY TASKS MANAGEMENT STAFF ON SERVICE DELIVERY13 hours ago WAR AGAINST FAKE PRODUCTS: SON RAIDS WUSE MARKET, ABUJA13 hours ago Facebook Tags ticker APC PDP Buhari INEC President Goodluck Jonathan Lagos Jonathan Nigeria Boko Haram Election Elections All Progressives Congress (APC) football Goodluck Jonathan © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch Search Search Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved BET Expands Streaming Video Service BET Now Advertisement NEXT:Elle Cover Uses Augmented Reality PREVIOUS:Vice News Tonight Is Here Digital BET Expands Streaming Video Service BET Now By Chris O'Shea on Oct. 10, 2016 - 9:45 AMComment BET Networks is bringing its streaming service BET Now to Apple TV, Chromecast and Roku. The service was previously only available on Apple’s iOs and Android devices. BET Now provides users with on demand and live BET content. Variety reports that the app will only function for those who pay for BET through approved distributors, like Time Warner Cable, Cox, DirecTV, Optimum and Verizon Fios. “We are proud to add Apple TV, Chromecast and Roku to our ever-growing portfolio of BET Digital offerings and in turn expand our TV everywhere footprint,” said BET’s executive VP and chief digital officer  Kay Madati, in a statement. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get FishbowlNY delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Editor, BMC Series - Open Access Springer Nature New York, NY Chief Editor, BMC Medicine Springer Nature New York, NY Cities Editor Thrillist Media Group New York City, New York (US) Sales Promotion Designer Penguin Random House New York, NY Marketing Coordinator Ennead Architects LLP New York City including the Tri-State Area See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Tech iMessage is the glue that keeps me stuck to the iPhone New, 460 comments The accidental social network by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Oct 10, 2016, 9:36am EDT share tweet Linkedin Last week Google revealed its Pixel phone, or "Google phone" as Google’s own search trends have determined. The promise of a premium-feeling Android phone, with a new virtual assistant and access to the latest Android software, is tantalizing enough to make even the most content iPhone users consider a switch at upgrade time. As someone who vacillates between iOS and Android fairly often, but who considers a lightly cracked iPhone 6S her daily driver, I’m also considering whether the Pixel phone is the next phone to buy. All of the software I use now is available on Android: all of my top email, calendar, music, fitness, photography, task-based, work collaboration, and social networking apps are there. But one app is not, and that’s iMessage. Every time someone has asked me if they should switch, I ask them one question: do you use iMessage? If the answer is "Yes," the Pixel decision becomes that much more difficult. Every app I use is on Android, except for iMessage Over time, iMessage has become indispensable in my everyday life. If the gadgets I have to carry with me on a daily basis are the bones of my tech existence, iMessage is the connective tissue. It’s quick work chats; it’s sharing location on the way to a meeting or dinner; it’s sending a GIF of a hug to a friend who is having a bad day; it’s keeping in touch with mom; it’s getting a series of poop emojis from my niece on her iPod Touch. Many of these functions are just what messaging is, and can be done on other apps, too; I also use Messenger and Snapchat. Google has just rebooted its entire messaging strategy, launching both Allo (an intelligent text messaging app) and Duo (the video messaging app below), which will supplant Hangouts as the default video app on Android phones. But other messaging apps feel like disparate, fragmented experiences, whereas iMessage has collated most people I communicate with into one place. iMessage, of course, isn’t the only incentive for established iPhone users to stick with Apple. Apple’s ongoing emphasis on privacy and security helps make the case, especially when it comes to authentication and payments. Another possible incentive is early access to apps. A lot of software developers I talk to still build for iOS first, despite the fact that the Google Play Store sees many more downloads. This is partially because it’s easier to develop for iOS — there are only so many devices to optimize for, compared with the Android hardware ecosystem — but also due to the amount of money people spend in Apple’s App Store compared with Google’s. But the main draw of iOS is really interoperability between iPhone and other Apple products, and nothing is stickier in that regard than iMessage (for better or worse). Is "continuity" a good feature? Sure, the Mail app pops up in the dock on my laptop when I’m composing an email on the iPhone, but I rarely take advantage of that. Is accepting a phone call over Wi-Fi on the laptop convenient? Yeah, but the call quality isn’t very good and it’s a last-resort option for me. iMessage is the core app I use most between the Apple devices I own or try out. For a company that has failed at social networks, Apple has inadvertently built one with iMessage's blue bubbles Back in June, when Apple showed off a bunch of new iMessage features and said it would be opening up iMessage to third-party app developers, some people wondered whether the company would go even a step further and bring iMessage to Android phones. It was a valid question in the "who-really-knows-what-Apple-will-do" sense, but still, the idea made little sense to me. Of course Apple wasn’t going to allow iMessage to function on Android: iMessage is the glue that keeps people stuck to their iPhones and Macs. That’s not to say iMessage is perfect; it’s not. There are times when that interoperability between desktop and phone just doesn’t work like it’s supposed to, like when group threads get chopped up into separate, unwieldy threads. And let’s not forget that Apple rolled out features like GIFs and sticker packs long after other popular messaging apps did. And if you have made the jump from iOS to Android, you know just how ridiculously frustrating it is to have your text messages lost into the ether, due to the screwy way the data-to-SMS transition is handled. But for a company that has failed at most attempts to create social networks, Apple has inadvertently built one with all of those little blue bubbles. Google’s new Pixel might very well be the high-end Android phone we’ve all be waiting for. Its virtual assistant may be smarter, and Google certainly has Apple beat in terms of volume of messaging apps. But for addicted iMessage users, it might feel impossible to quit. Poll Would you switch from iPhone to Pixel phone? This poll is closed. 24% Yeah, I don't care about iMessage (5723 votes) 18% Yes, but losing iMessage would hurt (4386 votes) 22% Hell no, I need iMessage (5298 votes) 35% Nope, wouldn't switch, but for other reasons (8385 votes) 23792 votes total Vote Now More From The Verge What does a Trump presidency mean for climate change? How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic Trump complains about 'unfair' protestors, deletes his tweets calling for revolution in 2012 Microsoft’s updated Surface Book is a big, powerful brute of a laptop Google Daydream View review: mobile VR done mostly right Zuckerberg: the idea that fake news on Facebook influenced the election is ‘crazy’ Now Trending Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic Snapchat Spectacles are here and they are ridiculously fun YouTube filmmaking duo Sneaky Zebra on shooting their incredible cosplay music videos It’s dirty and disgusting. So why do we bite our nails? This Article has a component height of 17. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest US & World 2016 Election Donald Trump says Facebook and Twitter ‘helped him win’ by Rich McCormick Mark Zuckerberg has spent the days since Donald Trump was voted in as 45th president of the United States downplaying Facebook’s role in the election, but that position may be harder to maintain now, as Trump himself has identified Facebook as a... New, 0 comments US & World 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist by Rich McCormick Donald Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of far-right publication Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The president-elect announced that Bannon would be working alongside Reince Priebus, a long-time... New, 13 comments Science Energy Environment ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak The energy industry has long resisted efforts to rein in fossil fuel consumption for decades to combat climate change. It is mildly surprising then, that ExxonMobil released a statement earlier this week announcing its support of the Paris climate... New, 5 comments Tech Cybersecurity Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Adult dating service company Friend Finder Network has reportedly been hacked, with over 412 million accounts, e-mail addresses and passwords from their websites made available on criminal marketplaces. Notably, the database does not include more... New, 11 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets The Anti-Snore Wearable is a very literally named product by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Can you guess what the Anti-Snore Wearable is designed to do? Hm. I wonder... The Anti-Snore Wearable launched on Kickstarter earlier this week and is a band that wraps around a wearer’s arm. It vibrates whenever its companion iOS / Android app... New, 7 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Nintendo This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition sold out in minutes when it was released on Friday, but you can take a look at what it’s made of thanks to YouTuber JerryRigEverything, who dismantled the console in a short teardown video. The console is simpler... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Apple iPhone vs. Google Android: Battle of Smartphone Lineups; Which Device Environment is Right for You? Price Details and Features Compared By Christian Ver Marcelo Oct 10, 2016 | 2:18 AM The war over which smartphone environment is better has been ongoing since the dawn of modern-age technology. With Apple dishing out their absolute best in the iPhone devices and Google answering back with even more innovations through the Android phones, which one should you pick? Device Diversity Up until the iPhone 5S, Apple fans are stuck with only one option per released model, with only the storage capacity and device colors being the main difference. With the iPhone 6 and future models, however, the Plus lineup was introduced, giving rise to 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch options. On the Android side, however, diversity is key. As there are several manufacturers competing and adapting the Android brand, customers are bombarded with a plethora of options. There's a diverse collection of features, screen sizes, carriers, materials, designs, colors, and a whole lot more. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Software Updates The main problem with Android's diversity is fragmentation. As there are tons of devices and manufacturers, as well as the carriers, updating the devices usually take a lot longer. Aside from Google's own Nexus and Pixel phones, software developers and programmers from other manufacturers still customize their proprietary software over Android first before rolling out updates. For Apple, nothing could be quite simpler and more direct than their over-the-air software updates. They integrate the updates seamlessly through the iOS, with a uniform and cohesive experience throughout all the devices, so cross-platform usage is definitely not a hassle. Customizability Perhaps the department where Android significantly trumps the iPhone is in customizability. There are options for different wallpapers, lock screens, fonts, widgets, launchers, and every other trinket that users can think of customizing. This is just not possible with the iPhone, where the device gives you only the things that the company thinks you need. Apps and Bloatware Apps in both these devices are largely similar, with developers creating software compatible with both environments. However, apps are launched on the App Store most of the time, with the Google Play Store following suit. Also, whichever carrier you choose to buy an iPhone from, there is a guarantee that only the native apps are loaded. This is especially advantageous over the Android, where, aside from the native Google apps, there are also apps from the manufacturer and the carrier. Performance, Features and Security For performance, there is no question that the hardware and software integration of the iPhone works absolutely great to its advantage. Even with perceived lower specs than some Android devices, the iPhone could still hold its own when used in real life. Also, Apple's security with their devices is insurmountable by any other platform. Along with the diversity, the performance and features of Android vary as well. There are entry-level light performers, mid-range capable ones, and high end speedy phones. Features vary as well, with some focusing on the camera, audio, security, productivity, ruggedness, and others. Suffice to say, there is an Android phone built for everyone's specific needs. Support With Android devices being fragmented by manufacturer and carrier, customer service experience may be a bit inconsistent. There are high quality, professional service providers, and definitely those that are sketchier and amateurish. Apple's customer support has never faltered ever since. Part of the experience of owning an iPhone, or any Apple device for that matter, is walking through an Apple Store, ask for help, and get it right away. While device maintenance and repair may cost higher, the quality of service you are getting is certainly a premium one too. Price Apple's iPhones are marketed as premium devices from the get go. Its market value has not flinched over the years that it has existed, and rightfully so. With the top-notch quality and service that Apple is providing with the iPhones, it's not just the device customers are paying for, but the entire experience itself. For the Android system, however, this is not the case. There is certainly a device for every budget. There are low cost, budget-friendly devices, there are mid-rangers that perform like high-end smartphones, and actual high-end smartphones that come at a premium price. Most Popular Stories 5 World Leaders React to Trump Victory: Russia's Putin Toasts With Champagne Franklin Graham: Media Didn't Understand 'God-Factor' in Election Outcome Evangelist Franklin Graham is saying this week that as pundits and election analysts attempt to figure out how they made such inaccurate predictions, they failed to understand the hand of God at work. 7 People Who Predicted a Donald Trump Victory To the surprise of pollsters, pundits, and both sides of the political aisle, Republican Party nominee Donald Trump was elected president on Tuesday. Donald Trump Wants to Delay Trump University Fraud Trial That Could Provide Grounds for Impeachment An attorney for President-elect Donald Trump told a judge in San Diego, California, that the New York City billionaire wants to delay a federal fraud trial over his now defunct Trump University set to begin on Nov. 28, until after his inauguration in January. Assyrian Christians Congratulate Trump; Urge Protection from Genocide In an open letter, an Assyrian Christian group has congratulated President-elect Donald Trump, drawing his attention to the ongoing genocide of Christians by the Islamic State terror group in the Middle East and urging him to fulfil promises and help them return home. ISIS Taking Newborn Babies, Virgin Girls; on Rampage to Annihilate Christians, Says Catholic Priest A Roman Catholic priest who has been helping Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities facing genocide in Iraq and Syria said Islamic State militants separate families who live in terrorist occupied land by taking newborn babies and virgin girls while killing fathers and forcing young boys to plant bombs on the streets. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc or Texas Instruments Inc? Which chipmaker is a better long-term play at current prices? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 10, 2016 at 7:44AM Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) once competed against each other in mobile application processors and baseband modems. Qualcomm eventually won that battle, and TI quit both markets to produce cheaper analog and embedded chips for a wide variety of industries. The two chipmakers aren't direct competitors anymore, but both stocks have outperformed the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index's 25% gain this year. Qualcomm is up 34% for the year, while TI is up 26%. Let's see which chipmaker is a better long-term pick at current prices. Image source: Getty Images. How Qualcomm makes money Qualcomm is the world's largest mobile chipmaker. Its Snapdragon SoCs (system on a chips) -- which unite application processors, modems, GPUs, and other features onto single chips for smartphones, tablets, and other devices -- generate most of its revenue. But most of its profits come from the higher-margin patent licensing business, which receives a 3% to 5% cut of the wholesale price of every smartphone sold worldwide.  Qualcomm's chipmaking (QCT) and licensing (QTL) businesses both posted robust growth in the early days of modern smartphones. But as the market became commoditized and margins fell, lower-cost chipmakers like MediaTek started stealing market share from Qualcomm. Leading OEMs like Samsung and Huawei also followed Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) example and created first-party chipsets to cut costs and maintain tighter control over their own supply chains. Meanwhile, OEMs facing paper-thin margins started demanding lower licensing fees. Chinese regulators fined Qualcomm and forced it to lower those fees last year, and other major markets like South Korea and Taiwan could follow suit. This ongoing pressure on its QCT and QTL businesses has forced Qualcomm to expand into adjacent markets like wearables, drones, cars, and Internet of Things (IoT) devices. That's why the company acquired IoT chipmaker CSR for $2.4 billion last year, and why it might purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ: NXPI) for over $30 billion. How Texas Instruments makes money TI generates most of its revenue from analog and embedded chips for connected cars, industrial machines, wireless infrastructure, consumer electronics, enterprise systems, and other devices. Analog chips convert real-world signals like voice, sound, pressure, and temperature into digital signals; while embedded chips perform specific tasks like processing digital signals. Both kinds of chips are much cheaper to produce than high-powered application processors. Image source: Texas Instruments. TI's diversified business model allows it to offset weaknesses in certain industries with strength in higher growth ones. For example, TI's growth in personal electronics and communications equipment was weak last year, but that softness was offset by its strength in the industrial and automotive segments. TI also recently shifted its production from 200mm to 300mm wafers, which reduced the cost of chip production by about 40%. TI's main weakness is its exposure to Apple, whose orders of IC chips, display drivers, and other components accounted for 11% of its sales last year. If sales of iPhones and iPads peak this year, TI's personal electronics revenue could slump. TI's automotive revenue could also be threatened by Qualcomm's purchase of NXP, which became the world's biggest automotive chips manufacturer after its acquisition of Freescale last year. That's why some analysts believe that TI could also make a bid for NXP. Growth and valuations Qualcomm's revenue fell 5% in 2015, and analysts expect another 8% decline this year due to the headwinds facing its QCT business. However, newer high-end chipsets and an expansion into adjacent markets might boost sales by an estimated 2% in 2017. TI's revenue fell 0.4% in 2015 due to the challenges in personal electronics and communications, but is expected to improve 0.5% this year and 4% next year on the growth of its industrial and automotive segments. Qualcomm's earnings fell 12% last year due to price declines in chips and licensing conflicts with OEMs and regulators. Its earnings are expected to fall another 8% this year before possibly rebounding 10% next year. TI's earnings rose 9% last year, and are expected to grow 12% this year and another 9% next year. Despite its weaker top- and bottom-line growth, Qualcomm currently trades at 20 times earnings -- which is lower than TI's P/E of 24 and the industry average of 22 for broad line semiconductor companies. Looking ahead, analysts expect Qualcomm to post 10.5% annual earnings growth over the next five years, which gives it a 5-year PEG ratio of 1.5. While that isn't below the "undervalued" threshold of 1, it's lower than TI's PEG ratio of 2.3, which is based on an estimated annual growth rate of 10%. Both companies have raised their dividends annually for more than a decade, but Qualcomm's forward yield of 3.2% is beefier than TI's 2.2% yield. The winner: Qualcomm I think Qualcomm and Texas Instruments are both solid long-term investments, but I believe Qualcomm's lower valuation, higher dividend yield, and better growth potential into adjacent markets makes it a better buy at current prices. TI is still a great core holding for conservative portfolios, but I'd rather buy it at lower multiples.   Leo Sun owns shares of QCOM. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL, NXPI, and QCOM. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 7:44AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $69.85 up $0.71 (1.03%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.88 up $0.57 (0.86%) Read More Qualcomm, Inc. Is Buying NXP Semiconductors, NV: What You Need to Know 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 4 Signs NVIDIA's High-Growth Days Are Over Winners and Losers of the Galaxy Note 7 Recall 2 Most Unbelievably Undervalued Driverless Cars Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Is Still Trying to Catch Up With Alphabet in Cloud Services The search giant is still comfortably ahead in pretty much every way. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 10, 2016 at 9:00AM Image source: Apple. Cloud services have always been a weak spot for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), particularly when compared with Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) expansive portfolio of Google services. Just mentioning "MobileMe" brings back traumatizing memories for any longtime Apple user. And does anyone even actually use Apple Maps? Even though Apple's iCloud services are now stronger than they've ever been, the iPhone maker still has a lot of catching up to do. And that's exactly what the company is trying to do. All together now Bloomberg reports that Apple is in the process of streamlining its engineering teams in order to unify its services efforts. Currently, the company has teams spread out in different offices located around Silicon Valley. These teams, which report to services chief Eddy Cue, will all be moving into the company's main headquarters in Cupertino under one roof. Apple knows how important proximity is for collaboration; Steve Jobs famously designed the original Pixar headquarters in a way that would maximize random encounters between teams. Apple tries to locate teams together but the company has outgrown its headquarters, which is partially why it's building a new spaceship-like campus in the first place. Meanwhile, the iPhone maker is looking to revamp its cloud infrastructure, instead of relying on competitors for delivering critical cloud services. Apple transitioned a lot of its cloud spending to Google Compute earlier this year. Bloomberg says this initiative is code-named Pie (get it?), and has already started transitioning key services, including Siri and iTunes, to the new platform. It's unclear if this is a different initiative than Project McQueen, a similar effort that was reported earlier this year where Apple was looking to move cloud infrastructure in-house. Show me the money As Apple continues to try to divert attention away from unit sales, instead emphasizing a financial narrative around recurring revenue sources, services are becoming even more important to Apple. Many investors may not realize that services are now the second-largest source of revenue for the iPhone maker, even larger than the Mac or iPad. Segment (MRQ) Revenue (MRQ) iPhone $24 billion Services $6 billion Mac $5.2 billion iPad $4.9 billion Other products $2.2 billion Data source: SEC filings. MRQ = most recent quarter ending June. Services revenue overtook Mac revenue for the first time ever in the first quarter of this year. Arguably, this focus on direct monetization could even prove to be a hurdle. For instance, Apple hopes customers will pay up for iCloud storage tiers to store things like photos, while Google Photos offers free unlimited storage for photos (downscaled modestly). Google's new Pixel will even offer free and unlimited storage for full-resolution images. Apple is unlikely to match that offer since it wants to increase services revenue. For now, Google remains leagues ahead of Apple in terms of most services. The only exception that comes to mind is iMessage, which Apple recently turned into a platform with the addition of an App Store and other add-ons like those found in Asian services like WeChat and Line. For some strange reason, Google offers half a dozen chat apps. Beyond that, Google services handily beat Apple services in pretty much every other department. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 9:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $771.75 down $-8.54 (-1.09%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $754.02 down $-8.54 (-1.12%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News BET Launches Streaming Apps for Apple TV, Roku, Chromecast Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Courtesy of BET Networks October 10, 2016 | 05:30AM PT Viacom’s BET Networks is now streaming programming on three connected-TV devices — Apple TV, Google’s Chromecast and Roku players — although the cabler’s “TV Everywhere” service is available only to subscribers of participating pay-TV providers. The BET Now video service provides unlimited on-demand access to BET’s original series, specials, and hundreds of hours of bonus and digital-exclusive content, as well as the live broadcast of the BET channel, to authenticated users. Until now, the BET Now authenticated video service has been available only for Apple iOS and Android mobile devices. The launch on Apple TV, Chromecast and Roku coincides with the Oct. 11 premieres of new seasons of “Real Husbands of Hollywood,” the reality-TV parody starring Kevin Hart (pictured above) and reality series “The Gary Owen Show” and “Ink, Paper, Scissors” about Salon Ramsey, Atlanta’s biggest, baddest, one-stop beauty shop. Other shows and specials available on the service include the BET Hip Hop Awards, the BET Awards, “American Gangster,” “BLX,” “College Hill,” “Music Moguls” and “Nellyville.” “We are proud to add Apple TV, Chromecast and Roku to our ever-growing portfolio of BET Digital offerings and in turn expand our TV Everywhere footprint,” said Kay Madati, BET’s executive VP and chief digital officer. BET Now is available to 55 million U.S. households across more than 20 distributors, including AT&T U-verse, Cox, DirecTV, Optimum, Time Warner Cable and Verizon FiOS. Notably, Dish Network and Charter Communications currently do not have deals to offer access to the service. To find the BET Now app on Apple TV, users can search “BET” in the App Store. On Roku, search “BET” in the “TV Everywhere” category in the Roku Channel Store or add the app to via Roku’s website. The apps with Chromecast support are available here for Android and here for Apple devices. Filed Under: Apple Tv Bet Networks Chromecast Roku Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 7:00PM PT ‘Westworld’ Recap: We’re All Mad Here 2 TV 4:55PM PT WRAL Says It Will ‘Review’ Obscenity Policy In Wake of ‘SNL’ Censorship 3 Biz 4:18PM PT Donald Trump Names Reince Priebus White House Chief of Staff 4 Film 4:08PM PT China Box Office: ‘Billy Lynn’ Has $12 Million Opening Behind ‘Doctor Strange’ 5 TV 4:00PM PT President-Elect Donald Trump’s ’60 Minutes’ Interview: 12 Biggest Takeaways Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Warren Beatty Joins Best Actor Race With Colorful ‘Rules Don’t Apply’ Performance Playback: Jake Gyllenhaal on ‘Nocturnal Animals,’ ‘Demolition’ Response and More Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Bon Jovi se ubica en el primer lugar de la lista Billboard 200 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade… Demi Lovato and Boyfriend Luke Rockhold, Madonna, Zac Efron Were… Once Upon a Time Recap: Pain in the Glass — Plus, Did Rumple Go… Watch Dave Chappelle's hilarious SNL opening monologue tackle… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
null
null
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL Entertainment 2016-11-13 Netflix ‘The Crown’ Is Portraying Prince Philip As A Bit Of A Jerk Entertainment 2016-11-13 Barack Obama And Joe Biden Are BFFs, Memes About It Have Gone Viral And They Are Phenomenal Entertainment 2016-11-13 The Cast Of ‘Sons Of Anarchy’: Where Are They Now? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance News 2016-11-13 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler News 2016-11-13 Is Hillary Clinton On Her Way To Prison? Rudy Giuliani Drops Bombshell About Her Future News 2016-11-13 Iraqi Troops Push Into Famed Ancient Town Of Nimrud South Of Mosul Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Health 2016-11-11 Veterans Day 2016: Cancer Waging War With Battleground Survivors’ Lives Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] Gaming 2016-11-13 Ubisoft In Talks With Netflix For ‘Watch Dogs,’ ‘Assassin’s Creed,’ Or ‘Tom Clancy’ TV Series Gaming 2016-11-13 How To Build Your Ultimate Team In ‘Pokemon Sun And Moon’ Gaming 2016-11-13 Hacks And Mods Ready For ‘Pokémon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Launch BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Michelle Obama Breaks The Internet With LeBron James And Cleveland Cavaliers In Mannequin Challenge [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump: Five Campaign Promises He’s Already Breaking [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss New iMac 2016 Update Rumors: Release Date And Specs For Apple’s Latest All-In-One Technology 1 0 0 October 10, 2016 New iMac 2016 Update Rumors: Release Date And Specs For Apple’s Latest All-In-One Josh Moorcroft When it comes to Apple’s Mac lineup, a heavy emphasis is placed on their MacBook range of laptops. However, Apple also offers a number of desktop variants of their Mac platform, including most prominently, the iMac. The all-in-one Mac is due for an upgrade in 2016, alongside Apple’s revised MacBook Pro. However, we still don’t know all that much about a new iMac. So when will Apple’s updated all-in-one be available and what specs will give it an advantage over the MacBook Pro, which is due to be announced in the same window? When will the new iMac be released? It’s common knowledge that Apple has a final big event in 2016 planned for either late October or early November. It’s also becoming apparent that event will focus on their Mac lineup, which Apple hasn’t spoken about all that much lately. With that in mind, according to iTech Post, those looking to pick up the updated iMac can expect the new all-in-one to be released alongside the new MacBook Pro, which in turn is expected to fall during the latter part of 2016. New 2016 iMac Release Date and Features – AMD GPU, LG-made Display, VR Support [Rumors] https://t.co/MaYZFiFNdZ pic.twitter.com/k5Ps1XuPcb — MOBIPICKER.COM (@MOBIpicker) September 30, 2016 Also worth keeping in mind is the fact that Apple most recently updated their iMac in October last year. With that in mind, an October release would be completely natural for Apple’s newest iMac and would allow them to focus their efforts in October on the entirety of the Mac range. That being said, it isn’t a certainty that Apple plans to show off an updated iMac at their October event. As Apple fans are more than aware, the technology giant holds a number of events throughout the year, each used to announce and release new products. With rumors that Apple has plenty of new devices to show off at their October event, including a new MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and Mac Mini, there’s a possibility that the company will push the release of their new iMac into 2017. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ro591nztuEY?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> RELATED STORIES ON INQUISITR: New MacBook Pro 2016 Rumors: Release Date, Specs, Price – Everything We Know So Far No Apple Watch 2 For U.K. Politicians: British Prime Minister Theresa May Bans Smartwatches From Cabinet Meetings New MacBook Air: What’s Next For Apple’s 13 Inch Laptop? 2017 Model Release Date, Specs And More What new specs will the iMac have? Apple doesn’t update their iMac range all that often. Whilst Apple has improved the all-in-one considerably with new specs over the past few years, the company has maintained a pretty familiar feature set and form factor. That being said, according to the University Herald, the 2016 model iMac is expected to bring with it similar specs to the new 2016 MacBook Pro. That’s no surprise considering the iMac and MacBook Pro have always been pretty similar when it comes to specs. By far the biggest update is expected to be a 5K display. Apple has a good record of using the iMac to show off their latest and greatest displays, so it would make sense for the new iMac to be the first in their Mac lineup to take advantage of such a display. Whether or not the new MacBook Pro will follow suit remains to be seen. iMac 2016 release date, rumors, specifications: Coming in October with new MacBook Air and Pro https://t.co/OIEoHMEUAP pic.twitter.com/XD4Kd7ajNC — PC-Tablet (@pctabletin) September 30, 2016 The iMac is also expected to receive a considerable boost on the inside too. As aforementioned, it’s expected to gain specs in line with those of the new MacBook Pro, including most prominently, a faster processor. That being said, Apple could look to give their iMac a major advantage over the MacBook Pro, opting to include an AMD GPU. However, it’s worth keeping in mind that any current specs are pure speculation until Apple officially unveils their new iMac. The new 2016 model iMac is expected to be announced and released by Apple in the next few weeks. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Josh Moorcroft Tags: Apple, iMac, macbook, PC Comments LATEST HEADLINES World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] In Video Clips, Duggar Family Foreshadows Next Season Of ‘Counting On’ Golden State Warriors Rumors: Dubs To Assign First Round Pick Damian Jones To Santa Cruz If Alien Life Does Exist What Does ET Look Like? American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler New Supergirl Episode Spoilers: How Will Kara Feel About Alex Coming Out In This Week’s Episode Of Supergirl? Watch Seattle Seahawks Vs. New England Patriots Live Stream: Start Time, Preview For Sunday Night Super Bowl Rematch Is Hillary Clinton On Her Way To Prison? Rudy Giuliani Drops Bombshell About Her Future Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 224.3k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 44k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 21.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 19.2k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15k 0 0 The Legal Electoral College Map Scenario That Could Still Make Hillary Clinton President In 2016 8.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines NBA Rumors: Denver Nuggets, Sacramento Kings, And New Orleans Pelicans Could Make Moves 5 0 0 Boston Red Sox Rumors: Defending AL East Champions To Acquire Chris Sale, Sign Edwin Encarnacion 14 0 0 Virtual Reality: Google Daydream Getting Rave Reviews 1 0 0 Iraqi Troops Push Into Famed Ancient Town Of Nimrud South Of Mosul 0 0 0 Little Mix ‘Twerk,’ Ignore ‘Too Sexy’ Comments 2 0 0 Why Ewan McGregor Nearly Turned Down ‘Star Wars’ 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Cloud-based music recording studio Soundtrap raises $6m in Series A round Apple Garageband competitor Soundtrap is set to accelerate its expansion into new markets with the closure of its $6 million Series A round. By Tas Bindi | October 10, 2016 -- 12:00 GMT (05:00 PDT) | Topic: Start-Ups Soundtrap Soundtrap, the online music and audio recording studio, has announced it has raised $6 million in a Series A round led by Nordic VC firm Industrifonden, with existing investors and former CFO of Spotify Peter Sterky contributing to the round. This brings the total amount raised by the startup to $8.5 million. The Series A round will help fund Soundtrap's international expansion, as well as its entry into new markets in the education and consumer sectors. What's Hot on ZDNet Edward Snowden: Don't fear Trump, fear the surveillance state Why MacBook Pros don't need 32GB of RAM Windows 10 supremacy? Eve V comes gunning for Microsoft's mighty Surface Pro 4 How Linux can save small businesses (and old hardware) Soundtrap was founded in Sweden like its industry peers Spotify, Soundcloud, and Tidal, and competes directly with Apple's Garageband. Unlike Garageband, which is restricted to Apple devices, Soundtrap is browser-based and can be used across all devices and operating systems. The startup was founded in 2012 by Gabriel Sjöberg, Björn Melinder, Fredrik Posse, and Per Emanuelsson with the vision to democratise music and creative audio production, making it accessible to users with all levels of musical interest and abilities. As such, ease of use and collaboration capabilities were high priorities for the startup. "It's cool that you can start a tune on a tablet and finish it on a smartphone or vice versa anywhere you are," said co-founder and CEO Emanuelsson. Since its official launch in June 2015, Soundtrap has garnered half a million users from 200 countries around the world. At the current rate of "multiple thousands of new users per day", the startup expects to hit the million-user mark by the end of the year. Soundtrap features a multi-track timeline, similar to other recording apps like Audacity, and offers an extensive library of loops, built-in instruments, and the ability to record external instruments. After recognising significant uptake by educators, the startup decided to build a separate version of its product with features designed for educators and students. For example, collaborating students operate in a secure, closed walled garden environment protected from the rest of the internet. At the start of the year, Soundtrap rolled out the education version of its product aimed at K-12 to higher-education markets. The startup claims that it is currently gaining more than 200 new schools every week, predominantly from the US, Europe, and Australia. Soundtrap is also an official Google for Education Partner, with the education version included in Google's "Creative Apps for Chromebook" bundle, a program launched in June this year. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Insurance tech startup Cape Analytics raises $14m to expand US team Start-Ups ​Uber now legal in Tasmania Internet of Things More 'investable' IoT ideas needed in Singapore Virtual Reality Intel acquires Voke VR to build out immersive sports business Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Cleverly 'Adjusts' Production of their Note7, not Halting Production as Commonly Reported | Main | Poll shows the Majority of Ireland Approves the Government's Support of Apple's EU Tax Ruling Appeal » October 10, 2016 British Prime Minister Theresa May Paranoyingly Bans Apple Watch from Cabinet Meetings   It's being reported today that British Prime Minister Theresa May has reportedly banned the Apple Watch 2 and original Apple Watch from being worn to U.K. government cabinet meetings. According to information obtained by the Telegraph, the government is concerned that the microphone in Apple's latest smartwatch could be used as a listening device by Russian hackers to spy on classified discussions of the country's cabinet. Mobile phones have already been banned from cabinet meetings over similar fears.   Since the original Apple Watch was released in early 2015, a number of U.K. cabinet members started wearing the watches under David Cameron. One noticeable early adopter was then-Justice Secretary Michael Gove. However, new Prime Minister Theresa May has reportedly completely banned Apple Watches and other smartwatches from being worn in cabinet meetings, following concerns that increasingly savvy Russian hackers could take advantage of the devices, with one source saying, "The Russians are trying to hack everything."   The report futher noted that "The move isn't all that much of a surprise, however. As aforementioned, mobile phones are already banned from cabinet meetings in the U.K., so it's only logical that the rule is extended to smartwatches, considering they contain the same basic electronics and could be just as vulnerable to hacking and spying as other devices."   Considering that that the Apple Watch doesn't have cellular connectivity and requires to be synced with an iPhone for data that is already banned from cabinet meetings, it would seem that their current logic is paranoid based.   The report adds that "There's currently a good deal of paranoia amongst western governments that Russian hackers are gaining access to sensitive information." In fact, "The U.K. government isn't alone in banning Apple Watches from cabinet meetings, though. It's also come to light that Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has banned his cabinet from wearing the Apple Watch during meetings of the country's cabinet, following advice from a security advisor."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 10, 2016 at 06:10 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Co-Founder: No Headphone Jack on iPhone 7 Because Few People Used It GO Steve Wozniak talks about the removal of the headphone jack Oct 10, 2016 12:02 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple described the removal of the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 as an act of courage, explaining that it had to replace it with the Lightning port because it needed more space inside the iPhone and it wanted to continue the digital revolution by giving up on the analog port. But if you’re asking Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, this is not at all the reason. Woz explained in an interview with TechRadar that Apple actually decided to get rid of the headphone jack because only a few people were using it, so nobody’s going to miss it anyway. “Not that many people used it, I never used it. For those who do use it, you can buy a little adaptor dongle,” he said, pointing out that the demise of the headphone jack isn’t such a big deal after all. Woz admitted he’s also using several Android phones because he needs to remain up-to-date with what others are doing, but hasn’t mentioned whether he purchased a Note 7 too or not. “I also have a lot of Android phones... I play with all the carriers I can. I like to compare everything, as that's how I learn,” he added. A bigger fan of the Apple Watch And what’s also very interesting is that Wozniak now sees the Apple Watch as a more interesting device. So interesting that when he doesn’t wear it, he doesn’t feel like losing anything. That’s actually an improvement, as Woz previously criticized the Apple Watch and described it as a fashion accessory and nothing more. “I've come to like my Apple Watch more.... I actually forgot to wear it today and I want to use it just for seeing the time, if nothing else. I use it enough in my life for things ... I enjoy using it and having it. And when I don't use it, I don't even know it's there,” he said. This isn’t the first time when Woz says things that only a few people agree with, but he’s clearly wrong now because the headphone jack was a really key feature for the majority of buyers. And truth be told, removing it because Apple needs more space inside the iPhone makes much more sense. #Apple#iPhone#headphone jack#Apple Watch subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone Sales Likely to Drop This Year Before New Boom in 2017 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Explodes in the Middle of the Night While Charging Bezel-Less iPhone 8 Previewed by New Sharp Concept Phone Apple Releases Second Beta of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 to Devs - Updated 5 Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive Vendetta Online 1.8.396 MMORPG Released for Linux, Mac, Windows, and Android Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background    Black iPhone 7 new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   More Evidence Shows iPhone 8 Could Feature Revolutionary Wireless Charging more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search U.S. Supreme Court to Hear Apple-Samsung Feud ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More The new iPhone 7 smartphone is displayed inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson (Copyright Reuters 2016) U.S. Supreme Court to Hear Apple-Samsung Feud Published October 10, 2016 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print After five years of litigation, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Tuesday in the bitter patent dispute between the world's two top smartphone manufacturers over the amount Samsung should pay Apple for copying the iPhone's distinctive look. Continue Reading Below The justices' ruling, due by the end of June, could have a long-term impact for designers and product manufacturers going forward because the Supreme Court, if it agrees with Samsung, could limit the penalties for swiping a patented design. Samsung Electronics paid Apple Inc $548.2 million last December, fulfilling part of its liability stemming from a 2012 verdict for infringing Apple's iPhone patents and copying its look. But Samsung will argue before the Supreme Court that it should not have had to make as much as $399 million of that payout for infringement of three patented designs on the iPhone's rounded-corner front face, its bezel and the colorful grid of icons that represent programs and applications. It will be the Supreme Court's first case involving design patents in more than 120 years, when the products at issue were carpets and rugs. Cupertino, California-based Apple sued its South Korean rival in 2011, claiming Samsung stole its technology and the iPhone's trademarked appearance. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Samsung has said it should not have had to fork over all of its profits on phones that infringed the patents, which contributed only marginally to a complex product with thousands of patented features. Apple has said Samsung was properly penalized for ripping off its work. With the many years of fighting behind these fierce rivals, this case has become mostly about money, said Michael Risch, a professor at Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law. "The infringement has been affirmed, now it's whether this huge judgment should be affirmed," he said. Risch joined a group of 50 university professors who filed a brief supporting Samsung in the case, as did Silicon Valley heavyweights Facebook and Alphabet Google, which makes the Android operating system used in Samsung's phones. Apple, meanwhile, has been supported in court papers by those who emphasize the importance of design in consumer buying choices, including famous fashion names like Calvin Klein and Alexander Wang. Last May, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington upheld the 2012 patent verdict, but overturned Samsung's liability for trademark infringement. Samsung asked the Supreme Court to review the design patent part of the case. On Tuesday, the companies will argue over a provision in U.S. patent law requiring infringers to pay a design patent owner their total profits on an infringing "article of manufacture." Samsung said in court documents that the article of manufacture here was not its entire phone as sold, as the lower courts had ruled, and so its damages should be pared back. If the Supreme Court does not rule in its favor, Samsung said, "an infringer of a patented cupholder design must pay its entire profits on a car." In its court papers, Apple agreed that an article of manufacture may be a mere component of a product, but said that in this case the evidence shows that it is the entire phone as sold by Samsung. The case is Samsung Electronics Co Ltd v. Apple Inc, in the Supreme Court of the United States, No. 15-777   (Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Will Dunham) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Apple was right to ditch the iPhone 7 headphone jack says co-founder Steve Wozniak Wozniak has contradicted himself as he had earlier said that skipping the headphone jack would 'tick off a lot of people'. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas October 10, 2016 12:52 BST Close Embed Feed iPhone 7 review: Return of the king or time to hand over the crown? IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/20834" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has changed his stance on Apple's controversial elimination of the traditional headphone jack from their latest flagship phone, the iPhone 7. In an interview with TechRadar, Wozniak revealed that the Cupertino-headquartered company's decision to replace the 3.5mm headphone jack with a Lightning port for audio was the right one to make. "Not that many people used it, I never used it," Wozniak said. "For those who do use it, you can buy a little adaptor dongle." Apple's latest devices ship with a pair of EarPods that connect via a Lightning port, and an adapter to connect existing headphones that also plug into the phone's charger port. Wozniak's latest statement contradicts his earlier comments when he said that skipping the headphone jack would "tick off a lot of people". "If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people," Wozniak had told The Australian Financial Review in August. "I would not use Bluetooth... I don't like wireless. I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music." Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak now says Apple was right to skip the traditional headphone jack for the iPhone 7Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Back in the 1970s, Woziak worked alongside Steve Jobs to develop the first Apple computers. He left his role as vice-president of Apple's research and development in 1985, before the game-changing debut of the iPhone in 2007. Despite the criticism and scepticism from angry customers, Apple officially unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus sans the headphone jack in September. At the launch, Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller said that "maintaining an ancient, single-purpose, analog, big connector doesn't make sense because that space is at a premium". "Now, some people have asked why we would remove the analog headphone jack from the iPhone," Schiller said. "The reason to move on really comes down to one word: courage. The courage to move on and do something new that betters all of us. "It makes no sense to tether ourselves with cables to our mobile devices. But until someone takes on these challenges, that's what we do." Although the missing iPhone 7 headphone jack did attract criticism, some headphone makers are already looking forward to the benefits that come with an increasingly untethered future. "When you have an influential brand investing in a category, it'll drive greater awareness. The rising tide raises all ships," Sam Paschel, chief commercial officer of Skullcandy, told CNBC. "This holiday, experts are predicting wireless market share percentage could be as high as 70 percent." Some start-ups and accessory-makers are also coming up with solutions to give peeved Apple fans a solution. A few weeks after Apple's announcement, an IndieGoGo campaign was launched to raise money for the Fuze case that attaches to the device, provides scratch and shock protection and includes a Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter built-in. Last month, a prank video claiming that users can drill a hole in their new iPhone 7 device to reveal a concealed 3.5mm jack went viral, with many people attempting the "hack" and destroying their phones in the process. The video has garnered over 14.6 million views so far. More Technology news: Wozniak reveals why losing the iPhone headphone socket is a bad idea iPhone 7: Prank video tricks users into drilling holes into their devices for a secret headphone jack Inside the iPhone 7: This is what has replaced the 3.5mm headphone jack Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close What does the Uber tribunal ruling mean for the gig economy? Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE WhatsApp enables two-step verification feature but in beta version Latest WhatsApp beta for Android adds ability to play audio messages in the background. Microsoft fixes Surface Pro 3 battery issue through new firmware update The System Firmware Update - 11/7/2016 is available to install from Windows Update. Samsung releases November Android security patches for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge The update is seeding for unlocked devices in Europe. Hundreds of Uber drivers go without payment after 'banking glitch' Some drivers are unable to work because they cannot cover their fuel costs. BioWare reveals details on new Mass Effect Andromeda companion characters Liam and PeeBee Creative director Mac Walters sheds light on some of the sci-fi RPG's new characters' personalities. Signups for encrypted communication platform ProtonMail double after Trump victory People are flocking to use the encrypted mail service fearing increased surveillance by the state. UK video game deals: PS4 Pro, Xbox One bundles, Overwatch, Call of Duty and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. WH Smith shuts website for hours to stop sales of manuals on bomb-making One of the terror manuals was reportedly purchased via a US source by Thomas Mair, the alleged murderer of late MP Jo... Unicode signs off on 51 new emojis including breastfeeding, a hijab and more Some of the multiple emojis shortlisted range from a zombie and vampire to a sandwich and an exploding head. Apple may launch 3 iPad models in 2017 including a bezel free variant The bezel free display could also mean the removal of the home button. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Apple to “do a Windows 10” by pushing out macOS automatically 04 Oct 2016 15 Apple, Microsoft Post navigation Previous: Brave browser starts paying Bitcoins to adblocked sites Next: Amazon: no more freebie products in exchange for reviews! by Paul Ducklin 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit According to all-things-Apple commentator Jim Dalrymple, the Cupertino company is about to follow in Microsoft’s footsteps… …by “pre-downloading” the latest version of the company’s Mac operating system, macOS 10.12 Sierra, in the background. The idea is to make it more appealing to upgrade, because you won’t have a 5GB download to wait for first before you can kick off the installation. The latest version is the first Mac operating system in the Version 10 series that isn’t called OS X. Apple changed the name to macOS, following the orthographic style of its mobile platform iOS, a literal and figurative reminder that Apple’s Mac and iDevice environments are much more similar (and getting ever closer) than they are different. The “pre-download” process is a bit like airlines and baggage handling: if your flight arrives at a gate really close to the baggage hall, don’t be surprised to find your luggage coming out on a carousel that’s right at the far end of the reclaim area. The theory is that the time you spend walking to the furthest carousel doesn’t feel like waiting. On the psychological principle of “a watched pot boileth not,” it ultimately feels as though your luggage came out more quickly, even though it didn’t. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More As we all no doubt remember, Microsoft tried something similar with Windows 10, and then kept fiddling with the “pre-download” formula. As you can see from many of the comments on the numerous Naked Security articles we wrote on Microsoft’s upgrade saga, the overall outcome was not a positive one: Microsoft downloads Windows 10 to your computer even if you don’t want it yet The Windows 10 update that you (almost) can’t refuse… Windows 10 now asks nicely if you want your free upgrade Windows 10 update now full-on full-screen deep purple A minority of people with restricted internet data plans complained that the large, unannounced background update burned through an unacceptably large portion of their monthly allowance. (A few people said they were happy, however: they wouldn’t have initiated the download themselves, but once the free upgrade was ready and waiting, they figured, “Cool! Why not?”) After a few months, Microsoft went one step further, classifying the pre-downloaded upgrade as a “recommended update,” and popping up a dialog to tell you that it would be installed automatically unless you intervened: Image from Microsoft via the BBC At the time, many users claimed that the dialog invited you to assume that clicking the [Close] button in the top right of the window would cancel the upgrade, and were shocked to find it didn’t. We disagreed, albeit only modestly. We thought the dialog could have been better designed visually, but we couldn’t help noticing the words “Click here to change upgrade schedule or cancel [the] upgrade,” so we recommended reading dialogs before dismissing them. Microsoft made two changes to the upgrade dialog, eventually ending with a full-screen purple box that was certainly in-your-face, but could hardly be faulted for technical clarity: Image from Microsoft Apple, it seems, is currently only at the pre-download stage, so you aren’t being forced to install the macOS 10.12 update, for all that we strongly recommend it for its security fixes alone. Nevertheless, we can’t help but be reminded of Apple’s “foisted music” episode, at the time of the iPhone 6 launch, when Apple automatically gave iTunes users a free copy of a U2 album called – ironically, as it turned out – Songs of Innocence. In the U2 fiasco, which prompted an apology from front-man Bono, it wasn’t the free music that offended people, but the fact that it was automatically clocked up as a purchase on iTunes, as though you’d actively chosen to buy it rather than passively received it. Oops…I’m sorry about that. I had this beautiful idea. Might have gotten carried away with ourselves. What to do? If you can’t spare 5GB of disk space, or you don’t want to download the Install macOS Sierra application until a time of your own choosing, you can head to Apple menu | System Preferences | App Store and decide how much control you want to give Apple over the update process. If you do turn off automatic updates altogether, however, be careful: you will need the discipline to check by hand from time to time, using Apple Menu | About This Mac | Software Update.... If you’re a Mac fan, tell us what you think of this step. Will Apple users generally be happy with this “pre-download” process, in a way that their Windows counterparts weren’t? Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @duckblog Image of Apple logo courtesy of TungCheung / Shutterstock.com. Apple macOS macOS 10.12 Sierra Microsoft update Windows 10 Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Brave browser starts paying Bitcoins to adblocked sites Next: Amazon: no more freebie products in exchange for reviews! About the author Paul Ducklin Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog 15 comments on “Apple to “do a Windows 10” by pushing out macOS automatically” Anonymous says: October 4, 2016 at 2:41 pm This is infuriating. I run a small corporate network, w OS X and Ubuntu. When I do a major upgrade, I download it once and use a thumb drive. And I NEVER do a major update company wide update without major testing. Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 4, 2016 at 4:20 pm You can still do that with Sierra. Presumably you already have automatic downloads (and “pre-downloads”) turned off, so this won’t affect you at all. Let the Sierra installer download onto your test computer, as you did for any recent version of OS X; before letting the installer run, copy the entire Install macOS Sierra.app to a safe place for future reference. Once you are happy with the software as tried on your test computer, use the Install macOS Sierra.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia utility to make yourself a bootable USB drive for installation and recovery purposes. One download, install at leisure, recover when needed. (The “installation” USB drive doesn’t force you to install – it also lets you open a command prompt where you can mount and access internal and external storage for emergency backup and repair. Practise with the diskutil coreStorage and you will be able to mount FileVault encrypted volumes in emergencies, too. Assuming you lawfully have the password or recovery key.) This “feature” doesn’t *install* Sierra automatically. It just downloads it, if you have your Mac thus configured. There’s a big difference! Reply Steve says: October 4, 2016 at 3:09 pm No, not happy about the pre-download process. Just about happy with El Capitan with most processes switched off. Too much is done automagically, the Mac connecting to services I don’t need and want. Will abandon OS X for Linux. Reply Steve B says: October 4, 2016 at 4:02 pm Doesn’t bother me at all. Home user admittedly. But I’d rather get downloads done (especially Security ones) without having to think about it too much. I’m especially not going to be upset by a feature that can (according to your article) be quite granularly customised. This also looks like it applies to incremental updates to a big “named” OS version, rather than a full upgrade. Plus even if Sierra was auto-downloaded in the background (it wasn’t for me), it can’t install without my intervention. Yet. So it’s not exactly like when people (including me) were forced into upgrading to Windows 10. Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 4, 2016 at 4:38 pm As far as we know, the downloaded Sierra installer will not start without your intervention. But, as you also say, “Yet” :-) Let’s hope that Microsoft’s unclear dialog and Apple’s previous experience with the U2 incident (the Bono one, not the Gary Powers one) will dissuade Apple from forcing things any further…at least until we have all got used to the idea, and vendors have got good at making it all work just fine. |(In ten years’ time, we’ll probably be annoyed at devices that don’t keep bang up-to-date by themselves, and criticise products that continue to support older, unpatched versions, but in the meantime, we need a bit of leeway to get used to the fact that upgrades and updates are becoming two sides of the same coin – and will soon become a one-sided coin at that.) Reply IT Guy Who Doesn't Need this Kind of Extra work. says: October 4, 2016 at 5:49 pm I just wish Apple would just inform me that something “New” and “Improved” is available. Please let ME DECIDE IF I want it and WHEN I want it. The Win10 fiasco gave me a lot of extra work undoing WIN10 and stopping MS from trying again. (still getting calls about this). Reply Kay Kirscht says: October 10, 2016 at 11:07 am I found my iPhone iOS 10 update wanted to load in on the cusp of a weekend, when IT support is GONE. What if it bricks or breaks something? I need my phone on the weekend! How to avoid it? I have to plug in and recharge at *some* point over the weekend (it loads in when you are attached to a power source. I guess I could’ve pressed “later” at this point…but the update will continue to hang overhead. Windows 10…millions of us are “tech” for elderly parents, with aged systems of their own. How do you teach your dad to *avoid* that update? *I* had a hard time sidestepping it with my own device (until I could make sure all of my firmware and driver’s were up to date). Would you like to train your non-tech dad on an entirely new operating system at the drop of a hat? (Win 7 to 10; no touch screen) Reply Richard Born says: October 4, 2016 at 6:22 pm No download, upgrade or update should be possible without the prior consent of the user. If a user chooses to open the gates to his computer, it’s OK of course. But only then. Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 4, 2016 at 11:07 pm To be fair, you can control what gets fetched and, if so, how it gets deployed via the App Store system preferences, as shown above. Reply Oscar Windsor-Smith says: October 4, 2016 at 6:33 pm I’m a Mac fan, Paul, but I also live out in the sticks and a slow Net connection goes with the territory, so I’m no fan of the automatic large updates. Murphy’s law says they always cut in when I’m working on something important and slow everything to walking pace. Another downside of Apple’s system updates I’ve found is that my Time Capsule (WiFi backup) won’t back up computers on different operating systems. When I upgrade my work machine (I’m a writer) I keep my older Mac for general household use and as a reserve backup, so, unless my very recently retired 13″ MacBook Pro (about six years old) is man enough to run Sierra, updating my newer machine will mean making alternative backup arrangements for the older one. No big deal for a computer buff I guess, but a pain in the bum for someone who just wants things to work and keep on working. Reply Alan Ralph says: October 4, 2016 at 8:05 pm Personally, I think they’d be mad to do the ‘oh look, we’ve just upgraded your OS, hope your computer still works!’ move that Microsoft did with Windows 10. A lot fewer people to pee off, and a proportionally larger reputational dent. Reply computica says: October 4, 2016 at 10:15 pm While the bandwidth usage can be a concern to some (Apple should first put up a screen that allows users to turn off updates if they don’t want it downloaded, but to get the regular updates for their current OS) I think it’s a good idea to get it downloaded. Many users won’t download it and when I need to install it for them, I have to wait for the download which takes more time and planning. At THIS point, I don’t think they are doing a “Microsoft” (or at least the last most Microsoft ploy of just installing it without warning) since it’s not auto-installing. Maybe they are doing what Microsoft did initially by downloading it so that it’s ready, but that’s far from the PROBLEM that Microsoft created by auto-installing. I’ve had several clients get Windows 10 right in the middle of the day when they didn’t even want it. THAT’s really bad for businesses when they don’t even know if all their software is compatible. Lastly, there should be some notes to users about making proper backups before installing the update. If it does mention it, it’s not very prominent and people will update without proper backups and if the update fails, I’m the one who gets a call and it’s already a mess and with no backups, it’s a bigger mess. Reply Bart says: October 4, 2016 at 10:18 pm A 5 gig download during the day would take 20% of our monthly quota with our satellite provider. Absolutely want to do it between midnight and 0600 at my convenience. Lucky you guys with cable or fiber. Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 4, 2016 at 11:12 pm See the advice above on how to get to the configuration screen for autodownloads (and autoinstalls). Reply Richard says: October 17, 2016 at 1:31 pm I have two Macs, both getting a bit long in the tooth. I do major updates on them separately, in order to sort out any wrinkles on the first one before I kick off the second. Note that major updates involve long install times (never mind the downloads) and several restarts, so not ideal for updates without warning. This time round, the 2009 MacBook went OK but I had to do a permissions kludge to get the subsequent updates of Pages, Numbers and Keynotes to work. But the 2007 iMac refused to take the new OS at all (too old…). I assume that Apple will have the intelligence to prevent automatic download of major updates to older machines. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jun14 by John Zorabedian 1 Apple promises “differential privacy” at Worldwide Developers Conference May11 by Graham Cluley 0 Microsoft issues Windows security patches, but Office for Mac users left in the cold Nov10 by Graham Cluley 0 Mac users, Microsoft security updates are for you too Mar30 by Graham Cluley 0 Critical Mac OS X update patches security holes Nov10 by Graham Cluley 0 Extremely critical Mac OS X patch plugs 58 security holes Aug28 by Graham Cluley 0 Snow Leopard malware protection in action SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2016 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / Apple Watch banned from UK cabinet meetings over ‘security fears' Apple Watch banned from UK cabinet meetings over ‘security fears' by Rupert Radley 10 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments The Apple Watch has been banned from UK cabinet meetings, according to a new report. Theresa May’s closest politicians will be prohibited from wearing their Apple Watches in cabinet meetings due to security fears. Theresa May and her political posse with be prohibited from wearing their Apple Watches in cabinet meetings, purportedly in a bid to stave off Russian cyber attacks. The government is said to be worried that the smartwatches may be susceptible to hacking, potentially allowing unscrupulous third parties to listen in on high-level policy discussions. The Telegraph quotes one source as saying: “The Russians are trying to hack everything”. Watch: Apple Watch Series Two vs Apple Watch Related: Apple Watch Series 2 The ban doesn't come as a huge surprise, as phones are already prohibited in cabinet meetings due to security fears. So it's logical to extend the injunction to smartwatches too, since they contain the same basic electronic structure and, thus, vulnerabilities. The UK isn’t the first country to enact such a ban, either. The Apple Watch has already been barred from Australian cabinet meetings. According to a source in the government, more attention needs to be paid to communications security, especially when devices offer internet connectivity. The advisor said: "In a world in which it is necessary for government to have conversations that truly have no electronics in the room, there are going to be more and more items that will have to be locked away in cabinets." Related: Best smartwatches 2016 It’s probably sensible, considering the number of high-profile hacking incidents lately, including the breach of Democratic National Committee systems in the states, which the Obama administration has already pinned on the Russians. Watch: The Refresh Are you worried about possible smartwatch hacking? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Prem Desai October 10, 2016, 4:31 pm Is this ban specific to the Apple Watch or all smart watches? If it's all smart watches, then this is a misleading article. word-merchant October 11, 2016, 6:31 am Probably just Apple. Samsung products are now classified as 'incendiary devices' so they are already illegal under UK law. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Supreme court set to hear Apple-Samsung iPhone copycat row - after five years of litigation Supreme Court will hear arguments on Tuesday in the bitter patent dispute Justices' ruling is due by the end of June  Supreme Court's first case on design patents in more than 120 years By Reuters Published: 07:01 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 11:32 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail 9 shares 6 View comments After five years of litigation, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Tuesday in the bitter patent dispute between the world's two top smartphone manufacturers over the amount Samsung should pay Apple for copying the iPhone's distinctive look. The justices' ruling, due by the end of June, could have a long-term impact for designers and product manufacturers going forward because the Supreme Court, if it agrees with Samsung, could limit the penalties for swiping a patented design. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd paid Apple Inc $548.2 million last December, fulfilling part of its liability stemming from a 2012 verdict for infringing Apple's iPhone patents and copying its look. The justices' ruling, due by the end of June, could have a long-term impact for designers and product manufacturers if it limits the penalties for swiping a patented design. WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?  The two hi-tech behemoths went to court over the designs that have now become commonplace on most popular smartphones, with a court ruling in 2012 in favor of Apple. At issue were design features by now familiar to consumers: a black, rectangular, round-cornered phone front, a surrounding rim, known as the 'bezel' and a grid of 16 colorful icon. Those design elements were protected, prompting the jury to award Apple all the profits from sales of smartphones containing those features, Samsung lawyers said in their filing.  But Samsung will argue before the Supreme Court that it should not have had to make as much as $399 million of that payout for infringement of three patented designs on the iPhone's rounded-corner front face, its bezel and the colorful grid of icons that represent programs and applications. It will be the Supreme Court's first case involving design patents in more than 120 years, when the products at issue were carpets and rugs. Cupertino, California-based Apple sued its South Korean rival in 2011, claiming Samsung stole its technology and the iPhone's trademarked appearance. Samsung has said it should not have had to fork over all of its profits on phones that infringed the patents, which contributed only marginally to a complex product with thousands of patented features. Apple has said Samsung was properly penalized for ripping off its work. With the many years of fighting behind these fierce rivals, this case has become mostly about money, said Michael Risch, a professor at Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next How the one per cent lived 2,000 years ago: 3D video tour... Apple Watch is banned from cabinet meetings over fears they... EXCLUSIVE: Hunt for ancient 'whistling bullets' in Israel... Google's autonomous van plans could spell the end for... Share this article Share 'The infringement has been affirmed, now it's whether this huge judgment should be affirmed,' he said. Risch joined a group of 50 university professors who filed a brief supporting Samsung in the case, as did Silicon Valley heavyweights Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google, which makes the Android operating system used in Samsung's phones. Apple, meanwhile, has been supported in court papers by those who emphasize the importance of design in consumer buying choices, including famous fashion names like Calvin Klein and Alexander Wang. Samsung appeales to the US Supreme Court in hopes of overturning a ruling that it pay $548 million to rival Last May, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington upheld the 2012 patent verdict, but overturned Samsung's liability for trademark infringement. Samsung asked the Supreme Court to review the design patent part of the case. On Tuesday, the companies will argue over a provision in U.S. patent law requiring infringers to pay a design patent owner their total profits on an infringing 'article of manufacture.' Samsung said in court documents that the article of manufacture here was not its entire phone as sold, as the lower courts had ruled, and so its damages should be pared back. APPLE VERSUS SAMSUNG - FIVE YEARS OF LEGAL ACTION In 2010 Apple began by suing Samsung, but the Korean firm counter-sued just days later. Apple then secured an injunction to restrict sales of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in Europe. In July 2012, Apple was told to publicly state Samsung hadn't copied its designs, but in August 2012 Apple won $1 billion in damages. These damages were then dropped from $1 billion (£643 million) to around $930 million (£598 million), an amount that was later reduced by $382 million (£245 million). SpecOut | Graphiq In June 2013, the International Trade Commission ruled iPads infringed on Samsung patents and should be banned in the U.S. This ruling was vetoed two months later. A retrial began in November 2013 that Apple won, but Samsung appealed. Then, in May, Apple was handed a mixed ruling by a US appeals court. The prior patent infringement verdict was upheld, but a trademark finding that the iPhone's appearance could be protected was thrown out. That means up to 40 per cent of the verdict which had been won by Apple must be reconsidered. If the Supreme Court does not rule in its favor, Samsung said, 'an infringer of a patented cupholder design must pay its entire profits on a car.' In its court papers, Apple agreed that an article of manufacture may be a mere component of a product, but said that in this case the evidence shows that it is the entire phone as sold by Samsung. The case is Samsung Electronics Co Ltd v. Apple Inc, in the Supreme Court of the United States, No. 15-777 Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  275 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple and Samsung ready for court battle in Smartphone wars Six-year $399m case on iPhone design theft to be heard at US supreme court Mon, Oct 10, 2016, 11:38 Updated: Mon, Oct 10, 2016, 12:00 Apple’s design patents cover the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view. Photograph: iStock         The end of the smartphone wars is almost here. Six years after Apple filed its first lawsuit alleging unauthorised copying of the iPhone, the company will square off at the US supreme court on Tuesday against rival Samsung Electronics. They will argue over how much of a $399 million patent infringement award Samsung must pay. The fight will be one of the last showdowns between two antagonists that have filed four dozen lawsuits against each other and spent hundreds of millions of dollars on legal fees. Samsung says the award, which represents its entire profit from 11 disputed phones, is a “disproportionate” sum for infringement of Apple’s patented design features. Apple says the full award is warranted given Samsung’s “blatant copying” of the iPhone’s iconic look. The case comes as both companies grapple with more pressing legal concerns – Apple’s $15 billion European tax fight and Samsung’s exploding-battery crisis. It will be the supreme court’s first examination in 120 years of design patents, which cover the ornamental look of an object rather than any functional aspect. Samsung understood to win iPhone chip contract Proof of new iPhone 7’s appeal will be in sales figures Samsung shares slide as Note 7 smartphone recall takes toll The court last looked at design patents in disputes involving spoon handles in the 1870s and carpets in the 1890s. Apple’s design patents cover the rounded corners of its phones, the rim that surrounds the front face and the grid of icons that users view. A federal appeals court upheld the award, saying US patent law lets Apple recoup Samsung’s total profit from the phones, and not just the part attributable to the copied design. Cars and cup-holders In urging the supreme court to take up the appeal, Samsung said the ruling was akin to awarding the entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup-holder. Apple rejects that analogy, saying its patented features are more like the design of the entire car. The case has narrowed since the high court accepted it in March. ADVERTISEMENT In court papers, Apple says it accepts that in some cases the patent holder can collect only the profit attributable to a particular component, and not the earnings from the entire product. Apple says, however, that Samsung failed to show the patented designs applied only to part of its phones. Samsung contends it was Apple’s burden to show the infringement gave Samsung any increased profits. The case “has essentially now devolved into a dispute over what party showed what at trial and who bears the burden of proof”, said Kannon Shanmugam, a Washington lawyer who filed a brief backing Samsung on behalf of companies including Facebook and Google. Even so, the amount of money at issue, as well as the public-relations impact, means the stakes are still high for Apple and Samsung. The Supreme Court could uphold the award, invalidate it entirely or order a new trial on the amount of damages. Its ruling will also affect Apple’s effort to win another $180 million from Samsung for five devices that have already been found to be infringing. Samsung already paid Apple the $399 million, plus another $150 million for infringing a patent on “pinch to zoom” technology. – (Bloomberg)       Topics: Kannon Shanmugam Appeals Court High Court Supreme Court The Us Supreme Court Apple Bloomberg Facebook Google Samsung Samsung Electronics United States Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Lansdowne Road deal needs correction, says union chief 21:32 Councils losing revenue due to rates assessment backlog 20:28 The big business events coming up in the week ahead 19:12 In the news: Arnotts’ bumper year and Clare crematorium 18:09 Pound raises cost of Britain’s EU budget contribution 17:27 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 2 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 3 Paul Krugman: US election rigged against Hillary Clinton 4 Standard Chartered weighs private-equity investments 5 Dublin ranked 20th most reputable city in the world 6 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer 7 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says 8 Panama Papers shine a light on Ireland’s SPVs 9 ‘Overcorrection’ in house prices since financial crash 10 Four bids received for €287m Project Boyne Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News Steve Wozniak: Apple was right to drop iPhone 7 headphone jack Steve Wozniak: Apple was right to drop iPhone 7 headphone jack By James Peckham Mobile phones   Sitting down with the co-founder of Apple Shares Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has changed his opinion of Apple dropping the headphone jack on the iPhone 7, revealing he now thinks Apple was right to make the move to using the Lightning port for audio. Wozniak told TechRadar, "Not that many people used it, I never used it. For those who do use it, you can buy a little adaptor dongle." This contradicts how Wozniak previously felt when the change was first rumored. He told The Australian Financial Review in August this year that dropping the headphone jack was "going to tick off a lot of people." When we spoke to Wozniak, he was using both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus but owns a number of other iPhone models - including expressing a lot of love for the much-maligned iPhone 5C. He doesn't only own Apple devices though. He told us: "I also have a lot of Android phones ...I play with all the carriers I can. I like to compare everything, as that's how I learn." On the Watch Despite previously speaking negatively about the Apple Watch, and its focus on a fashion audience, Wozniak is now a bigger fan of Apple's wearable. "I've come to like my Apple Watch more.... I actually forgot to wear it today and I want to use it just for seeing the time, if nothing else." "I use it enough in my life for things ... I enjoy using it and having it. And when I don't use it, I don't even know it's there." Woz also revealed to TechRadar he had already ordered an Apple Watch 2, but hasn't received it yet. Nothing for free Wozniak also revealed to us that he still to buy Apple tech - despite co-founding the company 40 years ago - as he doesn't receive free samples. During an onstage panel at the Festival of Marketing in London, Wozniak said, "Steve Jobs sent me iPhones on a couple of occasions without me asking. "[But] I would not want to call Apple and ask because they probably would give me one. I like to wait in line when a new product comes out. "If I really want it, I think that's important. Sometimes I'm the first person in line!" Wozniak also spoke about the early years of Apple where he sees his peak as the time he developed the Apple II computer. He said, "I'm not so brilliant anymore, but I had a 10 year period where - when I look back - I can't believe the magic that was pouring out of my brain." Wozniak, who is still an advisor for Apple, said he struggles to suggest ground-breaking ideas to the company as they're usually already in development - as well as confirming he thought the Apple Car is a good idea. He said, "I have ideas in my head that it would be good for Apple to do, and usually they've done it in the next year or two, but they've been planning it for three years instead. The thinking is independent." "I don't know what's going on in Apple - but obviously Apple is so huge that for something to be important it's got to be something we spend a lot of money on. "Automobiles come to mind, maybe housing and maybe energy creation - those sort of things." It's an understatement to say that Wozniak's impact on the tech world is huge - and it would be sensible to think that his permanent goal is to keep developing new technologies. But when asked about his ambitions, the answer was surprising: simply hitting a 700,000 high score on his Gameboy's version of Tetris. Related news Spotify and Headspace team up to charge a premium for meditation and music A guide to Minecraft: Education Edition Pokemon Go updates: everything you need to know about what's coming next HoloLens for tanks will augment the reality of war See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S7 deals: Save big on Samsung smartphones before Black Friday 2 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 5 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 1 Looks like you'll be able to buy Apple’s AirPods next week 2 Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug 3 Nintendo Classic Mini: NES review 4 Google Daydream View review 5 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
