Recent Posts Best Buy shaves $150 off Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Active prices, free Gear Fit 2 included Modest Nokia E1 specifications rumored to include 720p screen, 2GB RAM, Android 7.0 Chinese smartphone brands threaten Samsung’s Indian lead, topping combined 50 percent share First Korean Apple Store is officially confirmed, likely to open this year A Wearable Subwoofer: Lofelt Basslet Hands On at CES 2017 (Video) Recent Comments Anonymous on Want a Blue Coral Galaxy Note 7? Samsung files a trademark application for a color Anonymous on T-Mobile’s Un-carrier Next move? Wrapping taxes and fees into service costs Anonymous on T-Mobile Black Friday 2016 deals tipped to include free LG G5 and iPad mini 4 Anonymous on The complete Pocketnow Black Friday 2016 deals watchlist Anonymous on Motorola Moto X (2014) review: the modest Moto goes mainstream Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Phones 733 Piper Jaffray’s Gene Munster moves on, but not without final five-year plan for Apple by Jules WangDecember 18, 2016 7:25 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement If Apple wants to keep its grip on the cash mountain it makes every year through 2022, it is going to have to ramp up on services. Analyst Gene Munster of investment firm Piper Jaffray has decided to call it quits and follow former PJ colleague Andrew Murphy and current colleague Doug Clinton to Loup Ventures, a capital lender for augmented-, mixed-, and virtual-reality companies. But before that’s to happen, he has penned his 874th and last note on Apple for his employer on where the company heads toward in the next five years. Munster claims that Apple will need to execute a drastic change in hardware attitude in favor of software — perhaps in the form of shifting margin padding on products from iPhones to AppleCare, so to speak. Investors have been on a rough, if sturdy branch with Infinite Loop the past couple of years, so it’ll take some convincing to see if the company is deserving of more money. The analyst thinks that first confidence flags will come up when services makes up 30 percent of total revenue and then a full flight will come in at 50 percent. While Apple has hit its own targets for service revenue, as of last quarter, services made up 13.4 percent of total revenue. He does estimate that the iPhone 7 will see a better sales run outside of the holidays (where it is currently said to be on the downtrend) with fiscal Q2 and Q3 beating the Street’s estimates. The decennial iPhone, with flashy glass curves and an OLED display, will achieve growth either side of 10 percent and will balloon unit sales for fiscal 2018 to 170 million. Multiple big ticket features and products are in the pipeline, too, Munster predicts, such as AR, MR and VR applications and accessories for the iPhone. There’s also that Apple Car — or, lacking that, an autonomous car software platform — that might come in the middle of his forecast range. The investment note, obtained by AppleInsider, ends with a personal touch from the soon-to-be venture capitalist: The experience was rough, but using the iPod gave me a sense of joy I never had from any other product. [Apple] did it with the iPod and recreated that joy with the iPhone. That magic is a big reason why we’ve been unwavering bulls on Apple for almost the entire time we’ve covered it. While Apple stock is unlikely to replicate the success it enjoyed over the past twelve years in the coming twelve, the company can recreate that magical feeling with some future product and will enjoy watching the stock rise when they do. Image: LinkedIn Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 0% Want It 0% Had It 67% Hated It 33% ViaPhoneArena SourceAppleInsider Posted In iOS, Phones, Tablets, Wearables Tags Apple, Apple Car, Apple Music, AppleCare, business, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, News, sales Apple, Apple Car, Apple Music, AppleCare, business, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, News, sales About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. You might also like AppleApple CarApple MusicAppleCarebusinessiOSPhonesTabletsWearables   Read More First Korean Apple Store is officially confirmed, likely to open this year   Read More Instagram picks up wide color capture, Live Photos support for recent iPhones   Read More Big aperture, big battery for the ZenFone 3 Zoom   Read More No sweetheart deals to get Apple into India, says source   Read More Wearables on the tick-tock: Apple Watch Series 3 could come Q3 with better battery life   Read More Nikkei: Apple lowers iPhone orders for second winter quarter in a row CES Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Best Buy shaves $150 off Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Active prices, free Gear Fit 2 included Modest Nokia E1 specifications rumored to include 720p screen, 2GB RAM, Android 7.0 Chinese smartphone brands threaten Samsung’s Indian lead, topping combined 50 percent share First Korean Apple Store is officially confirmed, likely to open this year 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Best of 2016 and prepping for CES 2017 | #PNWeekly 233 Year End Tech Sales and Paying for Porn? | #PNWeekly 232 Samsung Fights Verizon over Note 7 and Nokia Launches a Phone | #PNWeekly 231 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   A Wearable Subwoofer: Lofelt Basslet Hands On at CES 2017 (Video) ZTE Axon 7 Daydream VR, Hawkeye & more at CES 2017 (Video) ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom First Look: all zoom, no bumps (Video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2016 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Fantastic New Apple TV Flyover Screen Saver Videos Debuted Last Night | Main | Apple's Water Resistant iPhone 7 caught the Hot European Trend that accounts for 45% of all Smartphone Sales » December 18, 2016 Rumor: Apple's OLED Anniversary iPhone will have Curved Edges Supplied by Samsung   Last week Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Latest Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumors Point to a Possible 6.2" Display with Dual Edge-Only Designs." The report noted that Samsung would stop making a flat display version of the Galaxy in 2017 in favor of dual edge versions. Their reasoning was that their Samsung Display division would be providing curved edged displays to Huawei and Vivo in 2017 and that LG Display was going to supply Xiaomi with curved edged display for an upcoming smartphone design. The report lastly noted that it was being rumored in Korea that Apple could be following this trend as well to some degree. Today a new report pushes that position.   According to a new Korean tech report today, "The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple."   Plastic OLED has been used for curved panels for devices like the Galaxy S7 Edge, while glass OLED is typically used for flat panels.   To distinguish the new iPhones with curved edges from Samsung's Galaxy line-up, Apple may use displays with new sensing technologies for the sides of the iPhone. This new technology was likely covered in one of Apple's patents noted below.   But make no mistake about it, Apple isn't copying Samsung's design. We wrote about this in a report this summer titled "The Joke of the Week: Apple is going to Copy Samsung's Edge Smartphone Design." Patently Apple knew then and now that there would be misguided Android fans claiming that Apple is copying their beloved Samsung's design when in fact Apple had patents covering curved displays prior to the Samsung Edge coming to market.   To be specific, Apple patents illustrating the use of curved edges with workable virtual controls on the side date back to 2011. Samsung's Galaxy Note with curved edges debuted on September 3, 2014. You could review other Apple patent reports on this here: One, two and three.   The Korea Herald went on to note that "Samsung Display's curved OLED capacity for Apple is estimated at around 70 million to 100 million units. This is less than half of Apple's annual sales of the iPhone series, which stand at around 200 million units a year."   That would suggest that only a single iPhone may be chosen for the curved edges. The other iPhone would be "flat versions using liquid crystal displays from LG Display and JDI."   Although Apple has to initially rely on Samsung exclusively for its OLED panels next year, Apple is expected to gradually reduce reliance on them as it moves to prevent leaks of information to its head-to-head smartphone rival.   According to recent news reports, LG Display -- Apple's longtime LCD supplier -- is currently working with Apple and Google to develop foldable panels for outward-folding smartphones. It reportedly aims to provide the foldable panels to Apple, Google and Microsoft in 2018.   "If Samsung rolls out foldable phones next year, it would have to sell it at a big loss -- even selling just a small volume. A profit-making company is unlikely to make such a decision," said Lee Chang-hee, a professor researching OLED technologies at Seoul National University.   Rumors to date (one and two) have suggested one model of the 2017 iPhone would have curved edges and/or a glass wraparound display like the one found in an Apple patent noted below. Either way, all rumors including the one today make it clear that one of Apple's iPhones will introduce an all new embodiment in 2017.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on December 18, 2016 at 05:57 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists World News Home You mag Event Books Food Promos Mail Shop Bingo Blogs IPhone App Property Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Star kids crave for a normal life': Sonakshi Sinha peeks into Aishwarya Dhanush's memoir Standing On An Apple Box Aishwarya Dhanush is daughter of Tamil superstar Rajinikanth Her debut novel is 'Sitting On An Apple Box' The  novel is about a person who constantly battles to fight for privacy amid fame The book launch event was attended by Sonakshi Sinha and Karan Johar See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome By Mail Today Bureau Published: 19:08 EST, 17 December 2016 | Updated: 19:09 EST, 17 December 2016 e-mail View comments The occasion was the grand launch of Aishwarya Dhanush's debut book, but Sonakshi Sinha hijacked most of the limelight cutting a picture of cutesy casual chic. Tamil superstar Rajinikanth's daughter Aishwarya has authored her first book, a memoir named 'Standing On An Apple Box'. Along with Sonakshi, filmmaker Karan Johar also graced the occasion.  Sonakshi cut a cutesy picture at the launch of Aishwarya's memoir named 'Standing On An Apple Box' Looking pretty in a chequered micro mini teamed with a simple white shirt, ankle boots and minimal make-up, Sonakshi had the shutterbugs working overtime from the moment she entered the venue.  It was perhaps the mad rush that erupted around her that Sonakshi was referring to while talking to the media later, when she said that most star kids long for regular life and space.  'Star child craves for normalcy because they are always surrounded by chaos. I've had a lovely childhood except for the parts when I was thrown into the limelight unexpectedly or given more attention than I craved for,' said Sonakshi, who had the limelight glare constantly thrown on her, growing up as Shatrughan Sinha's daughter.  Aishwarya arrived at the venue looking resplendent in bright red, with minimum jewellery and beige footwear augmenting the impact of her designer ensemble.  She pointed out that her attempt as an author was to present her life story in the form of personal extracts taken from one's diary.  Karan Johar, Aishwarya and Sonakshi Sinha at the launch of the book   She wanted the overall effort to seem simplistic, a reason why she chose to publish to the first draft of her effort, she added.  Sonakshi's presence at Aishwarya's book launch would seem apt. Being Rajini's daughter meant Aishwarya, too, grew up amid the dazzle of media hype.  Aishwarya, who is married to Shamitabh actor Dhanush, is a trained Bharanatyam dancer and terms writing as a passion in her life.  The foreword of Aishwarya's book has been penned by Shweta Bachchan, another superstar kid. She was recently appointed United Nations' ambassador for gender equality and women's empowerment in India.  Aishwarya is also a Tamil filmmaker and has sung in few occasional films, too.  In 'Sitting On An Apple Box,' she has tried looking at life as a person who constantly battles to fight for privacy amid the fame that comes with donning so many hats.  Incidentally, the foreword of Aishwarya's book has been penned by Shweta Bachchan, another superstar kid.  In her note at the start of the book, Shweta has noted the good and bad personal experiences of growing up as Amitabh Bachchan's child.  After this debut stint as author, Aishwarya will co-direct a new film with sister Soundarya.  Sonakshi will next be seen essaying the title role in Sunhil Sippy's Noor while Johar spoke of how the fifth season of his talk show Koffee With Karan has been an enjoyable experience. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Will Kabali live up to the hype? Superstar Rajinikanth's... Acting legend Rajinikanth and Baywatch star Priyanka Chopra... Share this article Share   Read more: India News - Latest Headlines, Pictures and Videos | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments (0) Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in New York City Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Next story Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim 5.1k comments 6 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters Hedge Fund Letters To Investors – 2015 Q1 2016 Hedge Fund Letters Q2 2016 – Hedge Fund Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters Hedge Fund Letters To Investors – 2015 Q1 2016 Hedge Fund Letters Q2 2016 – Hedge Fund Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Search for: LG To Make Foldable iPhone 8 OLED Display [REPORT] By Christopher Morris on December 18, 2016 7:28 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip With Apple working on a revolutionary iPhone 8 to be released in 2017, it has been increasingly suggested that OLED technology will be utilized in this next generation handset. And there now seems concrete reason to believe that OLED will indeed turn up in the iPhone 8. Image Credit: Veniamin Geskin / Twitter Previously it had been reported that both Samsung and LG were competing over a supply contract for the OLED display to be utilized in a future iPhone releases. But it is now suggested in a report emanating from China that Apple has decided to partner with LG Display for a foldable OLED panel. LG Display will also link up with Google and Microsoft, according to the report from etnews, with what is described by sources close to Apple as ‘out-foldable’ OLED displays. Samsung and LG have both made huge investments in flexible displays already, with a report from Korea noting that the two native corporations have spent $11.6 billion on developing flexible screens in 2016. There is no doubt that Samsung would love to land this deal with its biggest rival, but it seems that Apple is thinking strategically with regard to its customers future. Apple gamble This could be viewed as a slight gamble from the consumer electronics giant. Although there are obvious reasons why Apple would wish to avoid providing Samsung with such a massive and significant contract, it is nonetheless indisputable that the Korean firm is well placed to deliver such an order. Only months ago it was estimated that Samsung currently produces around 95 percent of small and medium OLED displays in the contemporary marketplace. But LG has been working diligently to develop technology, and has recently demonstrated flexible and affordable display prototypes. It seems that Apple has been swayed by the development that LG has achieved, and it seems that we will now see a major collaboration between the two technology giants. Display technology will be extremely important for the iPhone range in 2017, not least because Apple has rather lagged behind its competitors in this area in recent years. Other smartphones possess significantly better screens than the recent iPhone 7, and it is generally considered that OLED is also superior to the LCD technology utilized in the iPhone series. There is certainly pressure on Apple to both increase the resolution of the display in the iPhone 8, and to keep up with technological innovations such as curved screens. Aside from this, Apple will also be keen to acknowledge the tenth anniversary of the iPhone range with an outstanding iPhone 8 release. The Californian corporation has been accused of producing conservative iPhone devices in the last few years, and Apple would love to escape from this undesired image and deliver a truly outstanding iPhone 8. It is this above all else that is prompting the recent reports of OLED being included in the iPhone 8, as it seems the right time for Apple to make such a major design decision. iPhone 8 – Consumer choice In its Apple Watch range, Apple has shown the importance it is placing now on consumer choice, and this is also likely to be reflected in the iPhone 8. Indeed, an article in the Wall Street Journal has already suggested that there will be multiple iPhone 8 models available at release. A curved screen version of the classic iPhone design is thought to be one of these models, but Apple could also diverge into more specification choices than have been the case in previous generations. Home button Another design innovation that is absolutely expected when the iPhone 8 releases is the termination of the Home button. This has been linked with the iPhone series for some years, but Apple is finally expected to pull the trigger in the iPhone 8 generation. The Home button will instead be replaced by touchscreen technology. Wireless charging Apple is also being linked with a revolutionary form of wireless charging technology, which would enable the iPhone 8 to be charged at a distance of 15 feet. This would be a very welcome innovation for iPhone 8 consumers. Dual-lens cameras Apple is also expected to integrate a dual-lens cameras in all models of the iPhone 8 for the first time. Such technology has already been utilized in the iPhone series, but not in every device contained within the range. Additionally, the Apple hierarchy has talked up the features that will be included in the double-camera set up in 2017, with 3D and augmented reality high on the list of technology. Tim Cook has spoken about the ability of future tech to place actual objects in your real-world view, indicating that this will be even more important than virtual reality. Whether or not this will be quite ready for the iPhone 8 remains to be seen, but it is possible that the next generation Apple mobile will feature a dual-lens camera with the ability to scan the world around users and overlay 3D objects onto this with extremely high accuracy. Shifting marketplace Although Apple remains by some distance the dominant player in the smartphone marketplace, it is on top of a niche that is rapidly evolving. There is clear evidence that growth in the total smartphone marketplace is receding significantly, and the market is also becoming more complex, with new entrants beginning to gain a significant market share. If Apple wishes for the iPhone 8 to be the sort of success that it has enjoyed with previous releases, the corporation knows that it must deliver something that makes the iPhone truly stand out from competitors. While the Californian company can always rely on unrivalled brand recognition and loyalty, this cannot sustain iPhone sales indefinitely if Apple isn’t able to demonstrate to consumers that the smartphone is moving forwards. It seems that this reality will play a major role in the way that the iPhone 8 turns out, and there are already exciting whispers emerging for fans of the iPhone range. Tags: Apple iPhone 8 oled Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Check Out The Incredibly Rare Fossil Of An Ancient Tomatillo The Trump Effect On Currencies [Chart] When Will Electric Cars Go Mainstream? Fintech Disruptions And Adoption Of Successful Technologies And Processes Panel Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team Sponsored Content - Resource Center
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! LG To Make Foldable iPhone 8 OLED Display [REPORT] – ValueWalk Posted on December 18, 2016 by ValueWalk With Apple working on a revolutionary iPhone 8 to be released in 2017, it has been increasingly suggested that OLED technology will be utilized in this next generation handset. And there now seems concrete reason to believe that OLED will indeed turn … LG Display reportedly partnering with Apple on foldable OLED for upcoming iPhones9 to 5 Mac Samsung Will Be Apple’s Top Supplier For iPhones Again In 2017Forbes LG partnering with Apple, Google & Microsoft on foldable OLED displays – reportAppleInsider (press release) (blog) CNET -International Business Times -LearnBonds -PR Newswire (press release) all 58 news articles …read more wrote 24395 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise – TechCrunch Samsung Galaxy A3 & Galaxy A5 (2017) hands-on and up close from CES 2017 – Phone Arena AMD declares Ryzen will be a four-year architecture, details overclocking plans, emphasizes hard launch – ExtremeTech Facebook’s new head of news partnerships, Campbell Brown, has ties to Trump’s education nominee – Washington Post Nvidia Adding Google Assistant, Hands-Free Voice Control to Shield Android TV – PC Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Sponsored Content UAE FLAG DAY Yas Island - Anime KT 10 + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Cricket Scorecard Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America + Abu Dhabi Grand Prix F1 Entertainment F1 News F1 Photos F1 Videos Battle For White House Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + Global Village 2016 Global Village Photos Global Village Videos + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation KT 10 Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines | Global Village 2016 General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Global Village 2016 Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Demonetisation in India Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Abu Dhabi Grand Prix | Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they come to Dubai? IANS/New York Filed on December 18, 2016 | Last updated on December 18, 2016 at 04.28 pm Share More > Vote Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016. Apple customers, who pre-ordered the tech giant's wireless earphones AirPods, have started receiving a pair of the product after the sales went live recently, a media report said. Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21, a report on AppleInsider said. Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016 and the product went up for sale on December 13. According to the report, AirPods were regarded as a highly anticipated item and the initial supply was quickly depleted, pushing back shipment estimates to four weeks mere hours after release. Alongside pre-order shipments, AirPods are rumoured to land in Apple retail stores, as well as mobile carrier outlets and authorised Apple resellers by as early as next week. AirPods are automatically on and always connected. They can sense when they are in ears and pause when taken out. They are driven by the custom-designed Apple W1 chip for efficient wireless connection and improved sound. The W1 chip manages battery life which lets the product deliver five hours of listening time on a single charge. Just 15 minutes of charging can give three hours of listening time. To check the battery, user can hold the AirPods next to an iPhone or ask Siri "How's the battery on my AirPods?" Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they... Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7... READ MORE Technology 5 ways to be safe online in UAE Here are a few ways to ensure that your personal information is safe... READ MORE Companies Over 1b hit by Yahoo hack attack Bank and payment data had not been stolen though READ MORE Technology You can now recall, edit messages on WhatsApp According to the WABetaInfo, the feature is currently available in... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you fined up ... Not only will you pay, you might also have your Emirates ID card... READ MORE Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they... Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7... READ MORE General Waste in Al Qudra lake puts animals at risk Pictures by Dubai resident showed a dead swan surrounded by a large... READ MORE Dubai How Dubai changed the life of these expats Expats recount their experience of Dubai and how it has transformed... READ MORE   Popular Voted Nation UAE holidays in 2017: The year of long weekends 100655 views | 12 December 2016 Crime Prostitute caught in men's accommodation in Dubai 49465 views | 16 December 2016 Auto WATCH: Dh1.3 million Lamborghini gets crushed in front of owner 45010 views | 17 December 2016 Pakistan Who was Junaid Jamshed's second wife? 44780 views | 16 December 2016 Dubai Don't do these 10 things when flying out of Dubai 44573 views | 16 December 2016 Dubai Dubai Shopping Festival: These are the biggest sales in 2017 26854 views | 17 December 2016 Bollywood Watch: Fawad Khan, Aishwarya Rai's deleted scenes from 'Ae dil hai mushkil' 25150 views | 17 December 2016 Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you on-the-spot fines of up to Dh2,000 13902 views | 18 December 2016 Gold/Forex Gold is a good buy in Dubai this holiday season 12854 views | 16 December 2016 Transport Change school timings to improve UAE traffic: Residents 12191 views | 18 December 2016 Legal View 6 UAE industries where you can change jobs any time 11456 views | 19 August 2014 MENA Delhi-Muscat flight diverted to Karachi 10084 views | 18 December 2016 Newsmakers Malayalam film actress Varghese arrested for Dh70m fraud 9720 views | 17 December 2016 MENA Osama Bin Laden's son denied entry to Egypt 8084 views | 18 December 2016 Crime Deceased Indian employee's family gets Dh200,000 in diya 7626 views | 16 December 2016 Crime Prostitute caught in men's accommodation in Dubai 305 votes | 16 December 2016 Auto WATCH: Dh1.3 million Lamborghini gets crushed in front of owner 253 votes | 17 December 2016 Pakistan Who was Junaid Jamshed's second wife? 237 votes | 16 December 2016 Gold/Forex Buy or not? Gold price falls again after Fed rate hike 217 votes | 15 December 2016 Dubai Don't do these 10 things when flying out of Dubai 181 votes | 16 December 2016 Dubai Dubai Shopping Festival: These are the biggest sales in 2017 150 votes | 17 December 2016 Dubai Watch: Tank drives through Dubai Mall 135 votes | 15 December 2016 India Hospital server hacked, secrets behind Jayalalithaa's death may be out soon 122 votes | 14 December 2016 Bollywood Watch: Fawad Khan, Aishwarya Rai's deleted scenes from 'Ae dil hai mushkil' 120 votes | 17 December 2016 Nation UAE holidays in 2017: The year of long weekends 105 votes | 12 December 2016 Crime Pakistani man accused of working as sex worker in Dubai 102 votes | 14 December 2016 Crime Asian man rapes woman in Dubai while 'teaching driving' 96 votes | 13 December 2016 Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you on-the-spot fines of up to Dh2,000 94 votes | 18 December 2016 Transport Traffic Alert: 15 Dubai roads closed today 90 votes | 15 December 2016 Bollywood I was molested when I was a child: Sonam Kapoor 88 votes | 14 December 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Group of 15 international civil servants led three-year inquiry into ‘sweetheart deal’ Sun, Dec 18, 2016, 14:28 The Government is appealing the European Commission’s ruling on its Irish tax position. Photograph: Reuters         “The Maxforce” is the European Union team that ordered the State to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple, rattled the Government, and spurred changes to international tax law. You’d think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn’t. It’s just led by a guy named Max. A European Commission official gave the nickname to the Task Force on Tax Planning Practices in honor of its chief, Max Lienemeyer, a lanky, laid-back German lawyer who rose to prominence vetting plans to shore up struggling banks during Europe’s debt crisis. Since its launch in 2013, the Maxforce has looked at the tax status of hundreds of companies across Europe, including a deal Starbucks had in the Netherlands, Fiat Chrysler’s agreement with Luxembourg, and – its largest case – Apple in Ireland. Lienemeyer’s team of 15 international civil servants pursued a three-year investigation stretching from the corridors of the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, to the Department of Finance in Dublin and on to Apple’s leafy headquarters in Cupertino, California. Much of it outlined for the first time here, this story chronicles a growing clash between Europe and the US and a shift in the EU’s approach to the tax affairs of multinationals. Stateless entities The Maxforce concluded that Ireland allowed Apple to create stateless entities that effectively let it decide how much – or how little – tax it pays. The investigators say the company channelled profits from dozens of countries through two Ireland-based units. In a system found to have been at least tacitly endorsed by Irish authorities, earnings were split, with the vast majority attributed to a “head office” with no employees and no specific home base – and therefore liable to no tax on any profits from sales outside Ireland. The US, meanwhile, didn’t tax the units because they’re incorporated here. ADVERTISEMENT In August the EU said Ireland had broken European law by giving Apple a sweetheart deal. It ordered the country to bill the iPhone maker a record €13 billion in back taxes, plus interest, from 2003 to 2014. One example the commission cites: in 2011, a unit called Apple Sales International recorded profits of about €16 billion from sales across Europe. But only €50 million was considered taxable in Ireland, leaving €15.95 billion of profit untaxed, the commission says. In the coming weeks, the EU is expected to publish details of the Maxforce investigation. At about the same time, Apple will likely lodge its own appeal in the EU court. Though Apple will have to pay its tax bill within weeks, the money will be held in escrow, and the issue will probably take years to be resolved. Lienemeyer began assembling the Maxforce in late spring of 2013 with a mandate of scrutinising tax policies across Europe in search of any favoritism. Direct subsidies or tax breaks to court a specific company are illegal in the EU to prevent governments aiding national champions. His first hire – the person who would oversee the Apple investigation – was Helena Malikova, a Slovak who had worked at Credit Suisse in Zurich. He quickly added Kamila Kaukiel, a Polish financial analyst who had been at KPMG, and Saskia Hendriks, a former tax policy adviser to the Dutch government. US Senate As the four initial members began their investigations, they got a head start from a US Senate inquiry into the tax strategies of US multinationals. The Senate’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said Apple shifted tens of billions of dollars in profit into stateless affiliates based in Ireland, where it secured a tax rate of less than 2 per cent. At 9:30 am on May 21st, 2013, senators gathered in Room 106 of the Dirksen Office Building in Washington DC. Included in the evidence presented that day was a 2004 letter from Tom Connor, an official at the Revenue Commissioners, to Ernst & Young, Apple’s tax adviser. Connor’s question: A unit of the tech company hadn’t filed a tax return. Was it still in business? E&Y responded two days later that the division was a non-resident holding company with no real sales. “There is nothing to return from the corporation tax standpoint,” E&Y wrote. The Senate exhibits didn’t include Connor’s response if there ever was one. At the hearing, Arizona Republican John McCain castigated Apple as “one of the biggest tax avoiders in America”. Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan peered over the glasses perched on the tip of his nose and said Apple uses “offshore tax strategies whose purpose is tax avoidance, pure and simple”. Crucially, though, Levin told the crowded room that under US law, there was little the panel could do to force Apple to pay more tax. Apple chief executive Tim Cook passionately defended the company’s actions, telling the senators: “We don’t depend on tax gimmicks.” The Senate revelations raised eyebrows at the Maxforce’s office in Madou Tower, a 1960s high-rise in the rundown Saint-Josse neighborhood of Brussels. Three weeks after the Senate hearing, Lienemeyer’s team asked Ireland for details of Apple’s tax situation. The Irish side soon dispatched a representative carrying a briefcase filled with a bundle of bound pages. Revenue could have simply sent the material via email, but officials are cautious about sharing a taxpayer’s information with the EU. They have a ground rule to avoid leaks: never send such documents electronically. Bullish While the Government remained bullish in its public statements, saying Apple hadn’t received any favours, behind the scenes tensions were rising. During the summer of 2013, the Department of Finance assured Ministers that the EU investigation would amount to nothing, according to people familiar with the discussions. But those assertions seemed less confident than earlier communications. There was a sense that Apple had worked out its Irish tax position in a vastly different era, and no one remembered many details of the negotiations decades earlier. ADVERTISEMENT In 1980, the four-year-old company – the Apple III desktop had just been released – created several Irish affiliates, each with a different function such as manufacturing or sales, according to the Senate report. Under Irish laws dating to the 1950s designed to shore up the moribund post-war economy, as a so-called export company Apple paid no taxes on overseas sales of products made in Ireland. To comply with European rules, Ireland finally ended its zero-tax policy in 1990. After that, Apple and Ireland agreed that the profit attributed to a key Ireland-based unit, the division discussed in Tom Connor’s letter, be capped using a complex formula that in 1990 would have resulted in a taxable profit of $30 million to $40 million. An Apple tax adviser “confessed there was no scientific basis” for those figures, but that the amounts would be “of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen as a bona-fide proposal”, according to notes from a 1990 meeting with the Revenue cited by the EU. The equation didn’t change even as Apple began assembling the bulk of its products in Asia. Ireland and Apple started to make changes a few months after the Maxforce began looking into their tax relationship. In October 2013, Mr Noonan announced he would close the loophole that let stateless holding companies operate out of Ireland. And the EU says Apple changed the structure of its Irish units in 2015. As the Maxforce stepped up its probe in June 2014, Taoiseach Enda Kenny was wooing potential investors in California. At a San Francisco event to promote Irish entrepreneurs, governor Jerry Brown quipped that he had thought Apple “was a California company”, but according to tax returns, “they’re really an Irish company”. News clips show Irish officials looking on stony-faced as the governor makes his jest. With Lienemeyer’s team digging further into the issue, Apple’s concern deepened. In January 2016, Cook met Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief and Lienemeyer’s ultimate boss on the 10th-floor of the Berlaymont building, the institutional headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels. Vestager Vestager, a daughter of two Lutheran pastors, has a reputation for being even-handed but tough, cutting unemployment benefits while advocating strict new rules for banks when she served as Denmark’s finance minister. While she has acknowledged that her team had little experience with tax rulings – in a November interview with France’s Society magazine, she said: “We learned on the job.” Vestager says enforcement of EU rules on taxation is a matter of “fairness”. In the meeting with Cook she quizzed him on the tax Apple paid in various jurisdictions worldwide. She told the Apple executives that “someone has to tax you”, according to a person present at the meeting. In a January 25th follow-up letter, Cook thanked Vestager for a “candid and constructive exchange of views” and reasserted that Apple’s earnings are “subject to deferred taxation in the US until those profits are repatriated”. Subsequent correspondence became more heated. On March 14th, Cook wrote to Vestager that he had “concerns about the fairness of these proceedings”. The commission had failed to explain fully the basis on which Apple was being investigated, and the body’s approach was characterised by “inconsistency and ambiguity”, Cook said. Apple contended that the EU had backtracked on a 2014 decision recognising that its two Irish subsidiaries were not technically resident in Ireland, and therefore only liable for taxes on profits derived from Irish sources. Now, Cook said, it seemed the commission was intent on “imposing a massive, retroactive tax on Apple by attributing to the Irish branches all of Apple’s global profits outside the Americas”. ADVERTISEMENT “There is no inconsistency,” an EU spokesman said in a statement this week. Only a fraction of the profits of the subsidiaries were taxed in Ireland, the statement said. “As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules.” Hinting to reporters Cook’s entreaties did little to sway Vestager, and in August she phoned Noonan to tell him the results of the Maxforce investigation: the commission was going to rule against Ireland. Late in the afternoon of August 29th, Irish officials began hinting to reporters that Apple’s tax bill amounted to billions and “could be anything”. At noon the following day, Vestager told a packed press conference in Brussels that the commission had decided Apple owed Ireland €13 billion. Though that would be equivalent to 26 per cent of the 2015 national budget, we didn’t want the windfall, with the Government saying the ruling was flawed because Apple hadn’t received any special treatment. An appeal was promised. Officials from Lienemeyer’s team and other EU offices say they have gathered tax information on about 300 companies, looking for what they deem to be favorable treatment by governments across Europe. While they don’t expect all of those to yield payoffs as hefty as that from their investigation of Ireland and Apple, they say a worrying number require the kind of maximum force that the Maxforce can apply. “We focus on outliers where you’re looking at something that is off the radar screen,” Lienemeyer’s boss, 50-year-old Dutchman Gert-Jan Koopman, who is in charge of state-aid enforcement at the EU, said at a Brussels conference in November. “If you’re paying a fair amount of tax then there is absolutely nothing to worry about.” - (Bloomberg)       Topics: Apple tax Carl Levin Jerry Brown John Mccain Max Lienemeyer Tim Cook Tom Connor Department of Finance Dutch Government Eu European Commission European Union Senate Us Senate Apple Bloomberg Chrysler Credit Suisse Ernst Fiat KPMG Starbucks Read More Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims EU tax harmonisation: an issue that won’t go away Apple expects to offset €13bn Irish tax bill by paying less in US Cantillon: Apple’s Irish tax woes the least of its problems UK business confidence recovers in November, survey finds Property prices rise by more than 7% despite lending rules Cheaper energy holds euro zone inflation down in November Lending to SMEs jumps by €359m as property funding rises Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Economy Draghi’s German problem has come back to haunt him Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 3 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 4 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 5 Five reasons why ‘Dancing with the Stars’ needs to hit the mark for RTÉ 6 Developer Garrett Kelleher and the $90m Liberian civil war lawsuit 7 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 8 Challenging times ahead as Denis O’Brien exits tough 2016 9 Debate about second electricity interconnector needs to get real 10 The best – and worst – performing funds of 2016 Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple’s iPhone 7 has a better camera, repels water and dust – Sandusky Register Posted on December 18, 2016 by Sandusky Register Apple sold nearly 92 million iPhones during the first six months of this year, about 15 percent fewer than the same period last year. SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple announced its newest iPhones, the 7 and 7 plus, which are water and dust resistant … Apple iPhone 8 Latest: Three Models, Faster Processors and All-Glass DesignChristian Post Year-End Deals On Apple iMac And MacBook Models Abound: Where To Buy The Best Mac For YouTech Times Apple Loop: Magical iPhone 8 Leaks, Apple Blocks Samsung, Major MacBook Pro ProblemsForbes The Inquisitr -LearnBonds -Know Your Mobile -Smаrt Stоck Nеws all 15 news articles …read more wrote 24395 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise – TechCrunch Samsung Galaxy A3 & Galaxy A5 (2017) hands-on and up close from CES 2017 – Phone Arena AMD declares Ryzen will be a four-year architecture, details overclocking plans, emphasizes hard launch – ExtremeTech Facebook’s new head of news partnerships, Campbell Brown, has ties to Trump’s education nominee – Washington Post Nvidia Adding Google Assistant, Hands-Free Voice Control to Shield Android TV – PC Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Circulars News and weather for: [change] Opinion Friday, Jan. 6, 2017    Last update: 7:25 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland CONTRIBUTORS My kingdom for a scanner that works as promised Print Email Share Tweet Pablo Alcala | MCT Lexmark announced in 2012 that it would close its faltering inkjet printer division. In general, making PCs and the devices that go with them is becoming an ever-more-commoditized, less-glamorous business. By Justin Fox, Bloomberg View Posted Dec. 18, 2016, at 10:15 a.m. Two years ago, my family bought a new iMac and a $149.95 Epson printer-scanner to go along with it. After about a year, the printer started depositing splotches of ink where none were needed and leaving blank spots where the ink was supposed to be. For a while, running the printer’s various maintenance routines was enough to clean things up, but over the past few months it had become impossible to print anything presentable. So we started looking for a replacement. Taking the old printer in to get fixed never really crossed our minds, given that one can buy a new one that does more for less money. We got an HP Envy 7640 from Best Buy for $124.99. It arrived at our apartment the day after I ordered it online. It was easy to set up, and it prints beautifully — so far, at least. When I tried scanning something, though, it didn’t work. The computer and the scanner could not seem to find a way to connect. I found some troubleshooting suggestions on HP’s website, which involved turning things off and turning them back on again, uninstalling software and reinstalling it, and downloading some new software. I did all those things. Still no luck. In search of a better solution, I went online, where I learned that lots of people have been having problems with the connections between their Apple computers and HP scanners since Apple rolled out its Sierra operating system in September. On one epic discussion thread on the HP support site I learned that some people were successful using the workarounds suggested by HP, but many reported continued frustration. One wrote of a long phone conversation with an HP support person that boiled down to, “Hey, I can’t fix it. It’s Apple’s fault.” Others who had talked to Apple indicated that the company was aware of the problem and might be working on a fix. What have I learned from all this? I remember that as the personal computer began to go mainstream in the 1990s, its extreme unreliability was seen as one of the big barriers to its eventual acceptance. In one sense that’s been fixed — operating-system software has gotten a lot more stable, and PCs don’t crash much. But getting them to work with all the other devices with which they are associated remains a seemingly never-ending struggle. During its resurgence in the early 2000s Apple set out to fix this, with an integrated package of Mac software and devices. But now that it gets almost two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and only about 11 percent from the Mac, Apple is understandably less focused on that — as evidenced by its decision to shutter its wireless router division over the past year. In general, making PCs and the devices that go with them is becoming an ever-more-commoditized, less-glamorous business. When Hewlett-Packard split up last year, the chief executive officer and most of the market value went to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., which sells hardware, software and services to businesses. The surviving printer-and-laptop company, HP Inc., is being run mostly as a cash machine, with 72 percent of free cash flow paid out to shareholders in the fiscal year that ended in October — a fact mentioned in the fourth-quarter earnings statement before anything about the company’s actual products. There clearly aren’t a lot of resources going into fixing software glitches with already sold printers. Yes, it does feel a little petty to complain about this. Both our computer and our printer are great improvements over the products of a decade ago, and they cost less. Also, third-party providers have sprung up to fix the usability problems that the big tech companies won’t. Still, this could be one reason productivity growth has slowed. We’re all spending way too much time trying to figure out why our scanners — or Wi-Fi connections or speakers or printers — have stopped working. This may just be evidence of the transition from a PC-based ecosystem to a mobile one that is now sucking up all the investment and generating all the innovation. You still need PCs to get most real work done, but that real work changes with new tools. Will these tools actually all work together? I’ll believe it when I see it. Justin Fox is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the editorial director of Harvard Business Review and wrote for Time, Fortune and American Banker. He is the author of “The Myth of the Rational Market.”   SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« College towns had their fun, but the party’s over Next story:Snow comes every year, so there’s no excuse for you to wait to put on winter tires » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion The Maine towns with the greatest percentage of empty homes ‘Zippah’ cheaters spark road rage at Route 1 detour in Bath Police arrest man after finding him hiding in closet with rifle Giacomo’s owner pledges to honor gift cards Canadian officials trying to determine what killed thousands of fish in Nova Scotia Bangor doesn’t need a parking lot in front of its public parking garage Repealing Obamacare is wrong. Republicans are even going about repeal the wrong way A retail marijuana moratorium is necessary to defend public health LePage’s tax breaks for the wealthy will undermine Maine’s economy How I learned I am a substandard human being UMaine basketball coach taking medical leave UMaine winger excited for first game in nearly two years Long-range shooting helps Bangor boys defeat Brewer MDI running standout headed to prestigious New Balance Grand Prix Smestad’s return to boost Nokomis; Easton’s Flewelling reaches 1,000 ACT OUT WITH AISLINN Man riding Maine-designed fat bike in Antarctica calls it quits OUT THERE I’m back! Subtitle: What I now know about having a stroke (or three) GOING COASTAL Canadian officials trying to determine what killed thousands of fish in Nova Scotia STATE & CAPITOL Legislature’s top Republican, Democrat near agreement on pot moratorium HOUSEWIFE PLUS The Bangor Mall was dead to me when Gap left Giacomo’s owner pledges to honor gift cards Longtime downtown Bangor bookstore BookMarc’s to close For quality small-batch butter, try churning it at home For activists and others, nonviolent strategies against harassment and assault How to survive a Maine winter? With plenty of friends Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Perspectives Perspectives Elegy in Black and White (Part 1) Mainely Thoughts How I learned I am a substandard human being How I learned I am a substandard human being Running Thoughts The First Viral Video of 2017! The First Viral Video of 2017! Pine Tree Politics A question for Republicans in Augusta: What do you stand for? A question for Republicans in Augusta: What do you stand for? David Farmer Playing chicken over Real ID can mess with Mainers’ lives Playing chicken over Real ID can mess with Mainers’ lives Red207 Russian hacking uncovers plenty of hypocrisy Russian hacking uncovers plenty of hypocrisy Top Stories Union: State workers warned about layoffs ahead of LePage budget release Bangor council chairman: Closing of Macy’s ‘just a bump in the road’ 56 mins ago Portland writer helping Maine women march on Washington 2 hours ago Some Mainers will see paychecks bumped up after Saturday ‘The ice is very treacherous,’ Maine Game Warden warns Similar Articles 8.24.2011 Apple says Steve Jobs resigning as CEO 8.27.2012 Apple lists 8 Samsung products it wants banned 4.25.2015 Samsung hints at new smart watch on Apple Watch launch day 7.24.2012 Apple to release new Mac operating system Wednesday 7.16.2014 IBM to offer iPads and iPhones for business users More in Opinion   Trump Tweets   Saturday, Jan. 7, 2017: Why a walkable city matters, subsidizing the simple life, Trump’s dangerous embrace of Putin   Elegy in Black and White (Part 1)   I went to Mexico to teach educators and gained new perspective on my work in Maine   Why Ford’s bowing to Trump should concern us about rising automation Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores Boston Market Open Christmas Eve/Day 2016: Eat-In, Cater, To-Go & More By Tracy Ortiz - December 18, 2016 Boston Market wants to make sure everyone has a Merry Christmas, by offering eat-in, to-go, catering, and a la carte options for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. For those who want to dine out on Christmas Day, they are one of the few restaurants that will be open, but hours vary by location, so call your nearest location to find out times. Christmas Eve and Christmas Day will feature their full menu, along with specials, which will be announced soon. For those who want to enjoy the restaurant’s delicious food from home, either Christmas Eve or Day, there are 3 order options: Heat & Serve (To-Go), Catering and a la carte. Here’s what they have and how to order: Heat & Serve With Heat & Serve they will season and cook everything for you. All you have to do is bring it home and heat it up. Heating instructions are included. For this option, it is best to order by 5 P.M. EST the day before. Heat & Serve Meals are as follows: •There are 4 complete meal for 12 to choose from: Spiral Ham meal ($144.99) or whole Roasted Turkey meal ($109.99), combination half boneless Honey Glazed Ham and boneless Roasted Turkey Breast (114.99) and boneless Roasted Turkey Breast meal ($84.99). -Spiral Ham comes with: 1 spinach Artichoke dip and crackers, 2 mashed Potatoes, 1 gravy, 1 order of Cinnamon Apples, 2 Sweet Potato casseroles, 12 dinner rolls, and 2 pies (1 Apple & 1 Pumpkin). -Whole Roasted Turkey comes with: 1 spinach Artichoke dip and crackers, 2 mashed Potatoes, 2 gravies, 2 Cranberry Walnut relish (12 oz each), 2  servings of vegetable stuffing, 12 dinner rolls, and 2 pies (1 Apple & 1 Pumpkin). -Combo half boneless Honey Glazed Ham and boneless Roasted Turkey Breast comes with: 1 spinach Artichoke dip and crackers, 2 mashed Potatoes, 2 gravies, 1 vegetable stuffing, 2 Cranberry Walnut relish (12 oz each),1 order of Cinnamon Apples, 12 dinner rolls, and 2 pies (1 Apple & 1 Pumpkin). -Boneless Roasted Turkey Breast comes with:  1 spinach Artichoke dip and crackers, 1 mashed Potatoes, 1 gravy, 1 Cranberry Walnut relish (12 oz each), 1 vegetable stuffing, 6 dinner rolls and 1 pie (Apple or Pumpkin). Catering  With the catering option, Boston Market will cook and deliver your meal hot to your door, so you can relax and enjoy with the rest of the family. •There is a 10 person minimum with this option, and 3 catering choices: Premium ($13.49 per person), Deluxe ($11.49 per person) and Create Your Own ($10.29 per person). It is suggested that orders be placed no later than 5 P.M. EST the day before; same day orders may be filled, depending on location. Catering Options are as follows: -Premium: complete meal with your choice of entree (Rotisserie Chicken, boneless Honey Glazed Ham or boneless Roasted Turkey), 3 sides (choose from: mashed Potatoes and gravy, fresh steamed vegetables, sweet corn or vegetable stuffing), cornbread, garnish of Cranberry Walnut relish, and an assortment of Apple & Pumpkin pies. -Deluxe: complete meal with your choice of entree (Rotisserie Chicken, boneless Honey Glazed Ham or boneless Roasted Turkey), 2 sides (choose from: mashed Potatoes and gravy, fresh steamed vegetables, sweet corn or vegetable stuffing), cornbread and assortment of Apple & Pumpkin pies. -Create Your Own: Choose entrees, sides, garnishes and desserts from the entire catering menu A la Carte With this option, you can choose entree, sides and appetizers, and desserts to compliment your home-cooked meal. Same day orders are usually accepted. -Entrees include: Spiral Sliced Ham: $59.99, Whole Roasted Turkey: $49.99: half boneless Honey Glazed Ham: $39.99, Whole Boneless Honey Glazed Ham: $64.99 and boneless roasted Turkey Breast: $39.99. -Sides include: mashed Potatoes: $10.99, gravy: $6.49, sweet Corn: $10.99, vegetable stuffing: $11.99, Spinach Artichoke dip and crackers: $13.99, Cranberry Walnut relish (12 oz): $4.99, creamed Spinach: $11.99, Sweet Potato casserole: $11.99, Cinnamon Apples: $11.99, Mac & Cheese: $11.99, 12 dinner rolls: $3.99, and 12 fresh baked Cornbreads: $3.99. -Dessert include: Apple pie: $6.29, Pumpkin pie: $6.29, and Pecan pie: $8.99. You can go online, call, or go in-person to place an order for any of these options. Do you plan to dine with Boston Market this Christmas? Tell us if you are and why below, and be sure to  follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - Boston Market Open Christmas Eve/Day 2016: Eat-In, Cater, To-Go & More Or use the shortURL: http://n4s.us/53532 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Christmas 2016 – What To Watch – Holiday Movies, NBA Games & More 2016 Christmas Sales & Store Hours: Target, Macy’s & Walmart Super Saturday Sales & Store Hours 2016: Macy’s, Target & Walmart News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News MyPillow’s BBB Accreditation Revoked, Rating Changed To F Jason Bourne & The Secret Life Of Pets – Now At Redbox Chili’s Reward Points Are Gone Earlier Than Promised 2017 New Year’s Sales & Store Hours: Target, Walmart, Macy’s Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! Update: Jet.com Review – Cheaper Than Amazon Prime,… Amazon Prime VS Boxed.com: Which One Saves You More? 4th Gen Apple TV Remote Not Working? Here’s A Quick… NFS Consumer Forum Merry Christmas All! Free Papa John's Pizza deal with purchase of gift card NFS Update: Happy Thanksgiving! Kids Eat Free at Arirang Hurricane Matthew Flooding – Have any recovery tips? Chili's Fathers/Daughters night with free kids meal is Sept 27 50% off at Outback, Carrabba's, Bonefish Grill or Flemings on every 4th visit Up To 50% Off Halloween & Fall Decor From Michaels Free pie at Village Inn on Wendesdays This Monday – free Bloomin' Onion at Outback with any purchase @ Target: Spend $50 on groceries & get a $10 gift card during Labor Day weekend Pet Parents Q&A Papa Johns Promo Code for $10 Specialty PIzza $5 off at Outback thru 8/21/2016 Stupid easy plunge-free, product-free, fix for stopped up/slow draining toilets Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] 9 Things to Do Before Installing iOS 10.2 Adam Mills12/21/2016 The long-awaited iOS 10.2 update is now available for devices around the world and today we want to walk you through some steps to take before you install the iOS 10.2 update on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Advertisement In the weeks since the iOS 10 update’s release in September Apple’s pushed out several new versions of iOS 10 to address problems affecting iPhone, iPad and iPod touch owners. Its latest release is a massive update called iOS 10.2 and iOS 10.2 brings fixes and new features to the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. iOS 10.2 is a huge update. Literally. Its collection of bug fixes and features make iOS 10.2 a 350MB+ update for the iPhone 7. It’s also massive for devices like the iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 5, and the iPad Air. While you might be tempted to download this enormous update right now, you’ll benefit from doing some prep work ahead of your installation. iOS 10.2 brings important bug fixes and new features but it could also bring problems to your device so you’ll want to be as prepared as possible. Advertisement To help, we’ve put together a game plan for you. This guide will walk you through the steps we typically take before we install an iOS update on our devices. Here are a few things to do before you install iOS 10.2 on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Get Familiar with iOS 10.2 1 / 9 One of the first things you'll want to do is get familiar with the iOS 10.2 update and its changes. This is particularly important if you failed to upgrade to iOS 10.1 or iOS 10.1.1. If you skipped an update, it'll be baked into iOS 10.2.  If you're coming directly from iOS 10.1.1, iOS 10.2 is, again, a massive update. It comes with the new Apple TV app, new emojis, and more. If you're coming from an older update, iOS 10.2 will be a much bigger update thanks to iOS 10.1 and/or iOS 10.1.1. iOS 10.2 comes with a ton of changes, big and small, and you'll want to be aware of them before you replace your current version of iOS with iOS 10.2. This way, you won't be caught off guard by the changes.  Advertisement There are a few ways to get this done. You can take a look at our walkthrough. It'll go over the key differences between iOS 10.2 and the previous versions of iOS. It's a great place to start, especially if you're coming from iOS 9 or below.   You'll want to be comfortable with iOS 10.2 and its changes before you make the move. If you haven't dug into the update yet, now is a great time to do so.  1 / 9 2 Responses 09/19/2016 PHILIP CRAWFORD (@MACKabiVIPer42) Reply I notice some time this web page gives you the wrong info like it said iOS 9.3 came out in March well it came out in April for I complained about 9.2 in April to Apple Support on Twitter for I was having problems with my apps and albums of freezing crashing plus why deleted all the photos then tried put them back on before I put on iOS 9.3 just like now when I put iOS 10.0.1 it will take them three weeks put all my Photos on then they will be blank on my 5s 64 GB and on my Laptop or they will be blank with triangle with exclamation mark in middle of the triangle for almost month off and on 12/18/2016 Jackass Reply I’m 46 years old and this is the most unhelpful article I’ve ever read. Possibly the worst in all the history of mankind! All of the unhelpful points could have been summed up in one paragraph instead of 10 unhelpful pages. Complete poop! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Apple employees break their vow of secrecy to describe the best — and worst — things about working for Apple Jim Edwards, Business Insider Sunday 18 December 2016 15:46 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Apple chief executive Tim Cook unveils the latest Macbook Pro range during an event at the Apple Headquarters in Cupertino, California EPA Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it expects all employees to live by. Anyone who breaks it is fired.  Unsurprisingly, employees rarely speak publicly about what it is like to work there.  Luckily, there are several Quora threads written by former and current employees devoted to answering questions about life inside the Fruit Company. We put some highlights together with info we got from our own sources, and reports elsewhere.  Their comments reveal how employees are prepared to pull all-nighters at a moment's notice, how their trash is monitored by security, and how much they enjoy working with the best. ↓↓↓ New interns get a box that contains the following hardcore message: (Quora) From Christina Quan, Apple software development intern. If Apple rejects your internship application, forget about trying again. Apple has software that prevents would-be interns from applying twice. So if you're rejected, that's it. According to Mac Consultant Frank Lazar: "Apple is such a golden opportunity for interns that it can be extremely choosy about who gets to play in their circular sandbox. They look for interns with amazing talent, and in their view, if you failed to show evidence of talent the first time around, a little experience somewhere else isn’t going to change anything." "We don't waste time with the dumb." UX designer Luis Abreu had a grueling job interview process in a failed attempt to get into Apple. He described it on his blog: "3 screening calls, 5 FaceTime interviews, a trip to Cupertino for 5 two-person interviews lasting a whole day and a lunch at the newest Café Macs. In the end, I got a shallow no." During one interview he was told, “We don’t waste time with the dumb.” Once you get in, "it's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight." Anonymous: "There are a lot more fit and good looking people at Apple, than otherwise. It's actually pretty ridiculous. Almost everyone is really athletic: many people do triathlons, bike races, and marathon. It's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight, but then again, it can also be that extra push you need to get in shape. I know of people who've lost 60 pounds and are no longer pre-diabetic because they started going cycling with their coworkers over lunch." "Trash bins were monitored." Tim Su wrote this list describing secrecy at Apple:  - code names for every product - no one referred to products any other way - team members who are also on "special" teams don't tell their coworkers what they do - black curtains and frosted windows - trash bins were monitored "Guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am." David Graham, former writer at Apple: "I remember when bleary-eyed guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am to allow for time-zone differences around the world. They had to do it every day, and I’m sure it disrupted their personal lives." "Apple employees don't just use Macs — they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps." Brent Royal-Gordon, code writer: "Internally, most devices are running test builds of all the software on them, often updating every couple of weeks with the very latest code from the engineering teams. So Apple employees don't just use Macs—they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps. People on the iOS teams often use really buggy iPhones, iPads, and Apple Watches, too. This ensures that the company catches a lot of bugs before anyone on the outside ever sees the software." Apple products are built in factories that run on ... Microsoft Windows. In 2014, CEO Tim Cook tweeted a photo of an Apple factory in Asia he had visited. The manufacturing line was run using screens that clearly showed Microsoft's Windows operating system. That is no surprise: Certain industrial CNC milling programs only run on Windows. In the stores, there is a lot of clapping. Renee Morales, former Apple Store Specialist: "There will be a lot of clapping. As a new hire you'll get ‘clapped in.’ At the end of every shift meeting there's clapping. When someone quits, on their last day they get ‘clapped out’. Sometimes just for kicks to make a little kid feel good you'll clap. ….there's just a lot of clapping." You might get death threats from customers whose devices break down. An Apple store worker told Business Insider: "I have had death threats before. I had someone, I can’t even remember why — it may have been an out-of-warranty fix — who told me that because we wouldn’t repair it for free that they would wait outside until I finished work to run me down with their car." You will have to learn Apple's weird internal secret culture — quickly. Wei Sun, Data Science / Software Engineering: "Almost everything will be at least slightly different from your previous job. If you’re an engineer, there are custom internal tools, unusual practices, and odd office culture norms — even more so than is typical at other companies. Questions should be asked as often as possible during your first month; don’t be afraid to ask." "Furthermore, since secrecy is so important at Apple, different teams’ cultures had a chance to become incredibly different from each other. When working in cross-functional projects, take the time to learn about the other teams’ preferred communication styles and other peculiarities. This will save you a lot of time." Apple controls what you talk about with your spouse. Justin Maxwell was a user interface designer: "The measures that Apple takes to protect its creative and intellectual environment are unparalleled in the valley, and it's been a disappointing experience since leaving there. Apple's security policy extends to blogs, to speaking engagements, to what we talk about with our spouses. Most people get it and respect it. The ones who don't -- the ones who need to put Apple under their name so they can get a speaking gig at SxSW -- are kindly ushered to move on." "If I was still at Apple, I would not be responding to this question, nor would I feel wronged for not being able to." Apple makes grammar and punctuation changes in its internal documents in order to track leaks. After Business Insider obtained a couple of leaked memos from retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the company began making changes to its internal communications to help it figure out where the leaks came from. It now sends differently worded memos to different sections of the company in hopes of tracking leaks back to the source when those memos are quoted in the media. "It's not the place for children." Anonymous: "It's an older demographic working there, not the 24-year old MBAs, most seem to be late 30's to 40's, super smart but with real life experience, too. There aren't any Nerf guns or any of that crap, just people past all that and at the top of their game. It's not the place for children." "I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night." Anonymous: "Apple comes first.  Not to say you can't have some personal life or even a pretty normal one, but when stuff gets crazy, work comes first ahead of all else. I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night in the office on a problem.  No discussion about 'hey, I have to pick up my kids' or 'let me call home first' - everyone nods and agrees, no hesitation." "You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead." Anonymous: "No work from home. The company culture wants everyone face to face every day and they are very up-front and clear about it. You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead. Nobody watches what time you are in every day but telecommute is something they very vocally say is not and will not be part of the culture." They will email you in hospital. Former Apple employee Ben Farrell wrote a lengthy, detailed blog post explaining the reasons he quit the company: "In recent weeks I contracted a nasty incapacitating mosquito born virus and was hospitalised for a short time. However, rather than receiving support, I was emailed a presentation to my hospital bed with a note that it needed to be completed ‘urgently’. Even on the very morning of my wedding I was still being harassed by phone and email to send a report someone had lost." Sunday is a work day. Don Melton was the former director of internet technologies. He did a podcast in which he described Apple's insane work schedule: "Sunday is a work night for everybody at Apple because it’s the exec meeting the next day. So you had your phone out there, you were sitting in front of your computer, it didn’t matter if your favorite show was on." Some hiring managers discriminate against older employees. There is a great story about JK Scheinberg in the New York Times:  Scheinberg was "the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" "I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do." Simon Woodside, program manager in Core OS: "Having all these secrets was difficult from my perspective. I couldn't really engage in idle banter with my colleagues for fear of slipping something out." "... I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do. They would verify with their director, and hopefully be able to fix the relevant problem. We'd slip them some PC hardware if needed or preferably use Virtual PC or the like to be more inconspicuous. They certainly couldn't tell their co-workers about this work." "Personally, I didn't talk either ... my close friends and family knew I was working on some secret project but they didn't find out what until Steve himself made the announcement. Apple had total control of the message. The secrecy paid off big time for the company." There is a serious risk of burnout. Steve Fenwick, hardware engineer: "You don’t work at Apple unless you are seriously motivated to work there. The ones who are there for a check, or stock, are the ones who burn out first and fastest." You will meet a LOT of different people with very different backgrounds. Rodrigo Estrada Gil, former maps engineer: "In my office there is a sports photographer, a documentary filmmaker, a pole dancer, a folk musician, engineers, translators, QA testers, a nurse, a forklift driver, advertising creatives, videogame testers, a trance producer, marketing people, a screenwriter, a documentary producer, ex-housewives, a Pink Floyd cover band singer, a pole dancer, a biologist, a theoretical physicist, a costumier, etc." “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer: Every week, the highest-level execs review every aspect of Apple's business, Fortune reported: “From a design perspective, having every junior- level designer getting direct executive-level feedback is killer,” says Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer who now runs 80/20, a New York design shop. “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Borovsky now works at CADRE. Folks who work in Apple's stores are so poorly paid they often cannot afford to buy the products they sell. An anonymous store worker told Business Insider: "I had a friend who worked there who absolutely loved the products and would go into his overdraft, go into debt, to buy the latest Apple product. It is crazy. One of the managers had to leave because his landlord wouldn’t renew his lease. He had to leave the store because he couldn’t afford to even move into a new studio flat on an Apple Manager salary. I think he went back to live with his parents. He was in his late 30s. Maybe 40." Ariel Maislos: Stay paranoid and keep running. The former CEO of Flash memory company Anobit, which was acquired by Apple, told ZDNet: "They say that Intel is full of paranoids, but at Apple, 'they' really are after you."  "At Apple, you have to run ahead just to stay in place, and there are very high expectations of everyone. Apple expects everything you do to be amazing." "Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours." Anonymous: "Generally speaking it is a pressure cooker and all communication is one directional (guess which way that is)."  "... Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours sum up most of the real culture in operations ... Most of the people in SDM (supply demand management) see it as something they need to suck up for a few painful years after b-school so they can move on to a better gig with the Apple brand on their resume. Like the investment banking of tech." "... Work here at your own risk.  On the upside, cafe food is pretty good and dress is casual." Andrew Guan, Apple China: It can be like a cult. "I don't know what the internal culture is like in the States, [but] in China, it's pretty insane. Imagine, on the quarter meeting, manager stand on the table and shouting 'WHO ARE YOU!' All the employees raise their hands over the head and answer 'WE ARE APPLE!'" Austin Meyer: Working at Apple is like being at war. A fun war. Meyer told this story, as published on Macrumors: "Being at Apple is almost like what I imagine it would be like to be inside of Boeing during World-War 2: Everything is running at 100% throttle, with knowledge that we are running at 100% of our abilities, and that is enough to guarantee the best product, and guarantee success in the final outcome, but nothing less than a 100% delivery is acceptable. Apple is fighting a War against Microsoft, with a clearly FAR superior product, but with the very clear knowledge that it is a FUN war to fight, that they are clearly WINNING, but that they can NOT slip up even the slightest bit if they want to have ultimate success." Brandon Carson, contractor: "Your work is peer-vetted." "They desire and demand a collaborative atmosphere. Your work is peer-vetted -- we had to present our work to the team and take feedback." "At first I found this a bit disruptive, cause I'm used to working on my own projects in a silo, but at the end of the day, the collaboration ensured a better product. And the work didn't progress too far without checks and balances." "More companies need to operate like that internally." "All the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same." Richard Francis, formerly of Intel, who worked on a project with Apple says on Quora: "The brand is guarded with a zeal that borders on zealous obsession. For instance - I heard (unconfirmed) that all the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same." Back when Tim Cook was only the COO, he gave this explanation for Apple's secrecy: “Well, that is a part of the magic of Apple. And I don’t want to let anybody know our magic because I don’t want anybody copying it,” Fortune reported. Apple used to sell this T-shirt at its HQ campus store. (Christian Heilmann / Flickr, CC) Enough said. Read more: • This chart is easy to interpret: It says we're screwed • How Uber became the world's most valuable startup • These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Apple Tim Cook Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Share 18 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Pokémon GO’ On Apple Watch Confirmed By Niantic After Fake Email Leaks Gaming 18 0 0 December 18, 2016 ‘Pokémon GO’ On Apple Watch Confirmed By Niantic After Fake Email Leaks Jovi Figueroa Niantic thrashes rumors that Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch has been cancelled and confirms that the product will roll out soon. It’s been six months since Pokemon GO‘s phenomenal success and it seems its initial explosion is now waning into a weak flame. To keep Pokemon GO trainers from walking away from their devices, Niantic has been very active in bringing more content into the app, such as special events and rewards. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event has been particularly successful, Forbes reported, earning Niantic a huge 133 percent revenue boost throughout the event. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event, although fairly straightforward, did encourage a lot of Pokemon GO trainers who have been straying away from the game to come back. But while these events prove that it will be in Pokemon GO’s best interest to keep holding special double XP events, these alone won’t hold out the game for too long. Public events such as those included in the initial Pokemon GO teaser, featuring special mechanics and gameplay to catch Mewtwo or the Legendardy Birds, have yet to be released by Pokemon GO. And we’re only at the sixth month mark, to boot. Surely, there are more surprises Niantic has in store for all the Pokemon GO trainers out there. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event was a huge success [Image by Brendon Throne/Getty Images] This is why after the Pokemon GO Plus’ immense success in September—a release that was met by immense demand, prompting the device to become sold out—it’s natural for Niantic to introduce a similar or even an updated version of the device. Three months ago, at Apple’s iPhone reveal event in September, 9to5Mac reported that Apple announced an “unfinished” Pokemon GO port for the Apple Watch. This version of Pokemon GO for the Apple Watch will enable trainers to see how far they need to walk to hatch an egg, how much more XP you’ll need to level up, see earned medals, collect items from PokeStops, and even keep track of how much distance you’ve covered and how many calories you’ve burned. The Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch will also let trainers see nearby Pokemon so that they will only really need to whip out their phones if they needed to capture a Pokemon. The concept of the Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch is a pretty nifty one for serious Pokemon GO trainers who found the Pokemon GO Plus quite lacking since there’s not much interaction that could be done with the accompaniment device. In more crime-prone areas, monitoring your Pokemon GO on your Apple Watch instead of on your smartphone all the time also diminishes the risk of accidents and theft. So when Apple announced their partnership with Pokemon GO, stating a tentative release date of “later this year,” serious Pokemon GO trainers would have been ecstatic. But it’s December and 2016 is almost gone and we’ve yet to hear back from Niantic or Apple regarding the Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch. In fact, this impatience from Pokemon GO trainers have prompted fake news such as this one fromReddit, which claims that Niantic has shelved the Apple watch development. The fake e-mail posted by hi1307 read as follows. Trainer, Thank you for your interest in Pokémon GO for the Apple Watch. Unfortunately, the game port for the Apple Watch has been shelved. The Apple Keynote represented an unfinished port. However, as a company, we have decided to stop development of the port. Although development has been shelved, if demand for an Apple Watch port increases, we will continue development of the port. We’re sincerely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. Please enjoy 5 free incense, in your backpack. Once again, thank you contacting Pokémon GO support and sorry for the shelved plans. -NianticOpsLuke GameSpot, however, has reached out to Niantic and has come back with good news. A spokesperson for Niantic confirmed that Pokemon GO remains in development for the Apple Watch with a comment of “We’ll have more news soon.” In fact, earlier today, Pokemon GO made the confirmation via their Twitter page that Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch is still happening. Although its prior release date of 2016 looks glum now, there’s still a couple of weeks left before the year goes away for good. We might still get some great news from Niantic before New Years. Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 For the mean time, as we wait for Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch, you can still try pushing your luck to capture a Ditto, if you haven’t yet. I’m freaking out! I caught a Ratata, turns out it was a Ditto! #PokemonGO pic.twitter.com/uXiPWqgwAZ — Tim (@TimLikesCameras) December 15, 2016 [Featured image by Pablo Cuadra/Getty Images for Apple] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10, & Nexus 6 Share 18 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: Apple watch, ditto, event, pokemon January 14, 2015 Eddie Cibrian Cheating? Actor Reportedly Cheating On A ‘Pregnant’ LeAnn Rimes With Ex-Wife Brandi Glanville June 3, 2013 ‘Extra Long’ Test Drive Lands Florida Man Behind Bars Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Crown’ Renews Interest In Queen Elizabeth As Polls Show Subjects Want Monarchy Abolished South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Reportedly Participating In Weekly Visits With Their Father Los Angeles Lakers: Five Best Players 25 And Under Obama Unemployment Reality: Number Of Americans Not Working At Record High ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Eagle Cam In Florida: Second Egg Not Expected To Hatch — But More Eagle Cam Sites Are Preparing For Eggs Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.3k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 1 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Switch to IGZO Display Panels for MacBook Pro This Year? Apple Shares Five Wallpapers That Celebrate the Chinese New Year [Download] Yalu Jailbreak Gains Support for TSMC iPhone 6s and iPhone SE But Still Has a 'Pretty Serious Bug' Apple Pays Tim Cook Less Following Missed Revenue and Profit Goals Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch Dell Unveils World's First 8K 32-inch Monitor Apple to Open First Retail Store in South Korea Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color Capture and Display, Live Photos Western Digital Announces SanDisk 256GB USB Flash Drive With 420MB/s Read and 380MB/s Write Speeds Suspected Apple Partner Energous Says Wireless Charging Transmitters Will Begin Shipping by Year's End Incipio OX Case Brings Headphone Jack Back to the iPhone 7 OWC DEC Attaches to the Bottom of the MacBook Pro, Adds USB 3, SD Card Slot, Ethernet, Additional Storage D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The World's First Smart Hairbrush [Video] Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotion, Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Purchase of Mac or iPhone Chamberlain Smart Hub Brings Apple HomeKit Support to Almost Any Existing Garage Door Opener Linksys Launches Velop Modular Mesh Wi-Fi System [Video] Moen Announces 'U by Moen' Wi-Fi Shower System That Can Be Controlled By Your iPhone [Video] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store Apple Purportedly Orders All Plastic OLEDs for Curved iPhone 8 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 18, 2016 at 4:21pm by iClarified · 9932 views · Translate Apple has ordered all plastic OLED, not glass, from Samsung Display for the curved iPhone 8, according to the KoreaHerald. “The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple,” a source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald. The site says plastic OLED are used for curved panels like the one on the Galaxy S7 Edge but glass OLED is typically used for flat panels. To differentiate from Samsung's devices, Apple is said to be using new sensing technology. “The upcoming iPhone may use new sensing technology, which enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device. But, Apple may not adopt this technology,” the source added, without elaborating further on details. Apple is expected to rely entirely on Samsung for OLED panels next year but will add suppliers moving forward. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (5) Add Comment T. Cook Sux More Than Just Weiners... - December 21, 2016 at 8:27am Plastic? SERIOUSLY? Is Tim Cook actually TRYING to destroy the greatness of Apple? Apparently so. I've already moved from iPhone to Android (Google Pixel)...and I've ALWAYS been a staunch Apple advocate...BUT...that Pixel outperforms the iPhone 7 in EVERY way and I haven't been this happy with a phone since I first used the iPhone 3G(s). The only thing keeping me using a Mac (a 2013 non-retina..so I can upgrade at my leisure and not have to worry about soldered in components, and has all the ports I need without having to buy an accessory) is OS X (macOS), but I'm sure given time, Tim Cook will find a way to destroy that as well. Someone needs to clone Steve Jobs so he can save Apple again in 20 years...if it isn't already in absolute shambles by then. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Ifrogger - December 20, 2016 at 5:31am Plastic is better than sapphire. It's unscratchable. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Huh? - December 21, 2016 at 8:16am I hope that was sarcasm...otherwise you are a complete idiot. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Steve Nojobs & Tim Crook - December 19, 2016 at 4:02am Boooo All plastic is going backwards another fail from Apple Reply · Like · Mark as Spam KEK - December 18, 2016 at 4:29pm Dontcha kno! Samsheep love de curves. Bring them to us! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Departing Apple analyst has some doubts BEARISH RECOMMENDATION:In a cautious final note, analyst Gene Munster has urged Apple to address investor concerns over innovation and growth, and focus on services Bloomberg In his farewell note to investors, technology analyst Gene Munster was slightly bearish on Apple Inc, a contrast to more than a decade of bullish recommendations. Munster announced his departure from brokerage firm Piper Jaffray Co earlier this month after a 21-year career. He is leaving to start a venture capital fund that will invest in virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence and robotics start-ups. Over this long career covering the iPhone maker, Munster remained bullish on Apple’s stock — he only had a “market perform” four times in the middle of 2004, and maintained an “outperform” or “overweight” recommendation from late June of that year through Thursday last week’s final research note, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Munster also had the ear of the chief executive officer on earnings calls. And following his advice would have generated eye-popping returns. The company’s share price is almost 50 times greater now than when he recommended buying in June 2004. His final note was uncharacteristically cautious. Apple will have to grow its services business a lot if the company is going to successfully address investor concern about growth and innovation, he said. Pulling that off would require big business model changes for the Cupertino, California-based company, Munster added. “Since I started covering Apple in 2004, the two core concerns from investors have always been unit growth and innovation,” the analyst wrote. “Not much has changed since 2004 despite the evolution of the business from PC to mobile and not much will change if they are not successful in making services a bigger part of the story,” he said. Munster predicted that Apple’s services business, the division encompassing Siri, iCloud and iTunes, are likely to become a bigger part of the company’s revenue. Services revenue grew 25 percent year-over-year in the September quarter, and it accounts for 14 percent of total sales, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. For Apple to be considered a services company, that revenue needs to get to 50 percent of the company’s total, which may take radical strategic changes, Munster said. “The company may have to take unique measures to sell hardware in a different way,” Munster wrote. “It could mean accepting a lower profit margin on hardware by selling the low-end device we expected years ago, but got the iPhone 5C,” he added. Or Apple could sell bundled packages of hardware and software direct to consumers, which includes the company’s the iPhone Upgrade Program, an annual App Store budget, Apple Music and content subscriptions, the analyst said. “We don’t know what the right answer is, but feel confident the management team will figure out the best forward path to optimize the services story,” Munster said. He was more optimistic about Apple’s main product, predicting next year’s iPhone to be “compelling enough to sustain high single-digit to low double-digit unit growth.” Apple is working on a redesigned iPhone with a glass casing and an OLED display, Bloomberg News reported earlier this year. This story has been viewed 2079 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-31 to 2017-01-07 Most read Most e-mailed 1 The passing of a Lonely Planet pioneer 2 Book Review: A misunderstood crisis 3 Woman rescued after falling into fissure 4 Trump is a realization of China’s worst fears 5 EDITORIAL: Caution advised for year ahead MORE  1 The passing of a Lonely Planet pioneer 2 Caution urged, with acute gastroenteritis cases rising 3 Employers struggling with new act: poll 4 Labor laws to increase living costs 5 Kite sightings on the rise: birders MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Report: iPhone 8 to come with curved plastic OLED screen Report: iPhone 8 to come with curved plastic OLED screen by Joe Roberts 18 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments Among the overwhelming amounts of iPhone rumours, talk of a curved OLED screen has perhaps been the most persistent. And while previous rumours suggested Apple was looking to introduce a glass OLED display – some even claimed the company was working on an all-glass design for the phone – a new report suggests the redesign could be slightly different. According to The Korea Herald (via 9to5Mac), the iPhone 8 will arrive with a plastic OLED display, built by Samsung, that curves "all over". Related: iPhone 8 A source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald: “The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple.” The report also echoes previous reports that state Apple is working on one radical redesign for its next handset, which will feature the OLED tech and be named the iPhone 8, along with two iterative updates, which could arrive in the form of the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus. Concept renderings show what the upcoming iPhone 8 could look like, alongside iterative '7S' and '7S Plus' models Along with the plastic OLED screen, the Herald also states that Apple could use 'new sensing technologies' to set its upcoming handset apart from rival devices, such as Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S8. Previous rumours have suggested the Cupertino-based company could do away with the home button on the iPhone 8, allowing for a larger, almost bezel-less display. This would mean the Touch ID fingerprint scanner, typically situated below the home button, would need to be moved or integrated into the display, which could be the new 'sensing technologies,' referenced in the report. Related: CES 2017 However, according to the Herald's source, the new sensing tech "enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device." The potential 7S and 7S Plus updates will, according to the Herald, use flat liquid crystal displays from LG Display and JDI. Just why Apple would use plastic OLED technology instead of glass is unclear at the moment, but as with all iPhone 8 rumours of this sort, none of the information has been confirmed, so take the report with due caution. WATCH: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 Head-to-Head Let us know what you think of the latest report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Ticwatch 2 hands-on: Forget expensive Apple and Google watches, this $200 smartwatch packs it all in The wearable market continues to struggle, and it's tough to justify a smartphone companion priced at $350 to more than $1,000. Mobvoi's Ticwatch 2 offers all you need, including GPS, music storage, voice assistant, vibrant display, and heart-rate monitor. By Matthew Miller for The Mobile Gadgeteer | December 18, 2016 -- 13:47 GMT (05:47 PST) | Topic: Mobility Kickstarter campaigns sometimes never deliver, like Pebble Time 2 and Pebble Core, but we also see successfully funded products that end up providing what was promoted. The Ticwatch 2 campaign began in late July and reached its funding goal of $50,000 in just 10 minutes. While I did not back this new smartwatch, I was recently sent an evaluation Ticwatch 2 Active to test. I've used it over the past couple of weeks and think it is a watch you may want to consider if you are interested in wearables but don't want to commit $300 to $1,000 or more to see whether you really need a companion to your smartphone. Specifications of the Ticwatch 2 include: Processor: 1.2 GHz MediaTek 2601 dual-core Display: 1.4 inch 400x400-pixel resolution MOLED, 287 ppi Operating system: Android 5.1 with Ticwear OS layer on top RAM: 512MB Storage: 4GB internal storage Wireless technology: 802.11 b/g/n WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1 Sensors: Optical heart rate, accelerometer, gyroscope, GPS Other features: IP65 dust and water resistant, integrated microphone and speaker Battery: 300mAh battery with wireless charging dock Dimensions: 42 x 42 x 11.95mm and 44g Special Feature Wearables: Fit For Business? Read More The Ticwatch 2 is lighter than the Apple Watch and Samsung Gear S3. I can wear it comfortably for long periods of time and barely even notice it is on my wrist. Hardware The Ticwatch 2 is constructed primarily of polycarbonate material -- matte finish on the top and glossy on the bottom. A standard 20mm-size silicone band is included with the active version, but there are other strap options available. Quick release pins are positioned on the strap, too. The watch doesn't look particularly remarkable, but when you make a gesture to turn on the display, you see that the 1.4 inch OLED looks fantastic. There's an always-on mode, too, so you can see the time and other information without turning on the display. The OLED is bright with crisp, colorful icons and text. The display is touch-enabled with a single crown button to take you back to the watch face. On the side opposite of the physical button, you will find the "tickle strip" that lets you control the device without covering the display. With this strip, you can scroll, select, and change the volume. An optical heart-rate monitor is found on the back, and unlike some watches, it is flush with the back of the watch. Watch software The Ticwatch 2 is based on Android 5.1, with the custom Ticwear layer powering the user interface. When you first turn on the display, you are taken to the watch face. There are 35 watch faces to choose from on the smartphone app, with the ability to download more watch faces, too. I've been quite pleased with the available options. Some watch faces provide various status updates, but none of these areas of information can be tapped or are actionable. Swipe from left to right to launch the included voice control interface. Swipe from right to left to open the app launcher. Swipe down to view the status screen, and then scroll right to left to view the quick cards. You can also swipe up from the bottom of the watch face to view your notifications. Ticwatch 2 hands-on: in pictures SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 11 NEXT PREV Apps installed on the Ticwatch 2 include a phone dialer, calendar, health, fitness, weather, stopwatch, music player, voice recorder, timer, alarm, and calculator. Settings can also be accessed from the app launcher, and there are plenty of options in there to customize your experience. The health app can be used to track your steps, remind you to stand regularly, and check your heart. You can view some details of your activity on the watch, but more info is visible on your connected smartphone. Use the fitness app to initiate a focused activity, including outdoor run, outdoor walk, indoor run, cycling, and free style weights. I used it for outdoor running with the GPS. Unfortunately, like we see on the Apple Watch and Gear S3, these smartwatches with GPS provide a very basic experience that doesn't even show you the GPS connection status when you start a run, so the beginning of your run is often not accurately tracked. The voice control system works fairly well -- with the option to use gestures or key word phrase "OK, Tico" to initiate the system. When you ask questions, it primarily brings up web search results, but it can also be used to make phone calls, check the weather, reply to messages, and more. Like other smartwatches, the Ticwatch 2 can be used to initiate or accept phone calls, so you can talk to people through the embedded mic and speaker. This provides for a very good hands-free experience, and the speaker sounds good. You can send text messages through the dialer app, with the text for the message being entered via voice transcription. Phone software The Ticwatch 2 works with both Android and iOS. Most all of the functionality is the same with both operating systems, but there are just a few limitations with iOS because of the way Apple locks down certain aspects of its operating system. These include the following: Third-party watch faces SMS reply with voice Third-party application quick cards The Ticwear smartphone app is primarily used to customize the settings on the Ticwatch 2. On an Android phone, you can optimize notifications, choose your watch face, select quick cards, view your activity data in the health center, add weather locations, select music to transfer to the Ticwatch 2, access your voice recordings, choose to sync your fitness data with Google Fit, Runkeeper, and Strava, and set up a link to your Uber account. There are fewer options on an iPhone, including notifications, watch faces, contacts, health data, and Uber. You can set up fitness sync to Apple Health within the Health app on your iPhone. The watch app also provides you with the Ticwatch 2 battery status and step count. There is a Mobvoi store that can be installed on your Android phone, but you first need to go into the settings on the watch and then initiate the store app download from the watch. The Android store app comes in the form of an .APK file, so you need to allow unknown sources to install the store app. The store primarily contains watch faces, so if you are satisfied with the available selection on the Ticwatch 2, then I wouldn't worry about installing the store app at this time. Competition The Apple Watch, Android Wear, and Samsung Tizen watches are the main competition for the Ticwatch 2. The Apple Watch is limited just to iOS devices, so if you are an Android user, then its not even an option. Android Wear watches now work with iOS and Android, similar to the Ticwatch 2. The Apple Watch Series 2 ranges in price from $369 up to more than $1,299. The Series 2 watches have integrated GPS and are water resistant, along with vibrant color displays. There has been a hiatus in the Android Wear world lately, with manufacturers looking toward 2017 and a new update to Android Wear. The best current Android Wear watch is the Polar M600, available for $329.95. Pebble is now out of the smartwatch game, so there is no reason to consider one of those devices. Thus, for $199, the Ticwatch 2 is the lowest-priced option to try out a wearable to see if you want to spend hundreds more for a smartphone companion. Daily usage experiences and conclusions The Ticwatch 2 charges wirelessly via the included proprietary charging cradle. You can but the Ticwatch 2 at Amazon in black or white for $199.99. You can also pay another $50 for a stainless steel model with a leather band or another $100 for a stainless steel black one with metal band. Mobvoi is an AI startup supported through investments from Google. I honestly did not know what to expect from the company and am very impressed by the capability and performance of the Ticwatch 2. The Ticwatch 2 is advertised to function for one to two days, depending on your usage and wireless connections. When I used the Ticwatch 2 for running with GPS enabled, heart-rate monitor tracking my heart rate, and music streaming to my headphones via Bluetooth, I found a battery consumption rate of about 1 percent discharge for each minute. Thus, I could use it for my typical 5- to 6-mile workout, but not for too much longer. When used as a smartwatch, and not for a dedicated fitness activity, I was able to easily go a full day. Since sleep tracking is not supported; simply place the Ticwatch 2 on the charger at night, and it should perform well for you. There is about a gigabyte of available space on the Ticwatch 2 for music storage, and you can only transfer music to the watch via an Android device. It took a long time to select songs and transfer them since it was carried out over a Bluetooth connection. The music player is very basic, but you can choose to listen to music over Bluetooth or the embedded speaker in the watch. The watch speaker isn't great for music, but if your headphones die, at least you can still enjoy some music. With GPS, a heart-rate monitor, IP65 dust and water resistance, and music support, the Ticwatch 2 is a good recreational runner watch available at a price less than other GPS sports watches with these capabilities. Overall, I was very pleased with the Ticwatch 2, and it's a great option for those looking for an affordable smartwatch. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility ​Xiaomi India claims it surpassed $1b in revenue in 2016 Mobility T-Mobile bundles taxes into monthly cost, offers money back on low data use Innovation CES 2017: This vibrating wristband claims to reduce workplace stress Networking Amazon fiber optic project seeks funding × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. iPhone sales declined last year and are on pace to show modest growth in the current fiscal year. Yet investors shouldn't overlook the possibility that sales will return to strong growth next year. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM When trying to predict the future, most investors and Wall Street analysts like hard data. A forecast based on recent sales trends seems far more "scientific" than predictions based on rumored features of future products and guesses about what consumers really want. However, extrapolating from sales trends has been a lousy strategy for predicting Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) results. Indeed, sales of Apple's most important product, the iPhone, have been extremely volatile in recent years. The iPhone's past does not predict its future If there is one lesson that investors could learn from looking at iPhone sales trends over the past five years, it's that they don't follow any regular pattern. Fiscal Year iPhone Unit Sales Growth iPhone Revenue Growth 2012 73% 71% 2013 20% 16% 2014 13% 12% 2015 37% 52% 2016 (8%) (12%) Data source: Apple annual 10-K filings. Five years ago, the iPhone was still a relatively new product. At that time, the rising popularity of smartphones and the steady addition of new iPhone wireless carrier partners was driving explosive growth. For Apple's 2012 fiscal year, unit sales and revenue for the iPhone product line both surged more than 70%. iPhone sales growth cooled dramatically in the following two years. In fiscal 2014, iPhone unit sales rose just 13%, while revenue increased 12%. In a 2014 article for Quartz, Christopher Mims noted that "Apple has stopped growing." Mims claimed that new, larger-screened phones that were then rumored to be on the way "mean there's still potential for incremental growth in Apple's revenue. But that's it." He couldn't have been more wrong. In the following year -- Apple's fiscal 2015 -- iPhone unit sales growth accelerated to 37%. And thanks to higher prices for the new iPhone 6 Plus (and rising customer demand for higher-memory configurations), iPhone revenue surged 52%. The iPhone 6 drove incredible sales growth for Apple two years ago. Image source: Apple. In light of this strong momentum, most analysts expected further iPhone sales growth (albeit more subdued growth) in fiscal 2016. They were wrong again. Last year, iPhone unit sales slipped 8% year over year and revenue fell by double digits. Are analysts making the same mistake again? Wall Street analysts don't expect iPhone sales to continue sliding, but they aren't expecting much growth going forward, either. Not surprisingly, there is a wide range of estimates, but on average, Apple analysts expect mid-single-digit iPhone sales growth over the next two years. After overestimating Apple's potential iPhone sales for fiscal 2016, analysts may have swung too far in the other direction now. As Apple's performance a few years ago showed, last year's sharp slowdown in iPhone sales could still be followed by a return to strong growth in the future. Reasons for optimism about Apple's next-gen iPhone Most reviewers think that the iPhone 7 doesn't have any must-have features. Image source: Apple. Most reviewers agree that the iPhone 7 isn't a big upgrade over iPhone 6-series phones. There are new colors, Apple has bumped up the base storage to 32 GB, and the headphone jack is gone, but the exterior design and key components like the screen haven't changed much. Despite this relatively modest upgrade, iPhone sales seem to be on track to return to growth in the current 2017 fiscal year. The explosive growth of the iPhone user base over the last few years means that there are more iPhone owners looking to upgrade than ever before. This seems to have offset the lack of a "wow" factor for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Looking ahead, many industry observers expect Apple to release a "revolutionary" new iPhone design next year, to coincide with the iPhone's 10th anniversary. New features may include an all-glass casing with no bezels, wireless charging, and curved OLED screens. If these rumors prove to be accurate, iPhone sales could accelerate again as they did two years ago, due to upgrade demand shifting into fiscal 2018 from the adjacent years, along with an uptick in "Android-switching." Will iPhone sales grow 37% year over year again? Probably not, but a year-over-year growth rate of around 20% is entirely plausible. While a few analysts on Wall Street recognize this possibility, the vast majority have been scared away from making bold iPhone sales growth projections after Apple's disappointing fiscal 2016. However, the volatility of Apple's iPhone sales in the past few years shows that sales trends over the course of a year -- or even two -- offer very little guidance about what to expect in the future. Investors shouldn't ignore the past, but they shouldn't read too much into recent iPhone sales trends, either. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. #stocks $AAPL
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Auto Deals Entertainment Gadgets Gaming Mobile Reviews Tech Web & Social Auto Deals Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Exclusive Featured Gadgets Guide Interview Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Netflix Opinion Podcast Preview Review Roundup Science Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Video Wearable Tech Web & Social Viral COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You can now report iCloud calendar spam, but how to stop it? by Aleks • December 18, 2016 December 18, 2016 in Apple Lately, there has been a surge of spam invites in the iCloud calendar. Users have been reporting this since early November, but it was about time that Apple is finally aware of the problem. What is the iCloud calendar spam? You get a notification that somebody sent you an invitation. You can decide to “accept” or “close” the invitation. And it would be good to get a new invite every now and then. But not 100 invites per day.Apple has now added “report junk” feature to address the iCloud calendar spam problem. The feature is now available when you sign in iCloud.com and report the invite from there. And just so you know, if you decline an invitation, you are just giving spammers idea that you see the message, and they will send you another one. Apple has now added “report junk” feature to address the iCloud calendar spam problem. The feature is now available when you sign in iCloud.com and report the invite from there. And just so you know, if you decline an invitation, you are just giving spammers idea that you see the message, and they will send you another one. ADVERTISEMENT Why spam even appears on your calendar? Truth be told, we must admit that spammers are creative. Some even say it was expected that this will happen. As soon as Apple announced that the iCloud service will automatically add new event invitations to users calendar, spammers found a way to exploit that weakness. As a result, we see huge iCloud calendar spam. You are getting invites sent to your address as “internet-standard attachments”, or “*.ics”. They are followed by a description for sale on shoes, bags, sunglasses, or anything in between, and the address of a shopping website. Chances are, you haven’t heard of the website.The problem is, iCloud servers now work in a way that they add these invitations to your calendar in the same way the service would add an invite from a friend. When friends and colleagues send you invites for a ADVERTISEMENT The problem is, iCloud servers now work in a way that they add these invitations to your calendar in the same way the service would add an invite from a friend. When friends and colleagues send you invites for a coffee, or lunch, they go to the calendar. Spammers found a way to exploit that weakness. How to stop spam from appearing? There are two ways you can delete spam from your calendar. The first one is to decline the invites, but they will come back again. You can also move all the invites to a different folder, and then delete the folder. But that will not stop them from coming. The only way to completely stop iCloud calendar spam is to adjust the settings. As per Macworld, these are the steps you need to make:- Open your desktop browser, and go to the iCloud calendar page. You cannot use Safari for this option – Open your desktop browser, and go to the iCloud calendar page. You cannot use Safari for this option – Locate the gear icon in the lower-left corner, and click on it – Click Preferences – Click Advanced – Go to the invitations section, and change the option from In-App notifications to Email to iCloud address.When you do this, all spam invitations will now appear in the inbox of your email. However, the good news is that your email works differently, and filters them to the spam folder directly. So, you won’t even notice these boring invitations. When you do this, all spam invitations will now appear in the inbox of your email. However, the good news is that your email works differently, and filters them to the spam folder directly. So, you won’t even notice these boring invitations.The only downside is that now all calendar notifications, even those from friends, will go to your email inbox. And you’ll have to look for them there and add them to the calendar. The only downside is that now all calendar notifications, even those from friends, will go to your email inbox. And you’ll have to look for them there and add them to the calendar. What can Apple do? A spokesman for Apple stated that the company is sorry for the inconvenience. The full statement is: We are sorry that some of our users are receiving spam calendar invitations. We are actively working to address this issue by identifying and blocking suspicious senders and spam in the invites being sent.   But what can they actually do? Well, one option is to improve the filtering. Add a filter that works in the same way as email filters do. This way, the obvious iCloud calendar spam will land in the spam folder. For example, Apple can change so that invitations are automatically added only from people in your iCloud contacts. Tagged in: Apple / iCloud / iCloud calendar / Software / spam / spammers Share Tweet Aleks All Aleks's Posts Comments Be The First to Comment Related Reads Apps & Software Foursquare for BlackBerry Updated to 3.9 – NFC Support, Better GPS Logic Lucas Atkins • April 27, 2012 Apps & Software ScoreMobile tablet edition Released for BlackBerry PlayBook Lucas Atkins • June 30, 2011 Apps & Software Email++ for BlackBerry Updated to Version 2.5.1 Lucas Atkins • March 8, 2012 Apps & Software Rdio now available on BlackBerry Curve, Torch, and Storm Lucas Atkins • November 12, 2010 Apple, Television Apple’s Original TV Show ‘Vital Signs’ To Star Dr.Dre and Promote Apple Music Sid Suvarna • February 29, 2016 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. iPhone sales declined last year and are on pace to show modest growth in the current fiscal year. Yet investors shouldn't overlook the possibility that sales will return to strong growth next year. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM When trying to predict the future, most investors and Wall Street analysts like hard data. A forecast based on recent sales trends seems far more "scientific" than predictions based on rumored features of future products and guesses about what consumers really want. However, extrapolating from sales trends has been a lousy strategy for predicting Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) results. Indeed, sales of Apple's most important product, the iPhone, have been extremely volatile in recent years. The iPhone's past does not predict its future If there is one lesson that investors could learn from looking at iPhone sales trends over the past five years, it's that they don't follow any regular pattern. Fiscal Year iPhone Unit Sales Growth iPhone Revenue Growth 2012 73% 71% 2013 20% 16% 2014 13% 12% 2015 37% 52% 2016 (8%) (12%) Data source: Apple annual 10-K filings. Five years ago, the iPhone was still a relatively new product. At that time, the rising popularity of smartphones and the steady addition of new iPhone wireless carrier partners was driving explosive growth. For Apple's 2012 fiscal year, unit sales and revenue for the iPhone product line both surged more than 70%. iPhone sales growth cooled dramatically in the following two years. In fiscal 2014, iPhone unit sales rose just 13%, while revenue increased 12%. In a 2014 article for Quartz, Christopher Mims noted that "Apple has stopped growing." Mims claimed that new, larger-screened phones that were then rumored to be on the way "mean there's still potential for incremental growth in Apple's revenue. But that's it." He couldn't have been more wrong. In the following year -- Apple's fiscal 2015 -- iPhone unit sales growth accelerated to 37%. And thanks to higher prices for the new iPhone 6 Plus (and rising customer demand for higher-memory configurations), iPhone revenue surged 52%. The iPhone 6 drove incredible sales growth for Apple two years ago. Image source: Apple. In light of this strong momentum, most analysts expected further iPhone sales growth (albeit more subdued growth) in fiscal 2016. They were wrong again. Last year, iPhone unit sales slipped 8% year over year and revenue fell by double digits. Are analysts making the same mistake again? Wall Street analysts don't expect iPhone sales to continue sliding, but they aren't expecting much growth going forward, either. Not surprisingly, there is a wide range of estimates, but on average, Apple analysts expect mid-single-digit iPhone sales growth over the next two years. After overestimating Apple's potential iPhone sales for fiscal 2016, analysts may have swung too far in the other direction now. As Apple's performance a few years ago showed, last year's sharp slowdown in iPhone sales could still be followed by a return to strong growth in the future. Reasons for optimism about Apple's next-gen iPhone Most reviewers think that the iPhone 7 doesn't have any must-have features. Image source: Apple. Most reviewers agree that the iPhone 7 isn't a big upgrade over iPhone 6-series phones. There are new colors, Apple has bumped up the base storage to 32 GB, and the headphone jack is gone, but the exterior design and key components like the screen haven't changed much. Despite this relatively modest upgrade, iPhone sales seem to be on track to return to growth in the current 2017 fiscal year. The explosive growth of the iPhone user base over the last few years means that there are more iPhone owners looking to upgrade than ever before. This seems to have offset the lack of a "wow" factor for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Looking ahead, many industry observers expect Apple to release a "revolutionary" new iPhone design next year, to coincide with the iPhone's 10th anniversary. New features may include an all-glass casing with no bezels, wireless charging, and curved OLED screens. If these rumors prove to be accurate, iPhone sales could accelerate again as they did two years ago, due to upgrade demand shifting into fiscal 2018 from the adjacent years, along with an uptick in "Android-switching." Will iPhone sales grow 37% year over year again? Probably not, but a year-over-year growth rate of around 20% is entirely plausible. While a few analysts on Wall Street recognize this possibility, the vast majority have been scared away from making bold iPhone sales growth projections after Apple's disappointing fiscal 2016. However, the volatility of Apple's iPhone sales in the past few years shows that sales trends over the course of a year -- or even two -- offer very little guidance about what to expect in the future. Investors shouldn't ignore the past, but they shouldn't read too much into recent iPhone sales trends, either. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. #stocks $AAPL
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Work and salary Telegraph Money Work and salary News Could you get a job at Apple? It depends on your answers to these 25 questions The dreaded interview... Adam Boult 17 December 2016 • 9:55am Many people would love to work at Apple, considered to be one of the most forward-thinking and innovative tech companies in the world today. However, would you be able to get through an Apple job interview?  People who've applied for jobs with the firm - successfully and unsuccessfully - have been sharing some of the questions they were asked during their interviews on the website Glassdoor. Here's a selection of them - how would you cope with being asked these? "Who would you most like to share a coffee with and why?" "Who is your role model and why?" "Are you creative? What's something creative that you can think of?" "How would you describe yourself?" "There are three boxes, one contains only apples, one contains only oranges, and one contains both apples and oranges. The boxes have been incorrectly labeled such that no label identifies the actual contents of the box it labels. Opening just one box, and without looking in the box, you take out one piece of fruit. By looking at the fruit, how can you immediately label all of the boxes correctly?" "What would you say to a customer who says they don't like Apple?" "Tell me about a time when you got something you didn't think you deserved." "What is the most embarrassing song you have on your phone?" “If you have 2 eggs, and you want to figure out what’s the highest floor from which you can drop the egg without breaking it, how would you do it? What’s the optimal solution?” "Name one moment in your life that defined you and why?" "What's your biggest weakness and why?" “If you’re given a jar with a mix of fair and unfair coins, and you pull one out and flip it 3 times, and get the specific sequence heads heads tails, what are the chances that you pulled out a fair or an unfair coin?” "Name a person that you would trust to make life decisions for you." "What would you say to your future self and past self now." "Who is your favourite leader?" “You have a 100 coins laying flat on a table, each with a head side and a tail side. 10 of them are heads up, 90 are tails up. You can’t feel, see or in any other way find out which side is up. Split the coins into two piles such that there are the same number of heads in each pile.” "How many children are born every day?" "Are you smart?" “You put a glass of water on a record turntable and begin slowly increasing the speed. What happens first — does the glass slide off, tip over, or does the water splash out?” “What would you want to do 5 years from now?” "How would you test a toaster?" "If you had to float an iPhone in mid-air, how would you do it?" "Explain a situation when you gave the wrong advice. What were the consequences? What did you learn from this?"   Watch | Interview howlers: The worst candidates at interview 01:56 Jobs | The top 20 places to interview in the UK   Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: Apple Show more Money latest 06 Jan 2017, 4:56pm Post Office nudges ahead with top easy-access account 06 Jan 2017, 3:09pm Property Doctors: how can I keep my green fingers busy during the cold winter? 06 Jan 2017, 11:10am Half of households on £70k income feel they 'just about manage' Premium 06 Jan 2017, 10:10am Promising L&G and bombed-out Next: two additions to Questor's income portfolio Premium 06 Jan 2017, 8:30am FTSE 100 hits successive record highs - but can it last? 06 Jan 2017, 8:29am Mini-bond firm may not survive, auditor warns Gallery 06 Jan 2017, 6:00am Gallery: A car gallery, a flower-cutting room and a personal massage parlour: the blingiest homes for sale in Hollywood 05 Jan 2017, 2:29pm Sales of prime London property pick up as prices become more 'realistic' 05 Jan 2017, 1:00pm Why the best savings rates are coming from banks you've never heard of 05 Jan 2017, 12:04pm 'We bought Amazon because it's impossible to replicate' 05 Jan 2017, 11:00am Calculator: how much can you make from a Lifetime Isa or 'Lisa'? 05 Jan 2017, 8:51am Money Makeover: 'Should we spend all our £450k cash on a first property?'  Premium 05 Jan 2017, 6:17am Questor: Alliance Trust’s 'reinvention’ leaves too many unanswered questions: buy Witan instead Premium 05 Jan 2017, 12:01am Number of over 80s expecting to bequeath more than £150,000 doubles in a decade  04 Jan 2017, 2:19pm How much could you save by keeping your New Year resolutions? 04 Jan 2017, 1:46pm 22 of the best ways to save money in the New Year 04 Jan 2017, 11:59am New electricity tariff offers 80pc discount for night-time usage 04 Jan 2017, 8:33am Questor outperforms the market - here are our highs and lows of investing Premium 00:56 04 Jan 2017, 2:08am 'Fat Cat Wednesday': executives set to have earned more by today than average worker does all year 03 Jan 2017, 5:17pm Your 2017 bank resolution: switch accounts and earn £200 03 Jan 2017, 1:55pm Analysis: will there really be a property crash in 2017? These six charts may give the answer Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple AirPods In-Store Availability Possible From December 19th By Adnan Farooqui on 12/18/2016 10:00 PST Apple introduced the wireless AirPods earbuds with the iPhone 7 in September this year. While the earbuds were supposed to be released within a few weeks of being announced, the company had to delay the release multiple times due to purported technical issues. Apple finally started selling the AirPods online last week but you still can’t walk into one of its stores and pick one up. That might be possible come December 19th. According to a new report, Apple is going to announce in-store availability of AirPods on Monday, December 19th. If that’s the case, it would mean that AirPods will become available for purchase in the company’s retail stores two days before online orders starting showing up at customers’ doors. The report adds that aside from Apple’s own brick-and-mortar stores, AirPods are also going to be available from carrier stores and Apple Authorized Resellers starting Monday, December 19th. Supplies are likely to be constrained and it’s unclear how many units will be assigned per store. When Apple started selling AirPods online on December 13th, the initial supply sold out very quickly. Shipping times have now been pushed back to over a month. All the more reason to head over to an Apple Store bright and early if the company does start selling the AirPods in its stores tomorrow. They’re likely to sell out soon. Filed in Apple. Read more about AirPods. Related Articles 2017-01-02 This $5 Sticker Will Prevent Your AirPods From Being Stolen 2016-12-30 AirPods Maker To Expand Production To Meet Demand 2016-12-28 Some AirPods Charging Cases Are Experiencing Battery Drain 2016-12-28 Apple’s CEO Calls AirPods A ‘Runaway Success’ 2016-12-21 Fear Losing Your AirPods? This Guy Has It All Figured Out LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Tesla To Take Action Against Drivers Who Park Cars At Superchargers Google Is Apparently Moving Away From Fully Autonomous Cars Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World AT&T Is Offering Internet of Things Kits For AWS and Raspberry Pi LG Robots Will Keep Airports Clean And Make Sure You Don't Miss Your Flight More Interview Exposes How We Got Those Two Digital Cameos in 'Rogue One' 'Mute', Looks Like a Colorful Dystopian Adventure What Will be January’s Schlockiest Movie? MovieBob Reviews: A MONSTER CALLS More Super Mario Land Gets Recreated in Mario Maker Resident Evil 7’s “4D VR Candle” Will Let You Smell th... Nintendo Will Show Switch Launch Games on January 13 Game of the Year: Strong Bad’s Cool Game for Attractive People More 10 Essential Sketches from Portlandia Expect Familiar Faces in Better Call Saul Season Three 'The Man in the High Castle' Gets New Showrunner for Season Three The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 More Commissioner Gordon, a Cornerstone of Batman’s Life Buy This Comic! Unstoppable Wasp #1 Trillions of Tribbles Tribute Art Aubrey Sitterson Talks G.I. Joe, Transformers, and Everything in Between More The Worst And Weirdest Shrek Fan Art These Titanfall 2 Lego Models Need To Be On Store Shelves NASA Has Its Biggest Year Ahead of It Lego Boost Is a More Wallet-Friendly Robotics Kit More Tech Apple Will Charge You $69 To Replace That Lost Airpod By Lee Mathews 12.18.2016 :: 11:30AM EST Stay on target Courage: Apple’s AirPods Are Still Without a Release Date After accepting $3 billion from Apple, Beats co-founder says EarPods are... It took a little longer than expected for Apple’s first wireless earbuds to arrive. Now that you can buy a pair of Airpods, you might want to know what it’ll cost if you lose one of the little buggers. The price actually seems quite reasonable. Apple will charge you $69 for a replacement, which, given that their retail price on the full package is $159 isn’t all that bad. If you happen to lose all three major components at different times, you’re going to pay a bit extra. The special charging case will run you another $69, so if you don’t learn your lesson after the misplacing that first Airpod you’ll be out a total of $207. If you’re anticipating that kind of misfortune, you might want to just buy an extra pair now and save yourself almost fifty bucks. Or, you know, commit to taking care of the tiny, incredibly lose-able wireless ‘phones you just bought yourself to use with your headphone jack-less new iPhone. Apple does try to warn you when an Airpod goes rogue — while you’re listening to your tunes with them, anyway. Should one fall out of your ear, playback will stop.  As Engadget notes, that functionality isn’t there strictly to alert you: Apple also designed them that way to make it easier to listen to someone speaking to you when you pull one out. But hey, any feature that helps you avoid spending $69 unnecessarily is cool, whether that’s the primary purpose or not. And before anyone else posts something like this on Apple’s support forums: no, “find my Airpod” is not a thing. Not yet, anyway. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit AirPods Apple earbuds headphones iphone Speak Your Mind More in Tech 01.06.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Daniel Starkey Tech Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv Tech 01.06.2017 :: 3:00PM EST :: Jordan Minor Tech CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World Tech 01.06.2017 :: 2:15PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech AT&T Is Offering Internet of Things Kits For AWS and Raspberry Pi Tech 01.06.2017 :: 12:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech LG Robots Will Keep Airports Clean And Make Sure You Don't Miss Your Flight Tech 01.05.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Build Your Own Arcade Joystick With Raspberry Pi Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. CES 2017 Tech That Will Save and/or Ruin the World Tech 01.06.2017 :: 5:15PM EST Super Mario Land Gets Recreated in Mario Maker Games 01.06.2017 :: 4:30PM EST Interview Exposes How We Got Those Two Digital Cameos in 'Rogue One' Movies 01.06.2017 :: 3:45PM EST Watch Two Bots Plot Our Destruction on Twitch.tv Tech More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
Press Esc to close Saturday 07 January 2017 News updated at 1:56 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 28.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Karnataka comes out with NRI policy, to start investment promotion cell      7 constables suspended for 'robbery'      A busy three days for 1,800 NRI delegates from today      Women's hostels lack security, basic amenities:&#8200;BJP&#8200;survey      I-League faces bleak future      5 dead as gunman opens fire at Fort Lauderdale airport in US      NRIs can deposit old banknotes till June 30      Govt clears 26% stake sale in BEML      Tata Sons convenes EGM to oust Mistry as director      Logistics industry beckons investments      GDP growth slows to 7.1% in FY17; demonetisation not factored in      India examining 'all options' to get Azhar listed as global terrorist      No grace period for US ambassadors appointed by Obama      RJD, Cong protest Lalu's exclusion from dais at Prakash Parv      I am no hurdle in Akhilesh's path: Amar Singh      Virat takes charge; Yuvi, Nehra make comeback, Pant new face      Mastermind of Dhaka cafe attack killed in police raid      Sena sharpens attack on Centre, says 'worst in 10,000 years'      TN govt, AIADMK urge centre to honour late Chief Minister MGR      Union Budget for country, not state specific: Naidu      Justice Katju tenders unconditional apology in apex court      Lodha Panel gives 'Go Ahead' after BCCI delays team selection      Classified report on Russia, election hacking going to Trump      You will always be my captain: Kohli pays tribute to Dhoni      NIA files charge sheet against captured Pak terrorist     Next Story Seamless shopping in future Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Technology failures and hits of 2016 Technology failures and hits of 2016 Brian X Chen, Dec 19, 2016, INYT If you love technology, it may be time for a group hug: This year has been rough for consumer technology. From exploding smartphones and hoverboards to the proliferation of fake news on social media, many of our tech hardware, software and web products suffered embarrassing failures. Behemoths like Google, Facebook and Samsung Electronics were on the firing line as a result. Yet the year was not entirely bleak. There were major strides in several areas of consumer tech, including Wi-Fi, virtual reality and encryption. What follows is a year in review on the tech that needed the most fixing, and the tech that was actually fixed in 2016. Tech that needed fixing Batteries Lithium ion has been the go-to technology for batteries powering consumer electronics for decades. But faulty lithium-ion battery cells were blamed for two high-profile product safety hazards this year: exploding hoverboards and Samsung Galaxy Note smartphones. The defects led schools to ban the use of hoverboards on campus and Samsung to recall more than 2.5 million Note 7 smartphones. Lithium ion has stuck around for so long because it is cheap and easy to reproduce. Yet this year’s explosive episodes — combined with the persistent complaint that smartphone batteries don’t last very long — raise questions about whether the industry should shift toward advanced battery technologies that have been in development for years. Samsung’s safety record Samsung’s safety record took a black eye from more than just those combustible cellphones. The company also recalled 2.8 million defective washing machines in the United States that were prone to abnormal vibrations that could cause injury. In addition, Samsung’s Galaxy Note recall was so poorly handled that the company had to issue a second recall, then kill the product, after it failed to diagnose and fix the problem both times. The two major product defects made one thing clear: The tech giant needs to fix its quality assurance protocols to ensure that consumer safety is a priority — and not just crank out big, bright screens on phones or fast spin cycles on washers. Fake news and abuse on social media During the presidential campaign, Facebook, Twitter and Google faced mounting criticism for letting fake news propagate on their platforms, potentially influencing Americans to cast their votes based on misinformation. Twitter was also separately criticised for its taciturn approach to dealing with abusive tweets, including racist attacks and threats of violence. All the internet companies took steps toward combating fake news and hateful speech. But the polarized election underscored the costs of internet freedom: When the web resembles the Wild, Wild West, the consequences can be dire. Virtual assistants Google put artificial intelligence in the spotlight this year when it introduced Home, a smart speaker that is its response to Amazon’s Echo; Allo, a messaging service that leverages AI; and Pixel, a smartphone that heavily relies on a virtual assistant. Despite all the hype, all virtual assistants, including Google’s Assistant, Apple’s Siri and Amazon’s Alexa, continued to be subpar this year. In rigorous testing, they all failed at obvious tasks — for example, Alexa initially couldn’t say who was playing in the Super Bowl (even though she was featured in a Super Bowl commercial), Google Assistant couldn’t book a dinner table or order delivery food, and Siri was unreliable at giving map directions. Virtual assistants are poised to get smarter as we use them more. But consumers shouldn’t let virtual assistants be a major factor in what they buy just yet, because the assistants are all pretty dumb. Tech that was fixed Wi-Fi On the bright side, a ubiquitous technology that has been the source of much consumer anguish saw great improvement over the last year: Wi-Fi. Newer, well-reviewed routers, like products from TP-Link, Asus and Netgear, feature smarter and faster wireless technologies that do a better job of assembling signals and beam energy more accurately at mobile devices. In addition, Google and the startup Eero made Wi-Fi networks easier to set up for those with little technical know-how. With Eero’s Wi-Fi system and Google Wifi, the companies introduced well-designed apps that help people set up multiple Wi-Fi stations in the home. The multiple access points create a so-called mesh network that enables mobile devices to seamlessly switch to the strongest Wi-Fi signal as consumers move around their homes with smartphones, laptops and tablets. Virtual reality Virtual reality still has a long way to go before it becomes mainstream. The devices released this year by HTC, Facebook’s Oculus, Sony PlayStation and Google largely revolve around gaming, limiting their audience. In addition, most of the devices are expensive. But the technology has made significant strides. It works smoothly, and the experiences are immersive and stunning. Apps released this year — like Tilt Brush, a 3-D painting tool for HTC’s Vive, or SuperHyberCube, which is like Tetris with a virtual-reality twist for PlayStation VR — demonstrated virtual reality’s tremendous potential. Encryption Tensions between tech companies and the government reached a fever pitch during Apple’s face-off with the FBI early this year over privacy and security. The FBI had demanded that Apple weaken its iPhone encryption so that it could gain access to the contents of a phone belonging to a gunman in the San Bernardino, California, mass shooting. Apple refused, arguing that weakening its software system for a single investigation would create vulnerabilities that might put all customers at risk. The FBI eventually withdrew its demand after figuring out how to break into the iPhone without Apple’s help. Amid Apple’s feud with the FBI, many big tech companies expanded encryption in their products. Facebook, WhatsApp and Google put the encryption protocol from Signal, a widely lauded secure messaging service, in their messaging services. Though none of the encrypted messaging services are perfect, this year marked significant progress toward offering tools that strengthened consumer privacy. Streaming live video Mobile video broadcasting was once a novelty because live streams had a tendency to be spotty, unreliable and impractical to produce. But in the last year, Twitter’s Periscope and Facebook Live have made mobile live video streams simple to shoot and extremely popular. Periscope reported that as of March, 110 years’ worth of live video was consumed daily on its mobile apps, up from 40 years’ worth a day last year. Facebook said videos are viewed 8 billion times a day on the social network, up from 1 billion a year ago, and live videos get 10 times as many comments as other videos. The popularity of live video streaming is making online video a prominent medium. Just scroll down your Facebook News Feed and witness how often people are posting videos instead of photos and text. Video has become unavoidable.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Debt traps threaten Nepal quake victims Girls ears cut off after she protested... Hyena enters village, runs amok Japan to recall its South Korea envoy... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.4 arrested in molestation case 2.Such incidents do happen: Parameshwara on Bengaluru molestation charge 3.Partying late night not in Indian culture: SP leader 4.Mamata seeks Modi's ouster, 'national govt' under Advani 5.'Note ban may hit economy' 1.How to face JEE Main 2017 2.H1-B visa bill back in US Congress 3. Now, you can generate your own ration card from Jan 9 4.There's always enough time... 5.Retail trends to watch out for in 2017 1. 4 arrested in molestation case 2. Veteran Bollywood actor Om Puri dies of heart attack 3. H1-B visa bill back in US Congress 4. Right decision if Dhoni doesn't see himself in 2019 WC: Dravid 5. Mamata seeks Modi's ouster, 'national govt' under Advani Photo Gallery A foreigner lights up candles at the illuminated Golden Temple on the occasion of the 350th... Schoolchildren attend a mass Yoga session at a camp in Ahmedabad... Tarali Dam's water supply valve bursts in Satara, Maharashtra... Digital display vehicle to City Police Commission at Police Commissioner Office premises... Enthusiast in the middle of a stunt in Indian National Autocross Championship by Maruti Suzuki... BSF's camel-mounted contingent during a rehearsal at Rajpath ahead of the Republic Day parade... Heavy snowfall in Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh... Piegon during Annual Sports Meet at DAR Ground in Kalaburgi on Friday... Shree Sai Gold Palace M D T A Sharavan distributing Tirupathi laddu on the occasion of Vaikunta... Devotees during 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh Ji in Patna... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Apple starts shipping AirPods to customers Apple starts shipping AirPods to customers Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21. By: IANS | New York | Updated: December 18, 2016 5:32 pm Apple starts shipping airpods to customers. Apple customers, who pre-ordered the tech giant’s wireless earphones AirPods, have started receiving a pair of the product after the sales went live recently, a media report said. Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21, a report on AppleInsider said. Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016 and the product went up for sale on December 13. AirPods are priced at Rs 15,400 in India. According to the report, AirPods were regarded as a highly anticipated item and the initial supply was quickly depleted, pushing back shipment estimates to four weeks mere hours after release. Also Read: Apple AirPods shipments delayed, could launch only in January 2017: Reports Alongside pre-order shipments, AirPods are rumoured to land in Apple retail stores, as well as mobile carrier outlets and authorised Apple resellers by as early as next week. AirPods are automatically on and always connected. They can sense when they are in ears and pause when taken out. They are driven by the custom-designed Apple W1 chip for efficient wireless connection and improved sound. The W1 chip manages battery life which lets the product deliver five hours of listening time on a single charge. Also Read: Apple’s new AirPods are fancy, but buying them could be a risky business Just 15 minutes of charging can give three hours of listening time. To check the battery, user can hold the AirPods next to an iPhone or ask Siri “How’s the battery on my AirPods?” Tags: Airpods Apple Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News Odisha villagers punish teacher for ‘harassing’ student Gujarat: Fearing attacks, minor rape victim’s family flees village PIOs seek more time for demonetised currency exchange Girl ‘stalked, molested’ in Bengaluru Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition’s Budget delay demand                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's Water Resistant iPhone 7 caught the Hot European Trend that accounts for 45% of all Smartphone Sales | Main | Apple's EU Tax Appeal this Week will take a Combative Stance stating that they were a 'Convenient Target' » December 18, 2016 Apple's is Entering Indonesia in 2017, one of the Top Emerging Markets with a Massive Growing Middle Class   On Friday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple to Begin iPhone Sales in the Republic of Indonesia in 2017," wherein we noted that Samsung's 26% market share in Indonesia would be challenged by Apple next year. Then later on Friday a new report by IDC was published which indicated that Samsung's market share had actually climbed to 32% in Q3 with Oppo quickly gaining ground with 16.7% market share as noted below.   It's the Middle Class Stupid   In May of this year Patently Apple posted a report titled "As India's Middle Class Grows, Apple's Brand is Gaining Traction in a Country Swimming in Cheap Phones." I noted in the report that at present, the middle class in India is only about 22% - so there's a lot of growth in the middle class. It's the middle class that like to own brand names and so as their middle class grows, Apple will do better.   Days earlier Tim Cook told Jim Cramer in an interview that "the expansion of middle class occurring in China is unlike anything that has ever occurred in the history of the world, thus he remains optimistic in that region."   This is the key to Apple moving into any new market. If the middle class is on the rise, Apple will make the investment to enter that particular market.   So where is Indonesia's middle class within the top emerging markets? As noted below Indonesia ranks third behind China and India but ahead of the Philippines and Nigeria.     According to a major report published last year, Indonesia has the world's fourth largest middle class with 17.3 million households as of 2014, behind the USA at 25.3 million, India at 74 million, and China at 112 million. The report further forcasted that Indonesia's middle class would rapidly grow to 20 million by 2030.   At present, the current smartphone players in the top five chart are seemingly focused on the lower to mid-end of the market with prices in the $250-$300 and the $100-$200 tiers, none of which Apple participates in. Smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy J7 ($230), Oppo F1s ($235) and the ASUS Zenphone Selfie ($315 aprox) are the hot sellers. All three of these smartphones offer a 5.5" 1080p display at prices lower than Apple's entry 4" iPhone SE which starts at $400 with half the storage.    Whether Apple will sit and cherry pick the very high end of the market or decide to aim a little lower at the beginning when they enter these emerging markets to build good will and strengthen their brand is unknown at this time.   One thing to keep in mind is that the median income in the US is $31,000, $29,500 in Canada, with the UK at $21,000 and Russia at $11,000. By 2030 both India and Indonesia will have their median income climb to $11,300 up from $6,300 in 2014.   So even though Indonesia will have a huge middle class by 2030 that will be in that nice sweet spot for Apple's higher end models, Apple is entering this market next year and may need to deliver a smartphone that's a little more competitive than it is today to make their mark. Will Apple try to close the price and feature gap in their 2017 smartphone line-up? Only time will tell.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on December 18, 2016 at 01:18 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides CES 2017 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 MacBook Pro iOS 10.2 News This Chinese phone looks like a brilliantly curved iPhone 8 concept This Chinese phone looks like a brilliantly curved iPhone 8 concept By Matt Swider Mobile phones   Huawei's Honor Magic beats Apple to market by almost a year Shares We haven't seen any plausible iPhone 8 photo leaks just yet, but Apple's long-rumored curved design could end up looking like this brand new phone out of China. The Honor Magic is the latest Android smartphone from the Huawei brand, and its curved 5.09-inch screen helps it stand out even more than the shiny Honor 8. It's a real head-turner thanks to its noticeably curved AMOLED display on the right and left sides, reminiscent of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. To literally top it off, the top of the Honor Magic also appears to bend inward. This is a a lot like the distinct 2.5D glass on the LG G5. Honor's 'Magic' revealed There's a bit more to the Honor Magic than its 3D-glass good looks that are ripe for Apple's picking. We now have full specs and software details. It has the familiar Hisilicon Kirin 950 chipset, boasting an octacore processor, 4GB of RAM and 64GB or internal storage, according to the Honor website. We found all of these identical specs to be speedy enough in our Honor 8 review, but what's dramatically different are the onboard sensors. Honor Magic will automatically unlock when you look at the screen (face detect, seen it), but it'll also turn off when you look away.  Going one step further, its FaceCode detection will only display lockscreen notification details to pre-registered faces. No more potential awkwardness. Huawei promises more intelligent software features like this, and it also touts fast charging: 40% in just 10 minutes (great) and 70% in just 20 minutes (astounding) via its proprietary speed charging technology (meh). Ripe for Apple's picking? Honor Magic isn't coming to the US, UK and Australia, at least not yet. But we could see this smartphone design from the iPhone 8 for several reasons. Apple is said to be working on a curved iPhone for 2017, the 10th anniversary of its groundbreaking touchscreen handset. And it's ready for a fresh new look. What's more is that Apple has taken a liking to completely rounded off edges (see the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus) on its most recent smartphone designs, save for the boxy iPhone SE. Just don't expect that headphone jack – ever The the top, left and right curves on the Honor Magic demonstrate that exact look. It doesn't hurt that Huawei's software looks like iOS 10.2 re-imagined and the name uses a version Apple's absolute favorite work: "magical." There's no Honor Magic release date just yet for the West, but we'll keep you updated if that changes and, of course, give you the latest Apple's iPhone 8 news at the same time. How to download Super Mario Run right now Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR Matt Swider Matt Swider is TechRadar's gadget-savvy, globe-trotting mobile editor in Los Angeles. As an expert in iOS and Android, he owns over 120 phones that someone keeps setting the alarms on – simultaneously. He received his journalism degree from Penn State University and is never seen without his TechRadar headphones. Related news Nvidia's PC Gaming Revival Kit is a huge upgrade in a box Studio behind Pokemon Go says it’s not currently working on a wearable device The reported Samsung Galaxy S8 delay could be all about batteries Save $50 on an Xbox One all the way until December 24 See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Moto G4 is now even better thanks to Android Nougat update 2 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 The 10 best compact cameras in 2017 1 First look: Razer Project Valerie 2 Sony Bravia A1E review 3 Samsung's first gaming laptops are gorgeous and upgradable 4 HDMI 2.1 embraces the 8K HDR-filled future of television 5 iPhones could be getting a ‘theater mode’ so you can stay connected in the cinema TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus A check of the tech titan's online store suggests that supply of and demand for the iPhone 7 Plus are converging. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) quarterly earnings call back in October, CEO Tim Cook told investors that "worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus." Image source: Apple.  Later during the call, Cook further clarified that although he expected Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter, he wasn't confident that the company would be able to do so with the iPhone 7 Plus. Based on a recent check of Apple's online store, it looks as though Apple is close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. Want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black? After launch, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black was extremely difficult to get ahold of, which one analyst chalked up partly to low manufacturing yields on the glossy finish of the device. Three months later, though, if you'd like to buy one, Apple can have it delivered to your doorstep in a matter of 4-6 days: Image source: Apple.com. Similar delivery dates also apply to the iPhone 7 Plus models in other colors and capacities. Reading the tea leaves The delivery dates quoted above tell us that Apple close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. I wouldn't say that Apple is at supply-demand balance, though, as an iPhone 7 (non-Plus) ordered today, per the Apple online store, can be expected to arrive the next day (suggesting that Apple has reached supply-demand balance on the smaller iPhone models). However, it's hard to draw many specific conclusions from this information. After all, the supply-demand equation is a function of two inputs -- supply and demand. We know that demand has been greater than supply on the iPhone 7 Plus during the quarter, but we don't know how many Apple produced. If Apple produced more iPhone 7 Plus units this year than it did iPhone 6s Plus units last year, then Apple may have enjoyed a nice tailwind to iPhone average selling prices during the quarter -- potentially a positive for revenue. Even then, though, there are a couple of scenarios that Apple might be experiencing here. If iPhone 7 Plus demand has increased year over year, that demand might be a result of share gains within the premium large-screen device market. Alternatively, increased iPhone 7 Plus demand might simply be coming at the expense of the smaller iPhone 7. In that case, Apple should still benefit from a richer product mix (if users don't move down a tier in capacity to move up to the Plus), but the unit shipment story would be less poised to benefit. Apple might be better prepared next time Based on Cook's commentary, it looks like Apple was surprised by the relatively strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus this time around. The signal that consumers appear to be giving Apple is that they want innovative new features and they're willing to pay for them.  Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus includes a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting capabilities (optical zoom, depth of field) and it sells for $120 more than the iPhone 7. Previous iPhone Plus models carried just a $100 premium over their standard iPhone counterparts.   I expect that Apple's future initial premium iPhone build plans, as well as its feature/pricing strategies with respect to those future premium iPhone models, will incorporate the wealth of insights gleaned from this product cycle.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus A check of the tech titan's online store suggests that supply of and demand for the iPhone 7 Plus are converging. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) quarterly earnings call back in October, CEO Tim Cook told investors that "worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus." Image source: Apple.  Later during the call, Cook further clarified that although he expected Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter, he wasn't confident that the company would be able to do so with the iPhone 7 Plus. Based on a recent check of Apple's online store, it looks as though Apple is close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. Want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black? After launch, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black was extremely difficult to get ahold of, which one analyst chalked up partly to low manufacturing yields on the glossy finish of the device. Three months later, though, if you'd like to buy one, Apple can have it delivered to your doorstep in a matter of 4-6 days: Image source: Apple.com. Similar delivery dates also apply to the iPhone 7 Plus models in other colors and capacities. Reading the tea leaves The delivery dates quoted above tell us that Apple close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. I wouldn't say that Apple is at supply-demand balance, though, as an iPhone 7 (non-Plus) ordered today, per the Apple online store, can be expected to arrive the next day (suggesting that Apple has reached supply-demand balance on the smaller iPhone models). However, it's hard to draw many specific conclusions from this information. After all, the supply-demand equation is a function of two inputs -- supply and demand. We know that demand has been greater than supply on the iPhone 7 Plus during the quarter, but we don't know how many Apple produced. If Apple produced more iPhone 7 Plus units this year than it did iPhone 6s Plus units last year, then Apple may have enjoyed a nice tailwind to iPhone average selling prices during the quarter -- potentially a positive for revenue. Even then, though, there are a couple of scenarios that Apple might be experiencing here. If iPhone 7 Plus demand has increased year over year, that demand might be a result of share gains within the premium large-screen device market. Alternatively, increased iPhone 7 Plus demand might simply be coming at the expense of the smaller iPhone 7. In that case, Apple should still benefit from a richer product mix (if users don't move down a tier in capacity to move up to the Plus), but the unit shipment story would be less poised to benefit. Apple might be better prepared next time Based on Cook's commentary, it looks like Apple was surprised by the relatively strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus this time around. The signal that consumers appear to be giving Apple is that they want innovative new features and they're willing to pay for them.  Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus includes a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting capabilities (optical zoom, depth of field) and it sells for $120 more than the iPhone 7. Previous iPhone Plus models carried just a $100 premium over their standard iPhone counterparts.   I expect that Apple's future initial premium iPhone build plans, as well as its feature/pricing strategies with respect to those future premium iPhone models, will incorporate the wealth of insights gleaned from this product cycle.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus #stocks $AAPL
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Pokémon GO for Apple Watch is coming soon Pokémon GO for Apple Watch is coming soon Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, "Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned." By: Tech Desk | Updated: December 19, 2016 12:53 pm Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, “Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.” No, Apple is not scrapping the launch of Pokémon GO for Apple Watch. A rumour that claimed the rollout was cancelled due to low demand was spotted on Reddit and first picked up by 9to5 Mac. The site also quoted a source with knowledge of the plans, who confirmed Pokémon GO app for ‘Apple Watch has for now been shelved’. However, 9to5 Mac updated its report when Pokémon GO tweeted from its official handle confirming the rollout. Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, “Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.” However, the exact date is still unknown. In a separate report, Niantic gave out a statement to Tech Crunch confirming the image on Reddit is not real. The statement reads, “Thanks for checking with us! The image in that Reddit post is not real. Development on Pokémon GO continues, as it has since before the Apple announcement. We’ll have more news on the product soon.” Apple showed off Pokemon Go on Apple Watch back in September when it launched its iPhone 7 series. Pokemon GO app allows Apple Watch users to play the game right on the watch. Apple Watch will also show you walking distance and time duration and calories burnt apart from pokémon nearby. Tap on screen near a pokéstop and you get details and swipe in the watch itself to win rewards. You can see the hatch of pokémon in the watch. Check out the tweet here: Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 The game is now available in India, nearly five months after its official launch, thanks to a new Reliance Jio and Niantic partnership. The extremely popular Augmented Reality game was launched on July 7 and became available in hundreds of countries across the globe. Pokémon GO has over 500 million downloads globally. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Pokemon GO Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News Odisha villagers punish teacher for ‘harassing’ student Gujarat: Fearing attacks, minor rape victim’s family flees village PIOs seek more time for demonetised currency exchange Girl ‘stalked, molested’ in Bengaluru Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition’s Budget delay demand                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture Apple's not very good, really quite poor 2016 Apple's not very good, really quite poor 2016 Commentary: It's not so much about the profits. It's more about how much, or how little, Apple has thought about its customers. Tech Culture by Chris Matyszczyk December 18, 2016 1:00 PM PST @ChrisMatyszczyk Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. Enlarge Image A lot to think about?Photo by Stephen Lam, Getty Images As they drift off for their one- or two-day vacations shortly, will Apple's senior executives be patting themselves on the back? Or will they be slapping themselves on the forehead? Apple's 2016 was garlanded with the usual hype, but not somehow with the usual excitement. Perhaps you're excited by profits. Most real people, however, simply want to witness, feel and enjoy something that, to them, feels both new and exciting. In this, Apple was quite woeful. It began with an iPhone SE and a smaller iPad Pro. Utilitarian? For sure. Exciting? Perhaps not. In March, respected Apple commentator Walt Massberg mused -- or perhaps pleaded: "The iPhone 7 had better be spectacular." A peek at the iPhone's potential under-glass fingerprint scanner tech The AirPods are available for preorder. Don't lose them. A full-glass screen iPhone is closer than you think and the Apple TV gets a Tinder app. We're already swiping left. by Brian Tong 5:16 Close Drag The iPhone 7 turned out to be as spectacular as Hillary Clinton's campaign, but a little more waterproof. The headphone jack was gone and some very strange-looking AirPod headphones were promised and then not delivered until very late. When you looked at Apple's Phil Schiller insisting that removing the headphone jack represented "courage," you thought that the only courage here involved offering that sort of twisted sell. In 2016, Apple was all about the business and not so much about the customer. Odd, for a company that was built on its human instincts and whose products were always intuitively simple to enjoy. Suddenly, it created a sense of wide-eyed disappointment, coupled with an enthusiasm for nickel-and-diming matched only by airlines and rental car companies. You now need dongle upon dongle to connect things to your new MacBook Pro. If you lose just one AirPod -- which is about as likely as you shed at least one strand of hair when your combing, it's $69, thank you very much. And here's how another respected, longtime Apple commentator and former Apple executive Jean-Louis Gassée described the MacBook Pro launch: "Perplexing." This is French for "Have these people lost the plot?" In essence, Apple didn't bother to communicate what possible difficulties a new product might make for the customer and allowed real people to see the product, work out its shortcomings and think anything from "dull" to "why?" to "what's the point of that?" Even the battery life indicator on the new Pro seemed amateurish and was removed. Apple then compounded the irritation by releasing an ad that claimed the MacBook Pro was somehow at the pinnacle of great ideas. Perplexing. With moves and movies such as these, Apple invites criticism because it has historically been very clever about how it launches and presents products. This year, you almost got the sense that Cupertino would have preferred to downplay some of its events, as it knew it really didn't have that much with which to excite people. You can blame a slowdown in technological development generally. You can couch it, as fans of sports teams sometimes do, as a transition year. We're going to lose a few games, but you should see our draft picks. More Technically Incorrect Elon Musk vows to start company that digs tunnels under traffic Watch a politician's musical tie interrupt his speech Trump tweets anger at China, creates new word Indeed, my colleague Shara Tibken persuasively explained that there might be a lot to look forward to from Apple in the coming year. At heart, though, the natives are restless and, perhaps unreasonably, expect far more. All this while Apple is involved in all sorts of political issues and is a company with far more tentacles than it used to have. I'm typing this on my MacBook Air. My iPhone 6 is charging next to it. The thought crosses my mind: "Why haven't I upgraded these things?" And the sad truth is that nothing new feels like much of an upgrade at all. Sometimes, when you're at your richest, you become your poorest and your dullest. Perhaps Apple should be grateful that Microsoft came up with arguably the most exciting piece of hardware this year, the Surface Studio. And what would have happened if Samsung's lovely Galaxy Note 7 had taken off, rather than exploding every time it did take off? Apple might have always had business competition -- big concerns like Microsoft that had a juggernaut quality. Not so often has it had competition for hearts. Is Cupertino up to the challenge? 2017 will offer a clue. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Technically Incorrect Apple Tech Culture Tech Industry Mobile Related Stories Nick Offerman: Ron Swanson would hate CES (Q&A) Watch how 'Rogue One' brought back young Princess Leia, Tarkin Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras Trump tweet-scoffs at Schwarzenegger's 'Apprentice' ratings Close   Discuss: Apple's not very good, really quite poor... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Computerworld New Zealand Apple's macOS file encryption easily bypassed without the latest fixes News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Apple's macOS file encryption easily bypassed without the latest fixes Custom-made Thunderbolt devices can be used to extract the encryption password from locked Macs Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 17 December, 2016 02:21 - - - - print email Comments Without the macOS update released this week, Apple's disk encryption can be easily defeated by connecting a specially crafted device to a locked Macbook. The attack is possible because devices connected over Thunderbolt can access the computer's RAM directly before the OS is started through the direct memory access (DMA) feature. The DMA mechanism is typically used by disk drive controllers, graphics cards, network cards, and sound cards because accessing the memory through the CPU would otherwise keep the processor busy and unavailable for other tasks. Apple's macOS has DMA protections, but they only kick in when the OS is running. However, the EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface) -- the modern BIOS -- initializes Thunderbolt devices at an early stage in the boot process and this enables them to use DMA before the OS is started, security researcher Ulf Frisk said in a blog post. The second problem is that the password for Apple's FileVault 2 disk encryption is stored in memory in plain text if the disk has been unlocked once. This means that when a Mac has its screen locked or returns from a sleep state, the password will still be in memory. Furthermore, the password doesn't get scrubbed from memory on reboot and is only shifted around to a different location within a fixed memory range, according to Frisk. The only time the password is removed from memory is when the Mac is shut down because that's when RAM contents are completely cleared. The researcher created a hardware device running his custom software that he dubbed PCILeech. The device is capable of extracting FileVault passwords via DMA. "This makes it easy to just plug in the DMA attack hardware and reboot the Mac," Frisk said. "Once the Mac is rebooted the DMA protections that macOS previously enabled are dropped. The memory contents, including the password, is still there, though. There is a time window of a few seconds before the memory containing the password is overwritten with new content." Frisk presented DMA-based attacks against the Linux, Windows, and OS X kernel at the DEF CON security conference in August, but he discovered the implications for Apple's disk encryption after his presentation. He kept his findings secret until now at Apple's request. The researcher confirmed that the macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update released this week fixes the security issue, at least on his MacBook Air. "The solution Apple decided upon and rolled out is a complete one," Frisk said. "At least to the extent that I have been able to confirm. It is no longer possible to access memory prior to macOS boot. The mac is now one of the most secure platforms with regards to this specific attack vector." Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleDMALinuxSierra Editor's Recommendations Taxpayers Union says Motu study shows UFB a waste of money New Zealand to chair digital nation group and host leaders’ summit Nokia upgrades Spark’s fibre network to 200Gbps per wavelength Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross NZ Post opts for Unit4 ERP to aid digital transformation Microsoft backs computer education for schools with $343k grant Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next 8K matures at CES, but your PC may not be ready Department of Labor sues Google over wage data Dell will ship first the 32-inch 8K display, the UltraSharp 32 Ultra ... In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... The Honda NeuV concept car is a glimpse into the company's future Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
News Trailers Reviews Upcoming Heroes Culture Games TV   Games Pokemon Go Is Still Coming To Another Mobile Device By William Usher 2 weeks ago Conflicting reports sent fans of Pokemon Go into a panic over whether or not the mobile app would be coming to a much requested smart device. After an initial report launched saying that it wouldn't, another ray of hope was provided when claims were made that Pokemon Go was coming to another mobile device. Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.— Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 According to an article from IGN, they're reporting that Niantic Labs themselves have confirmed that Pokemon Go is coming soon to the Apple Watch. The news was posted up on the official Pokemon Go Twitter account. This news follows up on a report that was initially made by another website that claimed that Pokemon Go was canceled for the Apple Watch. News quickly spread that the watch version of the game wouldn't be launching on Apple's device, many suspecting that it had to do with Nintendo selling the Pokemon Go Plus wrist accessory, which allows people to spot and capture Pokemon using it as a tracker of sorts. The rumors was that Nintendo would lose potential market valuation on Pokemon Go's wrist accessory if they launched the app on the Apple Watch. Apparently, Apple Watch would perform the same task as the Pokemon Go Plus, and therefore the latter device would be rendered useless since gamers could just track and capture Pokemon without having to make use of the Pokemon Go Plus. However, Niantic Labs tweeting through the Twitter account that Pokemon Go was still on target to land on the Apple Watch seems to poke holes in the theory that they had no plans on putting the app on the device. According to IGN, the developers had originally mentioned back in September that they would port the game to the smart watch, but nothing really came out of that announcement over the last several months. Niantic took a vow of silence regarding any news about Pokemon Go and the Apple Watch release... until now. The news about the app coming "soon" to Apple's device ties in with the recent release of Super Mario Run on Apple's smart devices. Nintendo launched the exclusive app on iPhones, iPads and iPods as a way to reach a broader market. Perhaps it was after seeing the strong revenue from the app that Nintendo nudged Niantic to return to putting some focus on getting the game up and out for the Apple Watch. Pokemon Go has been a blockbuster hit ever since it released earlier this year during the summer. The game managed to make more than $500 million in record time for a new app on mobile devices, and Niantic recently made it known that the second generation of Pokemon have started to trickle out for the app, and data miners have indicated that the second generation pocket monsters number around 100. So if they manage to put the game on the Apple Watch while introducing even more Pokemon, they could see an even bigger surge. Of course, this all depends on how "soon" the game will actually come to the Apple Watch. Leave a Comment Subscribe To Topics You're Interested In close Subscribe To Topics You're Interested In I've already subscribed Blended From Around The Web Comments Facebook Back to top Related The One Place That Might Not See Breath Of The Wild Launch With The Nintendo Switch Two Video Games That Are Massively Popular Porn Search Terms Nintendo Trademark Filing Keeps Hope Alive For The Return Of A Cult Classic Mass Effect: Andromeda Probably Isn't Coming To The Nintendo Switch Top Games The Last Of Us 2 Pokemon Go Plus Final Fantasy XV Attack on Titan Ratchet and Clank Reboot The Legend of Zelda Halo 5 Hot Topics David Ayer Reveals The DC Villains Who’ll Join Harley Quinn In Gotham City Sirens The Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Is Here, And It's Tremendous What Hugh Jackman Sacrificed In Order To Ensure Logan's R-Rating Rogue One Star Riz Ahmed Defends The Star Wars Prequels, And He Might Be Right 9 Female Directors Star Wars Needs To Consider Top Movies 2017 Movie Release Schedule Power Rangers The Avengers: Infinity War Spider-Man: Homecoming Shazam Movie Ready Player One Wonder Woman Follow Us 476K 2.4M 47K About Us FAQ Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Gateway Media News & Entertainment Gateway Media ©copyright 2017
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations BREAKING NEWS Disney cancels half marathon, Saturday kids races The Artistic Type Curtain up! Matthew J. Palm covers the Central Florida arts scene Entertainment Theater & Arts The Artistic Type | Arts & Theater 'Out of the Apple Orchard' makes Orlando debut this week Caption 'Blair Witch' family savors Enzian film festival legacy 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. Caption 'Blair Witch' family savors Enzian film festival legacy 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. Caption 'An American in Paris' cast talk about critically acclaimed show - Orlando News Now “An American in Paris” cast members talk about the Tony-winning Broadway show. Orlando Sentinel theater critic Matthew Palm says, “‘An American in Paris’ is a joyous, beautifully presented celebration of visual art, music and dance. Oh, and love. Don't forget love.” The show is playing at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts through Sunday. “An American in Paris” cast members talk about the Tony-winning Broadway show. Orlando Sentinel theater critic Matthew Palm says, “‘An American in Paris’ is a joyous, beautifully presented celebration of visual art, music and dance. Oh, and love. Don't forget love.” The show is playing at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts through Sunday. Caption Free performance Sunday of Handel's Messiah at Bob Carr Theater - Orlando News Now Elaine Pancake, Messiah Choral Society president, discusses the 44th annual free performance of Handel’s “Messiah” at 3 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 27, at Bob Carr Theater. The Society continues their support of the Second Harvest Food Bank by requesting concert attendees bring donations of nonperishable food items to the performance.   Elaine Pancake, Messiah Choral Society president, discusses the 44th annual free performance of Handel’s “Messiah” at 3 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 27, at Bob Carr Theater. The Society continues their support of the Second Harvest Food Bank by requesting concert attendees bring donations of nonperishable food items to the performance.   Caption Veterans take to the stage to share real experiences Local veterans are perfoming in a free show based on their real military experience. The show is part of the nationwide Telling Project and takes place the weekend of October 1, 2016. Local veterans are perfoming in a free show based on their real military experience. The show is part of the nationwide Telling Project and takes place the weekend of October 1, 2016. Caption Festival of Trees dedicates display to Pulse victims The 2016 Festival of Trees at the Orlando Museum of Art features many festive displays including a Lake Eola swan tree dedicated to the Pulse victims. The 2016 Festival of Trees at the Orlando Museum of Art features many festive displays including a Lake Eola swan tree dedicated to the Pulse victims. Matthew J. PalmContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Arts Writer "Out of the Apple Orchard," a play of compassion and new beginnings, makes its Orlando debut "Out of the Apple Orchard," a new play based on the 2005 book of the same name, makes its Orlando premiere Monday, Dec. 19. Inspired by Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol," "Out of the Apple Orchard" is a story of forgiveness, hunger, healing and new beginnings. It follows a Jewish immigrant family that in 1910 moves from the New York City to a hamlet in the Catskills, where 12-year-old Adam steals apples from a nearby farmer. Kenny Howard directs the Orlando production, which stars Jeremy Kleckner, Sara Jones, Tommy Wooten, Doug Bowser, Jessica Hoehn, Ron Miles, Karen Ann, Coletyn Hentz, Josh Lefkowitz, Bayley Steinwher, Maggie Connor, Hendrix Varney and Jose Navarro. Yvonne David wrote the book, which was adapted for the stage by playwright Ellen W. Kaplan. It's fiscally sponsored by Fractured Atlas, a New York-based nonprofit technology company. The show will be presented at 7:30 p.m. Monday-Thursday, Dec. 19-22, with a Wednesday matinee at 2 p.m. Dec. 21. It's being staged at Orlando Repertory Theatre, 1001 E. Princeton St., Orlando. Opening-night tickets are $30 for adults, $20 for children and include a raffle and talkback with the cast. Net proceeds from opening night benefit Jewish Family Services and the St. Vincent de Paul Society, which aid those in need. For the other performances, tickets are $20 for adults, $18 for students and seniors, $14 for children. Call 407-437-4909 or go to AppleTreeSeries.com or www.artful.ly/out-of-the-apple-orchard. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel 'Out of the Apple Orchard' All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 72°
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 18, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 AirPods begin arriving to customers & hitting retail stores around the world [Gallery] Chance Miller - Dec. 18th 2016 3:37 pm PT @ChanceHMiller AirPods View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Image via @nic_morris It’s currently Monday morning in Australia and New Zealand, and that means Apple’s completely wireless AirPods are now arriving to customers and retail stores. AirPods first went on-sale via Apple’s online store last week, but shipping times began to slip quickly. Those who got their order in early enough, however, are now receiving their shipment… According to a variety of posts on Twitter and Instagram, early buyers in Australia and New Zealand have started receiving their AirPods. December 19th was the earliest arrival date for the product and it was primarily allocated to international customers, such as those in Australia and Zealand. Additionally, customers who missed the brief online availability of AirPods have reported being able to walk into Apple Stores in Australia and New Zealand and purchase a pair. Apple stated last week that stores would start receiving “regular shipments” of AirPods beginning this week, and now we know that the Monday date that was rumored is legitimate. One user on Twitter reported that there were about 15 people waiting outside of an Apple Store in Brisbane. Notably, Apple apparently wasn’t prepared for a line and thus didn’t setup its normal line dividers like it does for iPhone launches. Another user reported that an Apple Store in Sydney had about 50 pairs of AirPods on shelves at opening, with more pairs in the back and about 6 demo pairs. “Demand was high, people ran inside,” he wrote. Early users in Australia and New Zealand are praising the pairing process between AirPods and their iPhone, while others report that sound quality is better than they expected. Personally, I plan to get to my local Apple Store ahead of its opening tomorrow and wait for AirPods. I unfortunately missed my chance to order online with a decent arrival date, but hopefully my luck improves tomorrow… Have you gotten your hands on AirPods yet? From a retail store? Let us know down in the comments. And here they are. About 50 pairs on shelves, more in the back and 6 demo pairs. Demand was high, people ran in store. Me included. pic.twitter.com/qg2c1gAqfX — Nic Morris (@nic_morris) December 18, 2016 @zcorrigan no one is forming a line. Which annoys me. About 15 people — Jeff Hawthorne (@Juiceboy_Jeff) December 18, 2016 Just got my Airpods. A+. Auto-pause when taking them out is totally magic. — hcotunes (@hcotunes) December 18, 2016 Unboxing/first impressions coming soon!! #airpods #apple #appsolutelytech #entrepreneur #ateamlv A photo posted by Adonis Lewis (@imadonisxavier) on Dec 18, 2016 at 3:04pm PST My AirPods arrived! — Mike Rogers @ 🇳🇿 (@MikeRogers0) December 18, 2016 #AirPods took no time at all to setup and great audio quality #apple pic.twitter.com/ngutZf6MDB — Richard Pascoe (@Adelaidetechguy) December 18, 2016 Just picked up my #airpods #apple A photo posted by Richard Pascoe (@adelaidetechguy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:30pm PST Hard to take a decent photo of the side of your head #airpods #apple A photo posted by Richard Pascoe (@adelaidetechguy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:53pm PST the future is ear (…already lost the other one though) #airpods A photo posted by aron (@ronnnu) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:47pm PST Got my #airpods in #sydney #australia #apple #new #firstday #techie A photo posted by itsmrmartinez (@itsmrmartinez) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:17pm PST Guides Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Advice From Wall Street’s Go-To Tax Man Robert Willens, an expert on the U.S. tax code, discusses how to position yourself for the Trump tax plan. By Andrew Bary Biography December 17, 2016 Robert Willens is one of Wall Street’s leading tax and financial-accounting experts. When hedge funds and other investors want advice on whether companies such as Yahoo! and Liberty Media can use the complex tax code for potentially value-creating transactions, they often seek his input. Willens, 70, has been offering his brand of advice for almost 30 years, first as a tax and accounting analyst at Lehman Brothers from 1987 to 2007, and since early 2008 at his own firm, Robert Willens LLC. A Columbia Business School professor for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Briefs SCMP Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Sat, January 7, 2017 | 10:25    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Money> Business> Posted : 2016-12-18 18:32 Updated : 2016-12-18 18:56 Apple setting up first official store in Korea By Yoon Sung-won Apple has started construction of its first official Korean store in Seoul, according to the industry sources Sunday. As the first Apple Store in Korea is likely to open next year, anticipation is high that it will lead to an improvement in Apple's after-sales services which have long disappointed customers here. According to industry sources, Apple leased some 550 square meters of land in Garosu-gil in Sinsa-dong, southern Seoul, for 4.8 billion won on March 1 for the next 20 years. Later on Oct. 21, Apple completed the design for the new building and started construction. The building is currently in the framework construction stage and is expected to be completed by November next year, sources said. Though Apple Korea did not confirm details of the building under construction, rumors are that it will be a three-story building covered with a glass exterior. Apple is working with French construction firm D.P.J. & Partners, Korean builder EAN R&C and British architecture studio Foster + Partners for its first official store, according to the sources. D.P.J. & Partners previously teamed up with EAN R&C to build the embassy building of Oman in central Seoul while Foster + Partners designed the new building of Apple headquarters. Though Apple has been estimated to generate over $2.6 billion in sales here, it did not have an official Apple Store in Korea. Instead, the U.S. enterprise has distributed its products through authorized resellers such as Frisbee. Another expectation is that Apple may release new mobile devices earlier in Korea than before. For iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones, the company rolled out the new handsets in Japan, where it is running eight Apple Stores, on Sept. 16 as the first launching destination. On the other hand, it released the new handsets in Korea at the end of October as the fifth destination. yoonsw@ktimes.com   Psy collaborates with Rain 2NE1 to release final single Veteran divas make a return K-pop group Twice to sue internet trol... Festival offers glimpse into Vietnames... Seoul Olympics' lesson for PyeongChang 1. S. Korea set to introduce self-driving public bus this year 2. US likely to designate S. Korea as currency manipulator along with China 3. N. Korea leader makes his first inspection in new year 1. ONCE AGAIN, Hanwha Group chairman's son caught for drunken rampage; faces arrest 2. Learn Korean free online 3. K-pop group Twice to sue internet trolls 4. Netflix to make its first Korean original series 'Love Alarm' 5. [VIDEO] Hammer-wielding road-rage driver arrested 6. Foreign employees must file year-end tax settlement 7. China admits to retaliation against THAAD deployment 8. Study links sleeping hours to Alzheimer's disease 9. GM Korea employee found dead in apparent suicide amid corruption scandal 10. Save the hanok | Acting president and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, right, talks with... Hyundai Motor’s Ioniq sedan drives autonomously near a convent... Kim Bok-dong, left, a victim of Japanese wartime sexual slavery, loo... The Hongcheon River in Gangwon Province, the main venue of an ice-fi... DHL Express Korea country manager Han Byung-koo, right, poses with S... Kia “Ballkids” pose at the Incheon International Airport... St. Louis Cardinals’ pitcher Oh Seung-hwan smiles during ... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes    
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Las Vegas Sun January 6, 2017 Currently: 44° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Football Newsletter signup 0 Comments 5-MINUTE EXPERT: Here’s to many happy gift returns this holiday season By Sun Staff (contact) Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016 | 2 a.m. Americans are anticipated to spend more than $655 billion this holiday shopping season. But almost a third of merchandise is expected to be returned. Odds are, most of us will give or get at least one dud in our stocking. So where you shop and those retailers’ return policies matter. And they differ widely. Some stores offer stellar return and exchange policies that allow items to be brought back at any time, even used or years later, with or without a receipt. Other retailers limit returns to only a handful of days or weeks, require proof of purchase and dock refunds with restocking fees. Apple Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Only items that have been purchased directly from Apple can be returned. Items must be repackaged with all the cords, adapters and documents originally included. Apple also charges a 10 percent restocking fee on open items. Barnes & Noble Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Refunds are issued in the original form of payment. Best Buy Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: The store will deduct from your refund if you don’t have all of the original packaging or accessories. Items purchased in November and December can be returned through Jan. 15. Kmart Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Beds and furniture must be returned within seven days. Items purchased from Nov. 1-Dec. 24 can be returned through Jan. 31. Customers making a return with a gift receipt receive only store credit. Sears Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: 15 percent restocking fee for some items, deducted from the refund. Will not accept returns of Christmas season items after Dec. 25. Items purchased Nov. 1-Dec. 24 can be returned through Jan. 31. Game Stop Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Pre-owned items can be returned for a refund within seven days or for an identical exchange within 30 days. Wal-Mart Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Pre-paid phones, computers and electronics must be returned within 15 days. Extended holiday returns offered for items purchased Nov. 1-Dec. 24. Items with a 15-day return must be returned by Jan. 10; items with a 30-day return by Jan. 25. Home Depot Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Store credit given for items returned after 90 days, regardless of payment type. Items purchased with certain Home Depot credit cards and accounts can be returned for up to one year. Target Receipt needed? Unclear. Target states that “returns and exchanges without a receipt may be limited.” Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Target house-brand (Archer Farms, Circo, Cherokee, C9 by Champion, Durabuilt, Liz Lange, Mossimo, Xhilaration) items can be returned for up to a year. REI Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Items can be used, but damage from normal wear and tear, improper use or accidents are not covered. Manufacturing defects are. An REI membership links purchases to a shopper, so orders can be looked up and returned without a receipt. Zappos Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Shipping is free. You can print shipping labels from the Zappos website, or the company will email or snail mail them to you. * Zappos’ return policy allows shoppers to order several items, try them on, then ship back any that don’t work. JCPenney Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Furniture and appliances must be returned within 30 days. Fine jewelry and electronics must be returned within 60 days. JCPenney charges a $75 restocking fee for recliners, dining chairs and ottomans; a $125 restocking fee for furniture and mattresses; and a 15 percent restocking fee for appliances. Costco Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Electronics must be returned within 90 days. Costco requires a membership to shop and accepts returns only at stores, not by mail. Employees arrange pickup for large or heavy items. Macy's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Items returned with a gift receipt are eligible only for store credit. Bed, Bath & Beyond Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Baby and maternity items, such as breast pumps and infant clothing, require tags and original packaging. Bed, Bath & Beyond accepts returns in store and by mail, and even covers the cost of return shipping. Kohl's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Premium electronics must be returned within 30 days. The holiday return policy allows premium electronics bought Nov. 1-Dec. 25 to be returned by Jan. 31 with original packaging and a receipt or account look-up. Nordstrom's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No. Special occasion dresses must have original tags. Exceptions and things to know: Nordstrom has no official return policy. It “handle(s) returns on a case-by-case basis with the ultimate objective of satisfying the customer,” according to the Nordstrom website. Bath & Body Works Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Items can be returned even if used. If a customer without a receipt wants to exchange an item for a similar product, Bath & Body Works will return the unwanted item for the lowest price on the register, then price override the desired item to match the lowest selling price of the item returned. * The store promotes a “no sale is ever final” policy. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Power outage finally over at the Rio, officials say T-Mobile says unlimited plans will be only option At CES, security experts warn of lurking threats from smart devices December condo sales shine in Las Vegas housing market Police seek 2 suspects in North Las Vegas armed robbery Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Featured Galleries Uber and Maverick for CES CES 2017 Opening Day UNLV falls to Boise State More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 6 Fri 7 Sat 8 Sun 9 Mon 10 Tue Skate Photography Workshop Leica Store Las Vegas at The Forum Shops, Caesars Palace, 3570 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV | 2 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. First Friday at Obsidian Fine Art The Arts Factory | 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. Star Wars Group Art Show The Bubblegum Gallery at Downtown Spaces, 1800 S. Industrial Road #207D, Las Vegas, NV 89102 | 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. All events on Friday » CES 2017 Las Vegas Convention Center Alesso XS Chuckie Intrigue All events on Saturday » Gritty Girls Weekend Lorenzi Park & GRACEDBYGRIT store at Tivoli Village, 3350 S. Rampart Blvd. #170 Cameo Westgate Las Vegas & Casino Last Supper at DB Brasserie db Brasserie at Venetian, 3355 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV | 5 p.m. to 11 p.m. All events on Sunday » Promotional Products Association International - PPAI Expo 2017 Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon All events on Monday » Party at the Park The Park, 3784 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV 89109 Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar Zumba Fitness Windmill Library All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices How the hot startup that stole Apple's thunder wound up in Silicon Valley's graveyard Tech Insider Steve Kovach 12/18/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Provided by Business Insider Inc Eric Migicovsky For a moment, it looked like the story would have a happy ending. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 117.91 +1.30 +1.11% Intel Corp INTC ▲ 36.48 +0.13 +0.36% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% Quanta Computer Inc S/GDR QUCCF = 8.91 0.00 0.00% As struggling smartwatch maker Pebble discussed selling itself to Fitbit, a larger competitor in the wearable technology market, the chatter among the Pebble team was that they would continue working on their product under the wing of a new, more stable corporate parent. Fitbit’s co-founder James Park even visited Pebble’s offices and, following a brief introduction from Pebble CEO Eric Migicovsky, talked reassuringly about how excited he was to welcome Pebble into the Fitbit family. But within a month it became apparent that Fitbit’s $40 million acquisition wasn’t a lifeline for Pebble, it was a fire sale. Choice assets and employees were cherry picked, the rest discarded. Most employees out of Pebble's staff of about 100 were laid off, their stock suddenly worthless. It was a sad ending for a company once seen as a brilliant example of Silicon Valley chutzpah, a scrappy startup that had forced tech giants like Apple, Samsung, and Google to play catch-up. But it also capped a tumultuous year of poor sales, supplier problems, failed acquisition talks, and a general lack of consumer interest in smartwatches, according to several sources that Business Insider spoke to.  And at a time when Silicon Valley is racing towards the next big thing, from artificial intelligence to self-driving cars, the demise of Pebble is a stark reminder that even the most promising and buzzed about innovations don’t always survive the harsh realities of the marketplace. "By the time we got into late spring and june of this year, I was like, OK, it does not look good," one Pebbler insider said. "I didn't think we were going to make it to 2017. It was dragged out forever." Early success According to the sources Business Insider spoke to, the signs of trouble for Pebble began to appear early on, though they were often ignored among the excitement of a nascent smartwatch business that many believed would be as big as smartphones. Pebble burst on to the scene in 2012 after launching what was then the most successful Kickstarter campaign in history, raising $10.2 million to fund the production of the first smartwatch. Pebble proved there was interest in the wrist-worn gadgets, well before Apple introduced the Apple Watch and other big tech companies followed suit. The first Pebble launched in early 2013 to positive reviews. Although it appealed mainly to techies, the product was a solid first attempt at a modern smartwatch. The watch could display notifications like incoming texts and calendar alerts and run a bunch of apps ranging from ESPN to Evenote. Pebble continued to launch new products, including the Pebble Time, the first device with Pebble’s new take on a smartwatch operating system.© Provided by Business Insider Inc pebble 2 timeline os But things started getting hairy in 2015 when Apple, the world's largest technology company, released its long-awaited smartwatch.  Migicovsky was unfazed by the new competition, telling Business Insider shortly after the Apple Watch was announced that he wasn't worried Apple might cut into his sales. "I think it will drive a lot more interest and a lot more volume at Pebble."  The Apple Watch did initially boost interest in Pebble, as consumers viewed Pebble's product as a cheaper, more capable alternative. But sales eventually began to shrink, sources say. Apple's brand was so strong, recalls one insider, that it sucked up all the oxygen.  And Apple's decades of product-building experience gave it another big advantage. Sources familiar with Pebble's supply chain said the company had difficulty paying suppliers building the products in Taiwan throughout 2015, especially payments related to production of the Pebble Time Round. In some cases, these suppliers would call for payments on outstanding purchase orders and get no response from Pebble. Some of those outstanding orders still remained unpaid by the time Fitbit entered acquisition talks with Pebble. Some people close to the company also blamed Pebble's supply chain team for playing favorites, attempting to move a lot of production from Taiwan-based Quanta Computer to Compal Electronics. Pebble continued to raise money through Kickstarter, sales of current products, and other private sources. But it wasn't enough to fund the production of new products.   The expected wave of consumer demand for smartwatches never materialized; even Apple appeared to be having trouble convincing the world that a smartwatch — like the iPhone — was another must-have gadget. The market was not as big as everyone had hoped, and the market was getting crowded. Layoffs and deal talks When Pebble's head of sales sent an email to his team after the Black Friday/Cyber Monday holiday shopping weekend in 2015, there was no more ignoring the magnitude of the problem. Sales during the biggest shopping weekend of the year were down from the year before. If things didn't improve, the email warned ominously, adjustments would have to be made.  © Provided by Business Insider Inc Tim Cook Pebble's business never fully rebounded, and internal discussions began after the holiday shopping season about what changes needed to happen so that the company could survive. In March of 2016, Pebble laid off 25% of its staff, as Business Insider first reported. Pebble began searching for more outside investment or a possible buyer. One insider said they were asked to compile internal data about sales, which fueled speculation Pebble was trying to sell itself. By May of 2016, Migicosvky admitted to the staff that the company was trying to sell, but that a deal had recently fallen through. That deal turned out to be from chipmaker Intel, which wanted to buy Pebble for about $70 million. It's not clear why the deal fizzled, although it was Intel that ultimately walked away, not Pebble. (The Pebble side wanted the deal to happen.) One source close to Migicovsky said they were told that Intel's offer was initially higher than $70 million, but was lowered after due diligence. "Something rubbed him the wrong way and he was uncomfortable," the source close to Migicovsky said regarding the failed Intel deal. A high-profile collaboration with Japanese watchmaker Citizen also proved disappointing.  Pebble had hoped to learn from Citizen's expertise building and designing traditional watches. But throughout the development of the Time Round — a version of the Pebble watch with a circular screen that the two companies collaborated on — the Pebble team felt that Citizen lacked the technical chops in software and hardware development to be of much use, according to sources. Plus, Citizen typically took a lot longer to develop and launch products, often a year or more, which didn’t jibe with Pebble’s desire to push out new products faster. In the end, Pebble thought Citizen's designs were too thick and chunky and ultimately went with a design from internal Pebble employees. Pebble did pay Citizen about $50,000 for its work, according to one source with direct knowledge of the deal. Citizen did not respond to a request for comment. While TechCrunch reported that Citizen considered acquiring Pebble for roughly $740 million in 2015, no deal ever happened. One source directly familiar with Pebble's acquisition talks said Citizen never discussed buying Pebble, and accused someone of spreading a false rumor to TechCrunch. © Provided by Business Insider Inc pebble time round Facing the music Following the failed acquisition talks and the round of layoffs, Migicovsky leveled with his remaining employees late this spring. If they wanted to stay and see Pebble through to the end, their shares in the company would be doubled. If they wanted to cut their losses and leave, they would receive a severance package. While some took the buyout offer, most Pebble employees stuck with the company, hoping new products like the Pebble Time 2 watch and Pebble Core, a tiny device that lets you listen to Spotify music offline, would reinvigorate sales. In fact, Pebble Time 2 and Pebble Core were on track for their launch at the beginning of 2017. As recently as a week before discussions with Fitbit began, Pebble employees were visiting their manufacturing partners in Asia and finalizing production plans for the new devices, sources say. In a  recent  interview with  Steven Levy of Backchannel , Migicovsky said  he he spent the summer months scrambling across the globe, trying unsuccessfully to raise money from private equity funds and other private investing groups.  Pebble was out of time and out of money. In October, at least one bank that gave  money to Pebble called in its loan, unconvinced Pebble would be able to raise more funding or sell enough product to solve its cash flow issues and debt to suppliers. Keep your resumes Once Migicovsky decided to sell the company, sources close to him say that his main goal was to find a buyer that would honor the consumers on Kickstarter who backed the Pebble Time 2 or Core — either by refunding their money or building the product.  Craig Barritt/Getty Images for AOL Inc. Fitbit turned out to be the only suitable buyer willing to do that. While the Time 2 and Core products have been canceled, Kickstarter backers will at least get their money back. Other aspects of the Fitbit deal have not unfolded as expected, however. The original deal discussions had Fitbit, which makes wearable products focused on health and fitness, acquiring all or most of Pebble, including the staff, several sources told Business Insider. But something changed as the deal was negotiated and Fitbit ended up buying only the software technology that runs Pebble's products and hiring certain employees.  One source speculated that Fitbit was worried about its stock price after delivering a disappointing sales forecast for the fourth quarter, which caused its stock to tank about 30%. Taking on all of Pebble could’ve looked extra risky to Fitbit investors. A Fitbit spokesperson declined to comment. On the day Fitbit’s team came to visit Pebble’s office about a month before the acquisition closed, many Pebble employees had concerns about what would happen to upcoming products. One source said Fitbit largely dodged those questions and that their true intentions didn’t come to light until they began interviewing Pebble employees. During the interviews, Fitbit quizzed Pebble employees on their roles at the company, but in the end Pebble employees learned there was no interest in the hardware team. Fitbit didn't even ask for resumes, according to one source, instead just pulling in their LinkedIn profiles. Once it became clear these interviews were going nowhere, Pebble hardware employees were encouraged to apply to open positions on Fitbit's website. By the time it was all over, most Pebble employees were sent home with severance packages. Many others took the Fitbit offer, and several former Pebble employees now list Fitbit as their employer on LinkedIn. As for Migicovsky, he'll be working at the startup incubator Y Combinator next year. Pebble's software may live on within Fitbit products, but it's now up to other companies to prove whether Pebble's pioneering product represents the future of computing or just an interesting footnote in history. NOW WATCH: A regular guy tests out Apple's wireless AirPod headphones — here’s what he thought Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Tech Insider The 10 biggest risks the world faces in 2017 Tech Insider Astronomers think a rare and explosive 'red nova' will light up the night sky in a few years Tech Insider Scientists may be seriously underestimating risk of big freeze in Europe Tech Insider We asked a dietitian what you should — ​and shouldn't​ — do if you want to look and feel healthier in a week Tech Insider Tech Insider View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsCelebrate The Best Startups At TechCrunch's Annual Awards Show This February Get Your Tickets Now Niantic Labs Here’s what Pokémon GO is doing for its Holiday Event Mario arrives as Pokemon Go peaks, with declining downloads, falling revenue Pokémon Go’s Thanksgiving event gives players double XP and Stardust Browse more... Debunking cancellation rumors, Niantic says Pokemon GO for Apple Watch is still “coming soon” Posted Dec 17, 2016 by Greg Kumparak (@grg) 0 SHARES Next Story HP’s OMEN X is a powerful and mostly satisfying gaming cube When Niantic first showed a Pokemon Go app for Apple Watch back in September, the only sort of launch date the company would give was by “the end of the year.” As December 31st quickly approaches, PoGo fans are starting to wonder if Niantic will ship things in 2016 after all. With wondering and doubt comes ample opportunity for rumors to spiral out of control. An email started circulating via reddit early this morning; supposedly sent by a Niantic customer service agent, it claimed the “port for the Apple Watch has been shelved” and that development had been stopped. While a few sites took the rumor and ran with it, it all seemed… a bit off, to us. Apple had featured it in its own announcement; to quietly kill it off months later would’ve burned some pretty crucial bridges. So we reached out to Niantic. The company is often quick to the no-comment when it comes to hearsay — but in this case, a rep for the company put it in clear terms: Thanks for checking with us! The image in that Reddit post is not real. Development on Pokémon GO continues, as it has since before the Apple announcement. We’ll have more news on the product soon. Meanwhile, the official PokemonGo twitter feed says: Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Niantic Labs Founded 2011 Overview Niantic, Inc. builds real world experiences that foster fun, exploration, discovery and social interaction. It began as a lab within Google, spinning out of the larger company in 2015 to become Niantic, Inc. Products include the wildly-popular Pokemon Go, Ingress, and Field Trip. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Internet, Software, Video Games Founders John Hanke Website http://www.nianticlabs.com/ Full profile for Niantic Labs Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Medium in the Hot Seat | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Niantic Labs Popular Posts Featured Stories DJI Opens its Wallet for Hasselblad | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:53 | Crunch Report A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 37 minutes ago | Lucas Matney Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ 3 hours ago | Kate Conger WikiLeaks mulls building a dox database of verified Twitter users 5 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Theranos slashes another 41 percent of its workforce 5 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From TechCrunch A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 37 minutes ago | Lucas Matney This Fisher-Price stationary bike with a tablet attached feels kind of inevitable 1 hour ago | Brian Heater Homeland Security expands its power to help states with election system cybersecurity 1 hour ago | Taylor Hatmaker Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next HP’s OMEN X is a powerful and mostly satisfying gaming cube Posted Dec 17, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Software Developer for Humanitarian Health Technology at Vecna Cares Charitable Trust (Boston, MA, United States) B2B Marketing Manager, SaaS at Qualer (San Diego, CA, United States) Senior Software Developer at American Physical Society (Ridge, NY, United States) Senior Data Engineer at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular A view from Andreessen Horowitz on the questions shaping the future of autonomous vehicles 4 hours ago by Frank Chen A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 37 minutes ago by Lucas Matney Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Munro Motor launches retro-style e-moped 5 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps The billion-dollar pharma startup that Silicon Valley has totally missed 7 hours ago by Connie Loizos Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago by John Biggs Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ 3 hours ago by Kate Conger The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise 2 hours ago by Brian Heater Indiegogo to launch campaigns combining perks and equity investment this year 9 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Final Thoughts: Gene Munster Concludes His Coverage Of Apple Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} December 17, 2016 8:21pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL Rex Tillerson's Personal Portfolio Includes Stakes In Exxon, Oil Rivals And Apple Apple Pledges $1 Billion In Softbank's Tech Fund; Good News For Sprint? Look out Samsung! Apple is heading to Seoul (Seeking Alpha) In his farewell coverage note on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), famed Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster offered his views for the next five years. After a career spanning over two decades, Munster is set to leave the firm to start a venture capital firm.   Unit Growth, Innovation — Twin Investor Preoccupation While noting that unit and innovation have been the primary concerns of an Apple investor, Munster said he thinks iPhone 7 will have better-than-expected unit growth for the March quarter and the June quarter. The analyst believes Apple's 10th anniversary device will be compelling enough to sustain high single-digit to low double-digit growth. The optimistic expectations despite the lukewarm smartphone market were attributed to the growing wave of three-year-old or older iPhones, which are estimated to reach 300 million unit sales during the iPhone 10 cycle next year. For 2018, Munster estimates around 170 million iPhone 10 units. Munster thinks Apple is trying to transition into a services company, with the 24 percent year-over-year growth in services in the September quarter touted. In order for investors to accept Apple as a services company, the analyst thinks the company should derive at least 50 percent of its revenues from services. A 30 percent revenue share from services would be needed for giving it more credit for it being a higher margin segment. Unique measures to help Apple grow as a services company include: Accepting a lower profit margin on hardware by selling the low-end device. Sell a bundled hardware/software package direct to consumers. Overall, Munster said he is confident the management team will figure out the best forward path to optimize the services story. Olson To Take Over From Munster Munster also took the opportunity to pass on the baton to Mike Olson, who worked with him on Apple between 2004 and 2010. Piper Jaffray has an Overweight rating and a $155 price target for the shares of Apple. Apple shares closed Friday trading up 0.13 percent at $115.97. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage On Buy Dec 2016 PiperJaffray Assumes Overweight Overweight Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Gene Munster iPhone 7Analyst Color Long Ideas News Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) Rex Tillerson's Personal Portfolio Includes Stakes In Exxon, Oil Rivals And Apple Apple Pledges $1 Billion In Softbank's Tech Fund; Good News For Sprint? 'Tesla Killer' Faraday Future May Be Dead-On-Departure Is The Street Underestimating Apple's iPhone 8? Smartphone Sales To Rebound After 3-Year Low: Accenture As Apple Dips, Vetr Crowd Urges Buy View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 CASC, HSY: 15 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 ALXN, SGMO: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 CI, ANTM: Anthem-Cigna Deal Unlikely To Be Consummated, Says Stifel 4 GNC, FIT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Constellati... 5 SHOP, AMZN: Shopify Shares Pop As Old Deal With... 6 GM, TSLA: Tesla Set Up For Massive Po... 7 IONS, GILD: Jefferies' P... 1 An Emmy-nominated CBS Business Analyst Is Teaming Up With A Huge Fintech Startup... 2 EWW: Jim Strugger's iShares Mexico ETF Trade 3 TWTR: Vetr Crowd Quells Twitter's Resurgence With A Downgrade 4 ONCE, PFE: Spark Gets A Check From Pfizer And A Downgrade From Vetr 5 TWX, BRK.B: 'Becoming Warren Buffett': Your Chance To Ge... 6 ICPT, TSRO: Jefferies' Picks For 2017's Most A... 7 FOXA, EXPE: Execs Giving CES Keynote Speeches... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Prima BioMed Announces ADR Ratio Change from 30 Ordinary Share to 100 The Risks Of The Trade: Providing Accounting Services For The Marijuana Industry
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 18, 2016December 18, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Motley Fool Answers Shares Its &quot;Maintain, Don't Gain&quot; Holiday Tradition On this episode of Motley Fool Answers , the cast turns their attention to investor health beyond retirement accounts and stock holdings. Instead, they welcome the Motley Fool’s chief wellness officer Sam Whiteside onto the show, as she shares some important tips with listeners on how to make healthier choices amid the many temptations that accompany the holiday season. You can still enjoy your eggnog and holiday meals while building momentum for the new year. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as ofDecember 12 , 2016 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns and recommends shares of Apple. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Alison Southwick: This is Motley Fool Answers . I’m Alison Southwick and I’m joined, as always, by Robert Brokamp, personal finance expert here at The Motley Fool. He’s also the advisor on Motley Fool’s Rule Your Retirement newsletter. Such a great newsletter. Robert Brokamp: Well, thank you very much, Alison. Southwick: It’s the holidays — that special time of year where we don festive sweaters and get stressed-out drunk and a little more chubby . But it doesn’t have to be that way. The Motley Fool’s chief wellness officer joins us with five ways to maintain and not gain over the holidays. We’ll also answer your question about creating a portfolio of … bonds? Brokamp: A special type of bond fund . That’s what we’re going to talk about here. I know. I know you’re excited. I know. Alison is falling asleep, everyone out there in Podcastland. Southwick: Well, no. I mean, obviously we got a question about it, so it matters to someone. It just doesn’t matter to me and I am naturally predisposed to kind of fall asleep whenever the word bond … It’s like The Manchurian Candidate where I hear the word “bond” and it’s just like boom. She falls asleep rather than like activates and tries to assassinate someone. Brokamp: Yes. Well, I prefer that you fall asleep, rather than the other one, since I’m the only one in this room with you right now. Southwick: Who knows? Maybe there is a word out there. You’ve got to be careful what you say. Brokamp: OK. Southwick: All that and more on this week’s episode of Motley Fool Answers . __ Southwick: All right, it’s time for Answers, Answers and today’s question comes from Steve. Are we sure this isn’t Steve Broido? Brokamp: It’s not Steve Broido. Southwick: Our in-house bond expert? Brokamp: No. Southwick: All right. Steve writes: “I continue to hear about the risk that rising interest rates pose to traditional bond funds, as well as the benefits of laddering individual bonds, but I’m intimidated by picking and maintaining a portfolio of individual bonds. What are your thoughts on laddering target-dated maturity bond funds such as Guggenheim’s corporate bonds or iShare’s muni bonds?” All right, Bro. Make this interesting to me. Brokamp: OK. Well, I don’t know if I can do that, but, Steve, your concerns are valid. Interest rates are at historic lows. Just for an example, a 10-year Treasury, pretty much the main benchmark rate, in July hit historic lows. But when rates go up, the values of existing bonds go down. So actually, rates have gone up since July. So if you look at, for example, the Vanguard Total Bond Index Fund , the biggest bond fund in the world, it’s actually down 3% over the last three months. And you think, “Well, bonds are safe. Oh, my goodness. My investment has dropped 3%,” so this is a concern for anyone who’s looking for an alternative to the stock market. Some people will recommend individual bonds. You buy a bond for, let’s say, $1,000. A five-year bond. Rates go up. The value of it in the marketplace will go down, but as long as you hold it to maturity and the company is still in business, you’ll get your $1,000 back in five years. Southwick: And that is what we talked about with the Steve Broido episode. Brokamp: Right, exactly. Bond funds, though, fluctuate in value. You don’t know what you’re going to get. But buying individual bonds can be complicated and you do have to own many to be specially diversified. So a company called Guggenheim, and then followed by iShares, came up with a solution. They have what are called target-date maturity bond funds in that you buy, for example, the 2018 bond fund and it only holds bonds that mature in 2018. At the end of 2018, you just get all your money back, because all the bonds have matured. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: So it’s a way to get the benefits of holding individual bonds but instant diversification, so it’s actually a pretty good deal. Let’s take a look very quickly at the bond fund that’s going to mature this year, 2016. It matures at the end of the year. Over the last five years, it has earned an average of almost 3% a year. That’s about what the overall bond market has earned, so that’s good. And when you compare it to — I mentioned that Vanguard is the biggest bond fund — the second biggest bond fund, PIMCO Total Return , that’s actually earned a little over 3% a year. The next is NatWest. The total return — that’s earned over 4% a year. So while I like these Guggenheim target-date bond funds, you probably won’t get the same returns as you might get with another type of fund, but you also won’t get the fluctuation. I mentioned how a lot of bond funds have actually come down over the last three months. This 2016 Guggenheim fund has actually made a little bit of money. Why? Because it’s 2016. This is the year these bonds are maturing, so actually half that bond is already in cash, because those bonds have matured. So I think it’s a great option if you are looking for something that’s going to earn a little bit more than cash. You want a little bit more security about the money. But over the long term, I don’t think that they will have quite the same returns as a traditional diversified bond fund that you hold for the long term. Southwick: Can you address the laddering part? I kind of understand laddering. Brokamp: Laddering is you buy different bonds — and you can do it with CDs, too — of different maturities. So maybe you put some of your money in a bond that matures one year, then two years, three years, four years, and five years. Every year you have bonds coming due — so you have some liquidity there — but you also have some bonds that are longer dated, because the longer the bond is, the higher interest rate you’re going to get. Southwick: And every year that they mature, then you buy another year out. Brokamp: Right, exactly. And these target-date ETFs actually can be good for that. In fact, on Guggenheim’s website, you even have a tool in there where you put in how long you want your ladder to be, how much you want to put in your ladder, and it will tell you which ETFs to buy and how much to invest in those ETFs. Southwick: So generally speaking, bottom line, not a bad idea, Steve. Brokamp: Not a bad idea. Especially if you’re retired and you want to protect money that you need in the five years, it’s a great idea. If you’re just buying bonds for diversification to your long-term portfolio, a regular bond fund is probably OK. __ Southwick: Bro, how much weight do you think you gain over the holidays? If you had to guess? Brokamp: If I had to guess? Three to five pounds. Southwick: Three to five pounds. You know what? That is actually what most people say — is that they gain about five pounds over the holidays. Brokamp: What you’re saying is I’m just average. Is that what you’re saying? Southwick: Well, no. Well, a little. But sometimes it’s OK to be average. Studies vary on how much weight people actually gain on average. Some stories will say that it’s like seven to 10 pounds, especially if it’s a reporter who’s writing a story about the epidemic of gaining weight over the holidays. The New York Times says actually the average is closer to one pound; however, if you’re already overweight, you’re likely to gain closer to five pounds. Brokamp: Mm. Southwick: So, I don’t know how that makes you feel. Brokamp: It might be the type of food. There’s so much more rich and sweet food you just feel worse because you’re eating it. Maybe that’s why I feel it more. The eggnog. Oh, my gosh, the eggnog. Southwick: I’m sure you consumed five pounds of food. Brokamp: Oh, I love the eggnog. Southwick: Well, anyway. Today we are joined by the Fool’s chief wellness officer, Sam Whiteside, and she brings us her best advice to maintain and not gain over the holidays. Hi, Sam. Sam Whiteside: Hi, Fools. Southwick: Thanks for coming back to the show. Whiteside: Absolutely. It’s been too long. Southwick: It has been too long. Brokamp: It has. Southwick: So what I like about your “Maintain, Don’t Gain” challenge that you do here at the Fool is the idea that, “Listen. We know you’re going to overindulge. Just try to maintain. I’m not asking you to lose weight. Just try not to get fatter.” Whiteside: Exactly. It’s more about being cognizant in the moment, and making sure that you’re aware of the choices that you’re making. Southwick: Yeah, those choices. All of the choices. Whiteside: All of the choices. Brokamp: So many choices. Southwick: Because many of those choices are around the holidays, and take place at a party or among friends and family, I think it only makes sense for us to eavesdrop, a little bit, on a get-together and discover what trips people up the most over the holidays. Shall we go eavesdrop on a party? Brokamp: Let’s do that. Southwick: Let’s! [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Brokamp: I love living in New Hampshire! Southwick: Fill the pool with whiskey! Cannonball! Brokamp: Cannonball! [Door shuts] Southwick: So, yeah. Drinking alcohol. That happens a lot around the holidays. Whiteside: It sure does. Every single party [or get-together] I’m sure we will all attend this holiday season will have some sort of booze. Have you been to a party without booze during the holidays? Brokamp: Not that I’m aware of. Southwick: No. No. Maybe like a kid’s birthday… Whiteside: No … Southwick: … no, even kids’ birthday parties these days have like … beer. The funny thing about alcohol is not only does alcohol have a lot of calories, but the mixers have a lot of calories and then you end up eating all this horrible food after you drink alcohol. It’s just horrible. Brokamp: Did I mention eggnog yet? Whiteside: Well, it’s a funny thing. Let’s take a guess. How many calories do you think an average pour of eggnog has? Southwick: Bro looks so sad right now. Brokamp: [Sobs] Don’t confront me with reality! Whiteside: I’m going to tell you. It’s 340 calories. Southwick: Wow! Whiteside: And 19 grams of fat. Brokamp: But eggs are good for you! Whiteside: Twelve grams of sugar … Southwick: Wow. Whiteside: … in a typical eggnog concoction … Brokamp: Mm. Whiteside: … so that brings me to my first point. The holidays — don’t use that as an excuse to overconsume and overindulge, specifically on alcohol. There are calories in those alcoholic beverages and just because it’s liquid, it does not mean it doesn’t count. It definitely goes into your total caloric intake. And so I usually recommend trying some alcohol-free days, specifically during the week when you know that you have a party to go to that Friday or Saturday. Number two. Every other alcoholic beverage — maybe swap it out for a glass of water. Have that glass of water in your hand when you’re walking around the party. That way someone won’t come up to you and be like, “Hey, you don’t have a drink in your hand.” Southwick: Oh, yeah. Fools do that. Whiteside: How many times does that happen? That does happen a lot here. Your hands are empty! Brokamp: Every day, all day long. Southwick: No, not at work. Well, sometimes at work, but not often. Whiteside: So that will reduce someone coming up to you and saying, “Your hands are empty. You don’t have anything in your hand.” You do, and every other drink is a glass of water. Southwick: Great. Shall we head back to the party? Brokamp: Let’s go. [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Southwick: I’m going to eat all the carbs. Brokamp: And the dairy. Cheese everyone. Cheese! [Door closes] Southwick: So sometimes going to parties, there’s a lot of food. No, always there’s food. We’re Americans. Of course, at every party there is food and it’s not always the healthiest. Whiteside: Yeah. And funny that you mentioned cheese. Most of the vegetables that you will likely see at holiday parties will be covered in cheese or… Southwick: Ooh, fondue! Whiteside: Right, fondue! Southwick: Cannonball! Whiteside: … are going to be covered in things you might not typically cover vegetables with. Brokamp: Eggnog, for example? Whiteside: Eggnog, yes. Dipped in asparagus. Southwick: Ooh! Whiteside: That sounds amazing. And so I usually instruct Fools or clients to not only make sure you prepare for these parties, [but to] bring a healthy dish; specifically if it’s a potluck get-together. Be the change in the world by bringing a healthy dish to an unhealthy party. Brokamp: You’ll be so popular, too. Southwick: Well! Whiteside: And don’t just bring a crudités plate or a vegetable tray that you picked up at your local grocery store. Make it fun. I usually do a sweet potato dish that’s diced sweet potatoes, red potatoes, and purple potatoes drizzled with olive oil and a little bit of pesto. Stick it in the oven. Pull it right out five minutes before and top it with goat cheese. Not exactly the healthiest option you could ever eat in your entire life, but it’s definitely one of the healthier options you might be able to bring to a holiday party. Southwick: You know what blew my mind when I had it? And we had it here at the Fool and we had a nutritionist come. And it was cauliflower to be made like mashed potatoes. Brokamp: I have heard of this, but I never tried it. Southwick: [Whispers] It was amazing. Brokamp: Really? Southwick: It was just cauliflower, salt, and like olive oil. Whiteside: It’s hard, sometimes, to tell the difference between a really good cauliflower mash and regular mashed potatoes. Brokamp: Wow! Whiteside: So a good resource that I use a lot is a website called SparkPeople.com. On that website you can easily find all kinds of fitness and nutrition tips and you can also search for recipes that are low in sugar, or heart-healthy recipes, or that might be more diabetic friendly. Or with a specific vegetable. That website I definitely recommend for anyone looking for a healthy option. Southwick: I would also recommend making the recipe at least once before you take it to the party. Whiteside: That, too … Southwick: Because I have made that mistake so many times where I just show up with this casserole dish and I’m like, “I’m sorry.” I hand it over and then I walk away. Whiteside: It looks bad, but it might taste good. Brokamp: So let’s say someone doesn’t want to gain over the holidays, they go to a party, and they overindulge. Is it reasonable to compensate the next day by basically fasting or just eating vegetables? Can you counteract what you do by going the extreme other way on the next day or for the following week? Whiteside: That’s a great question. I’m never really a great proponent of fasting. Your body is a machine. You need to feed it for it to perform, and so I definitely do not recommend fasting. Increasing your vegetable count during the holidays is always a good idea. And it’s funny that you mentioned that. The Washington Post actually came out with a piece today that says “11 strategies for getting through the holidays without weight gain,” and one of those strategies was to increase your vegetables during this time. So I would recommend that. I would definitely not recommend fasting. Southwick: You also recommended in the past eating before you go to a party. Whiteside: Absolutely. Southwick: So there you go. Get your vegetables in then, Bro … Brokamp: OK. Southwick: … so you can pound all the eggnog you want. Brokamp: And my asparagus-nog. Southwick: All right, are we ready to head back to the party? Brokamp: Let’s go! [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Southwick: I am way too busy researching Westworld fan theories online and there is no time left to exercise. [Door closes] Southwick: It’s always funny to me how people are like I don’t have time. I don’t have time. I don’t have time . But, like me, I do have time to research fan theories on Westworld online, and I do have time to do a lot of stuff. So I make these excuses to not exercise and do a lot of things when the truth is I do have time. I just choose not to use that time for things that are good for me. Whiteside: That’s a great point. Especially during the holidays we’re going to be surrounded with not only numerous indulgences and tempting offers, but we have family coming in and out of town. We’re travelling. These are all things that can definitely weigh heavily on the fact that we only have 24 hours in a day. If you have 10 minutes, you have time to exercise. There should really be no excuse to make sure that you’re taking care of yourself, especially during a stressful time. There are numerous apps out there that can provide you with free, really easy body weight workouts. If you’re traveling and you know you’re going to be staying in a hotel, make sure that hotel has a gym before you make the reservation. A lot of hotels out there, now, are even renting or giving [away new workout clothes]. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: Really! Whiteside: Yes, you can actually rent … Brokamp: Everything cleaned? Whiteside: I would hope so. Brokamp: OK. Whiteside: You can rent workout clothes or a pair of shoes. So that is another way to make sure that you’re reducing those barriers. Southwick: Right, so no excuses if there’s clothes, there. Whiteside: Yes, reduce the excuses and the barriers. Again, if you have 10 minutes, you have time to exercise. Even if you spend that 10 minutes taking a walk, it is much better than going ahead and taking a seat on that couch. Southwick: You talked about the importance of having a friend or a family member to hold you accountable. Whiteside: Absolutely. Specifically, you want somebody who can help hold you accountable that hopefully lives within a close-enough distance to where you guys actually interact. Not necessarily on a daily basis, but possibly on a weekly and definitely on a monthly basis. Making sure that you have those interactions. For me, I have a couple of cousins in the area, and we schedule morning walks during the time that we know it’s stressful. We’re both off of work, there’s stuff going on, but we’re making sure that we’re holding each other accountable. Southwick: Or a co-worker, perhaps. Whiteside: Or a co-worker. Brokamp: Hm? Southwick: I could do a better job holding you accountable, huh? Brokamp: You could. What would you say is like a healthy amount of weight loss over a given period of like a month? Or maybe even a week? Southwick: You’re not even looking to maintain. You’re looking to lose? Is that what you’re saying? Brokamp: Because I’ve been working with Sam and I’ve had trouble sticking with things, so I’m like, “Here we are talking about this. Talking about accountability …” Whiteside: Yes. Brokamp: I’m going to put some money on the line. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: Like what’s a healthy amount? Whiteside: Are we putting money on the line right here? Southwick: Right now. Brokamp: I’m just talking about it. I’m thinking about it. So you tell me. Southwick: He backed out of that pretty quickly, didn’t he? Brokamp: What’s a healthy amount of weight for someone to expect to lose in a week that isn’t crazy? Whiteside: I am a big believer of the two-to-three pound rule. Of course, it’s going to depend on how much you weigh, male or female, your current level of activity, how many calories you’re currently consuming, and how many calories you plan to possibly cut. But two to three pounds of weight loss per week is a safe number depending on those things that I just mentioned. Brokamp: So someone losing 10 pounds between now and the end of the holidays would be quite an accomplishment? Whiteside: Are you promising that you’re going to lose 10 pounds… Southwick: Wow! Whiteside: … in my “Maintain, Don’t Gain?” Brokamp: I think so. Whiteside: I’ll take that challenge. Brokamp: All right. I’m putting $200 on the line. Southwick: Two hundred? Whiteside: Two hundred? Brokamp: Two hundred dollars on the line. So by December 31st. Is that the end of the holidays or are we saying January 2nd? Southwick: No, after New Year’s. Whiteside: Yeah. I’m giving all Fools until the end of the first week in January to weigh out. Brokamp: All right. Southwick: All right. Brokamp: So $100 … Well, $200 … Southwick: You said $200! Brokamp: I was going to say $100 for each of you and then I looked at Rick. I’m like, all right. You guys are going to have to figure out how to split up the $200. Southwick: Rick and I can split up the $200. Brokamp: All right, so we’ve got to do a weigh-in after this. OK. All right. Whiteside: Bring it on. Southwick: This is fun. I know for me personally, I never lose weight. It’s just when I exercise more, I think I must gain muscle, and then my clothes fit better, but I never, ever lose weight. Whiteside: And that’s something else to be cognizant of. Don’t just rely on the number on the scale. That is not an indicator of your total health. That definitely does not correlate with how hard you’ve been working. We see it all the time in the show The Biggest Loser . Those individuals are working their tails off for that entire seven days. They go to weigh in and sometimes they gained weight. Your body will fluctuate, and your body will sometimes see things as a stressor. So that’s also really important why you need to maintain your stress during the holidays, as well. Southwick: Oh, hey. That’s a great segue into our next trip to the holiday party. [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Brokamp: Everyone in my family has opinions on how to cook the turkey and fix our economy. I’m so stressed. [Door closes] Southwick: Yeah, so stressed. I’m actually pretty lucky that my holidays are usually pretty stress-free, but for other people like old Bro, over here … Brokamp: I think this holiday season will be very interesting, given the recent election, for people who come from mixed political families like I do. So it will be interesting. Whiteside: It will be interesting. So a great way, and an easy way, and a way that will not take very much of your time to make sure that you’re handling, managing, decreasing your stress is the “M” word, meditation. The “M” word … Brokamp: The “M” word … Whiteside: Some people are so scared of meditation. You’ll be so surprised. Or they think, “Oh, gosh. That’s not for me. I can’t do that.” Or, “That’s too left field.” The idea of meditation is simply to find a quiet space and to try and put more time in between the thoughts that come through your mind. It’s not about doing yoga, or standing on your head, or having a certain pose, or being completely quiet and having no thoughts come in. It’s basically trying to put more space in between the thoughts that come through your brain. Because we’re humans, our brains are consistently trying to create stories around things that come through, and it’s basically just trying to decrease that. [To] give yourself more quiet space in your brain. There’s some really great apps out there. Some free ones. Calm, Headspace, Omvana, Take a Break, and Smiling Mind are some of the top free apps out there. Some cheap ones are Buddhify and Simply Being. And with each of these apps you can go anywhere from five minutes to 45 or 60 minutes of meditation. You can play with the music. Different themes. There can be guided imagery. An easy way to make sure that you’re taking care of yourself and decreasing that stress. Southwick: So what does that mean, though? I think when people think of meditation, they think of someone sitting in the lotus position. Is that what it’s called? And just being like, “Ohhmmm.” Whiteside: Right. Southwick: While incense is wafting through, and chimes, and stuff like that. Brokamp: Boomm … Southwick: So what are you going to get from one of these apps? What is this app going to ask me to do? Because if there’s some funky mind control in there by some tech company… And yes, maybe I got these conspiracy theories from watching Westworld , but … Brokamp: Pull out your credit card … Southwick: What’s going to happen when I use one of these apps? Whiteside: That’s the great thing about all the apps that I mentioned. There’s a lot of different variability that you can play with. You can play with different music or the different sounds. Or having someone speak to you. Or, “No, I don’t want to listen to anyone talk right now. I just want to listen to some waves crashing on the beach.” And so you definitely have all of those choices with all of those apps that I just mentioned. Brokamp: In a previous episode I mentioned the Beck Diet Solution, which is based on cognitive therapy … basically how you think affects how you act, and one of the premises of the book is we have all these permission-giving thoughts about eating when we know we shouldn’t, and I think stress is a big part of that. I’m very stressed. I know I shouldn’t eat this, but I’m so stressed I’m going to go ahead … Whiteside: Exactly. Brokamp: … and eat this, or I need that drink because I’m so stressed. Whiteside: Right. We place a link between those things, and there should be no link. Don’t give yourself an excuse to have two brownies just because you’re stressed out. If you’re stressed out, find a different coping mechanism. Find a positive one that’s going to impact you in a positive way. Southwick: I’m currently in the process of trying to link running and destressing. Brokamp: It will work, too. Southwick: It does work. I just have to keep reminding myself that I will feel better, and I will feel less stressed if I go run for a little bit. Whiteside: Right. Southwick: But it’s like reprogramming myself. Whiteside: Right. And as a Western culture, we associate food with happiness and food with decreasing stress. Or food as a gift. Those are things in our culture I see we can probably work on. It definitely plays a huge role in a family unit. Every time that you get together with your girlfriends, or you have a big family outing, we all eat, or drink, or eat and drink a lot. That’s something that provides a lot of joy, but you can find joy in other ways. Southwick: Make it a sometimes. Sometimes food. Well, we are done with the cocktail party, but I do want to hear Sam’s bottom-line, best piece of advice for everyone over the holidays, and it is… Whiteside: Shoo! That’s a hard one, but if I had to choose one thing, it would definitely be to volunteer. Give back. Specifically during the holiday season, we not only are stressed out, but we’re making possibly poor decisions. We’re being pulled at all different angles and what I call “keeping your tank full”… Our tanks start to decrease. We start to feel frazzled. So for me, an easy way to keep my tank full or to refill that tank is to give back in some capacity. An easy way to do that for me is to go onto a couple of different websites. One is HandsOn Network. It’s definitely an easy way to find local volunteer opportunities wherever you are. If you going to PointsofLight.org/HandsOnNetwork, you will be able to find local volunteer opportunities pretty much in whatever zip code you live in. I have been using that network, probably, for about six or seven years. On Thursday morning on Thanksgiving Day, I will be volunteering at New Hope Housing’s Thanksgiving lunch, so I will be making dinner rolls the night before and a potato dish of some kind, and a healthy… Brokamp: A healthy one, of course. Southwick: I’ve heard of one that has sweet potatoes and regular potatoes. Whiteside: Yeah, where’d you get that from? Brokamp: And asparagus-nog. Southwick: Someone is making asparagus-nog. That’s like the meanest thing you could make for someone. Whiteside: That is horrible. That sounds gross. And so I will be serving that food to some of our chronically homeless here in Alexandria. So, yeah. Brokamp: Good for you. Southwick: Yeah! Brokamp: That’s great. Southwick: I love that idea, because if you’re volunteering, you’re not eating, you’re not overindulging, and you’re also not spending money which we also like to do. Whiteside: Save that money. Brokamp: Could you imagine serving food to the homeless and then overindulging? Taking all their food? That would be horrible. Absolutely horrible. Whiteside: That is not giving back well. That is not going to help you lose those 10 pounds. Brokamp: I’m here for the free food. Southwick: If you did donate asparagus-nog, you would get it all to yourself, so you could overindulge in that case. Thank you so much for joining us, and coming in today, and sharing your great advice. This has been really wonderful. Whiteside: It’s been wonderful to be here, and I hope it isn’t another six or 12 months before I see you again. Brokamp: It won’t be. Whiteside: I mean I see you around the office, but… Southwick: No, it won’t be. Brokamp: It might be just the beginning of next year when I’m not giving you $200. Whiteside: Boom! I want that money though. Brokamp: There you go. Whiteside: I kind of want that money, though. Southwick: I’m going to spend it all on wine, and cheese, and crackers. Whiteside: And carbohydrates. Southwick: And all the carbohydrates. __ Southwick: Well, that’s the show. I want to thank Harris and Shoots who sent postcards from Dubai and Helen of Montana, respectively. Brokamp: Very nice. Southwick: I love it! They still come in! Amy at the front desk will come up, and she’ll drop them off at my desk, and then she’ll cover her ears, because I’ll squeal. And then my husband — he sits like 15 feet from me. People will be like, “What happened?” And Ron will say, “Ugh, Alison just got some more postcards from listeners.” Oh, I love him so much. All right. Our email is Answers@Fool.com. We have a Mailbag episode coming up, so we are also up to our eyeballs in mail. We’re sorry about that, but we’re going to start digging. But you can still email us. Answers@Fool.com. We love to hear from you. Also, if you have time, head to our podcast center. It’s at Fool.com/Podcast. And if you enjoyed last week’s episode with Kim Palmer about how to be an entrepreneur, you might enjoy Rule Breaker Investing . [David Gardner’s podcast] is having Entrepreneur Month with lots of interviews with fun and interesting entrepreneurs and experts. Rick, who were some of the people interviewed? Guy Kawasaki? Rick Engdahl: Danny Meyer. Southwick: Who’s Danny Meyer? Engdahl: Of restaurant fame. Shake Shack and Union Square Cafe in New York. Southwick: Oh, yeah. I believe he also interviewed the so-called king of Kickstarter, and he’s a board game creator. I believe it’s Jamey Stegmaier. So lots of interesting people. Oh, and he also interviewed Tom Gardner, co-founder and CEO of The Motley Fool, a little company you may have head of. So there you go. You can head to Podcast.Fool.com and you can also learn about some of the services we provide like Motley Fool Rule Your Retirement … Brokamp: Rule Your Retirement … Southwick: … newsletter. It’s the jam. The show is edited volunteeringly by Rick Engdahl. For Robert Brokamp, I’m Alison Southwick. Stay foolish, everybody. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. Richard Engdahl has no position in any stocks mentioned. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool is short Shake Shack. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Online Trading Account Comparison: Merrill Edge vs. Charles Schwab Next PostNext 5 Year-End Tax Moves You Need to Make Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Kratos to Present at the 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference January 6, 2017 Frost & Sullivan Recognizes Nuvectra’s Pioneering Spinal Cord Stimulation Product for Chronic Pain Management January 6, 2017 Hearst Agrees to Acquire Majority Ownership of TV Program Producer and Distributor Litton Entertainment January 6, 2017 Rapper Teflon Don Drops New Hip Hop Dance Song “Stop n Go” ft iLoveMemphis & J Renee #StopAndGoChallenge January 6, 2017 Jeong Hwan Choi Honored by Marquis Who’s Who for Excellence in Civil Engineering January 6, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
  Home     U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Bingo Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy: Mince pie strudels  By Jamie Oliver Published: 19:03 EST, 17 December 2016 | Updated: 19:03 EST, 17 December 2016 e-mail View comments MINCE PIE STRUDELS APPLE, SWEET POTATO, MINCEMEAT, PECANS, HONEY & WHISKY Back when I was a teenager, I used to love making big strudels at Christmas. Inspired by that, I came up with these mini cigar-shaped ones, which are a perfect companion or replacement for an old-school classic puff-pastry mince pie. MAKES 12 1 HOUR 1 eating apple 150g sweet potato 100g unsalted butter 1 teaspoon fennel seeds 75ml whisky 1 clementine 1 x 410g jar of quality mincemeat 1 x 270g pack of filo pastry (6 sheets) 40g pecan nuts 1 tablespoon runny honey ● Peel and core the apple, peel the sweet potato, then chop both into 1cm dice. Melt 1 knob of butter in a pan on a medium heat, add the fennel seeds for a couple of minutes, then add the apple, sweet potato and whisky. Finely grate in the clementine zest and squeeze in the juice. Cook with the lid ajar for 15 minutes, or until softened, stirring occasionally and adding a splash of water, if needed. Leave to cool completely, then mix with the mincemeat. ● Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/gas 4. Melt the remaining butter and use some of it to brush the inside of a roasting tray (18cm x 25cm). Unroll the filo pastry and cut the sheets in half down the middle. Working one by one, brush the edges of each pastry sheet with butter, place 3 heaped teaspoons of filling in the centre at one end, roll it over a couple of times, then fold in the sides and finish rolling it up into a mini strudel. Place each one in the buttered tray as you go, with the seal at the bottom, then brush the tops with more butter. Chop the pecans and toss with the remaining butter, then scatter over the tray of strudels. ● Bake at the bottom of the oven for 30 minutes, or until golden and crispy. Drizzle all over with the honey and you’re ready to go. Now, the only decision remains what to have on the side – a cup of tea, or more whisky..? GET AHEAD Make these up to the point where you’re ready to bake them, and place the whole tray in the freezer to get ahead. Cook directly from frozen for 40 minutes. NUTRITION PER SERVING 279 kcal; 11.2g fat (4.3g saturated); 3g protein; 39.8g carbs; 25.5.g sugars; 0.2g salt; 1.5g fibre. Jamie's joyous puds in full... Previous 1 2 Next Food: Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy  Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy: Tiramisù Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy: The jaffa cake  Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy: Arctic roll  Jamie Oliver's puddings of comfort & joy: Christmas sundaes  Food: Days of wine & spices  Share this article Share   Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments (0) Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in New York City Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site     MORE DON'T MISS Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Have they split?  'So happy I became a more confident me!' Scarlett Moffatt shares before and after throwback swimsuit snap after dropping FOUR dress sizes Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel Hitting Miami Jamie Laing's girlfriend Frankie Gaff shows off her trim bikini figure as she does cartwheels on the beach in Dubai Getting through the January blues  Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson flashes her sculpted abs and ample assets in skimpy bikini as she goes on yet ANOTHER holiday Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey following disastrous NYE show 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Had a giggle  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets during romantic break with rapper boyfriend Tyga in Mexico 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill after nearly two years together  The rapper is back on the market 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles Made the city streets into own personal runway Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Takes place decades before original series  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Touching tribute 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died From husband Frederic Prinz Von Anhalt Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon Celebrity fan base Aussies love Adele! The British songstress scores Australia's top-selling album for the second year in a row with '25'... on the eve of her first tour of the country 'Sorry not sorry for the slight belly roll': Busty Ashley James rocks bright yellow bikini as she happily reveals she gained a stone after 'best Christmas ever' 'It's not for this time of day': Davina McCall is left blushing after asking cheeky Gavin Rossdale the meaning behind his band Bush's name   Well, that's awkward!  Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  Promotional tour  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots KATIE HOPKINS: Stop trying to be the People's Pop Princess, Lily: Forget baiting white men and stick to the music, drink and drugs Follows assault claims 'It's one of the worst pains!' Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancé Jake Roche as 'horrendous'... as she praises Little Mix's Shout Out To My Ex Look away now, Katie! Dane Bowers 'reunites with ex' Sophia Cahill one year after avoiding jail for attacking her... after Price called him 'the love of her life' Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The leading stars of the future Yummy mummy! Leggy Sam Faiers shows off slim pins in Instagram selfie before posing with 'best friend' baby Paul 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30 as she covers Cosmopolitan 'The devil drinks Skinnygirl': Bethenny Frankel's lawyers considering action against French book publisher for using similar logo to her brand Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast Bona fide foodie Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Going out with a bang  Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Near-fatal overdose in 2015 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt He's head over heels despite family drama No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range for M&S  All the trim-mings Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Funny game  CBB's Stacy Francis throws a major tantrum at James Jordan as she protests against being 'edited out' of show Reaching breaking point already The CLAN-cy! Abbey looks stylish in skinny jeans and heels as she enjoys winter stroll with towering hubby Peter Crouch and daughter Sophia Peek-a-boob! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer flashes a hint of side boob in skimpy bikini as she parades her toned physique on the beach in Tenerife 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK Passed away last year Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Take a break 'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Now on the mend  Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London Kept things casual 'My relationship was WILD!' CBB's Jamie O'Hara lavished ex-wife Danielle Lloyd with his '£25k a week' wages... after she warns him not to speak about her MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel The perfect match! Tottenham star Dele Alli keeps a low-profile as he treats model girlfriend Ruby Mae to a romantic dinner date Took time off training Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Honoured father Lionel  Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Marnie Simpson talks about her split with Lewis Bloor for the first time... as she brands ex Aaron Chalmers' romance with 'older' Lauren Pope 'weird' Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA The 31-year-old was in West Hollywood Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen strips strips down to scanty lace underwear as she joins her fellow Ex On The Beach beauties inside a London pub 'It was a storm in a teacup': F1 boss Ron Dennis apologises to David Beckham after bust-up over a New Year's Eve party seating plan and money jibe Natural beauty! Jessica Gomes shares pictures of her twilight swim in bush lake while on getaway with boyfriend Xavier Samuel 'He was so brilliant at convincing me': Coleen Nolan reveals why she was strangely 'elated' to confirm ex Shane Richie's affair... as she battles to save marriage 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin Katie Price confirms she's NOT pregnant by posing with a box of tampons on Instagram... after denying return to Celebrity Big Brother Sparked speculation Lovely jubbly! What's become of the Only Fools and Horses cast in the TWENTY years since its famous finale aired Are they all millionaires? PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Got very hands on  'Preggie yoga': Geri Horner shows off her flexibility and her blossoming baby bump as she keeps up her fitness regime during pregnancy  Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Brandon Block is third housemate to be 'edited out' from CBB as it's revealed his £1,000-a-day cocaine habit left him two weeks from death Josie Gibson says her 'life has just begun' now she's had her 6lb 'belly blanket' of loose skin removed after shedding an incredible seven stone  'I would advise him to withdraw': Louise Hazel urges Sir Bradley Wiggins to QUIT The Jump... after cyclist confirms appearance on injury plagued show Tallia Storm showcases her incredible figure in a tiny two piece as she enjoys a stroll on the beach in Barbados with mystery male friend  'He's opening up for the headliners!': Will.i.am claims viewers will desert Gary Barlow's Let It Shine in favour of ITV's The Voice Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Her Baywatch moment 'ITV ought to be ashamed!' Coronation Street viewers left fuming after Eva Price calls cheating boyfriend Aidan Connor a 'b*****d' before 9pm watershed A full moon in broad daylight! Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as she flashes his bare bottom through her car window  Getting cheeky! Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her shock split from girl group Fifth Harmony Out on her own 'I think he helped her along the way': Tina Moore credits Mark Wright for Michelle Keegan's Essex accent in biographical sixties drama Tina And Bobby Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy Welcomed son just a month ago Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video Has Janet Jackson become a Muslim? As the star has her first baby at 50, there's reason to believe she's converted to religion of her Qatari husband Single life suits her! Katie Waissel sizzles in skimpy pink bikini as she frolics on Miami beach... following split with second husband Washing away her woes All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Back in the public eye 'I was born to do this!': Danny Dyer slips into a red frock and huge wig as he transforms into Amy Winehouse for a dragtastic Lip Sync Battle UK performance John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Hopelessly devoted 'Men would be scared of us!': Nicola McLean reveals she wants to do a late-night version of Loose Women with Katie Price after Celebrity Big Brother Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes Starring role 'Make sure you don't talk about me': Jamie O'Hara reveals ex-wife Danielle Lloyd's stark warning over his CBB appearance... and talks marriage regrets Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Pregnant Natalie Portman looks chic in head to toe black as she shows off her growing bump in a tight dress for screening of her new movie Jackie Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet out of Crested Butte Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always looks chic Adam Barlow gets tangled up in Webster sisters' drug scandal as he searches for illegal package in the dark... after Helen Flanagan makes Corrie return 'I didn't mean for you to see me like that!': Ray J is caught by his CBB housemates playing with rubber duckies during bath time Splashing around 'You can't polish a turd!' Casey Batchelor lays into former love rival Jasmine Waltz on TV... as she dismisses the star's chances on CBB EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'a gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Funny girl George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Getting in shape for a wedding? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posing poolside Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Stripped off for another racy shot 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance Princess Michael of Kent looks VERY glamorous as she wraps up in a fur-trimmed coat on a night out at swanky eatery Scott's in London  In-Zayn! TV presenter Bradley Walsh BEATS former One Direction star Malik to be named the UK's biggest selling debut artist of 2016 Shocking outcome Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC... and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Sweet  moment Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA The Deepwater Horizon diva CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring It's back on 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A 'The crowds are hungry for blood': Loose Women stars voice concern for 'vulnerable' Coleen Nolan after she entered CBB house amid marriage crisis Bitter axed contestant Jasmine Lennard claims CBB is 'FIXED' as bosses 'guaranteed her a place in the final' during ill-fated negotiations 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston . Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason 'You think I look like a man? I couldn't disagree more': Chloe Madeley shares a VERY candid message for her online trolls as she unveils her new book EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mum Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds  Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mum Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest at family ceremony   Shirtless Olly Murs shows off his abs as he hits the beach in Barbados wearing kooky swimming shorts Making hearts skip a beat  Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She's certainly a star of the silver screen  Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  What a pad! Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' Moving forward Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant On her side The Commando returns! Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood Looked refreshed after visit 'My everything': Danielle Lloyd shares sweet snaps of her sons... after lashing out at their father Jamie O'Hara during his CBB stint App-y ever after? Perrie Edwards follows footballer 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on Instagram as romance rumours heat up First linked in November Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' Ordered to stay at least 100 yards away He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce The court wranglings have turned nasty That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella Not her most attractive look 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Over after three series Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Social media official She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner in new romance with singer Jake Moved on 'I'm not drinking and I've quit smoking': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson embraces a healthier lifestyle in bid to battle 'rare bladder condition' 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown Part of his recovery Beaming Gemma Arterton nails winter chic in racy leather trousers with shearling shirt as she leaves theatre following Saint Joan performance  Looked sensational Jonathan Rhys Meyers 'becomes a first-time father as he welcomes son Wolf with fiancée Mara Lane' New year's baby  Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson Luckier in love  Thanking her Lucky Stars! Madonna, 58, takes a nasty tumble on the slopes during family ski trip... but her 'toyboy beau, 25,' misses her embarrassing fall Red alert! Ex Made In Chelsea star Kimberley Garner shows off her stunning figure in plunging lace up swimsuit as she hits the beach in Saint Tropez Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Look of love Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Looked sensational Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala Looked youthful and chic in Italian number PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: CBB's Austin Armacost shows off muscles in raunchy nude calendar shoot... as he reveals he's 'asexual' following split from husband 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cosy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Baby rumours  'Sorry, they look disgusting': Charlotte Crosby suffers social media backlash after sharing snap of her plumper lips on Instagram Doutzen Kroes flaunts her impeccably toned abs in a skimpy crop top as she smoulders in sportswear campaign Showed off slim figure Lisa Appleton flashes derrière as she bends over to pick up her shopping in a thong... when she nips out in just her underwear and a loosely-tied gown Social climbing! Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows her flexible side on holiday as she dangles on a pole in a VERY plunging swimsuit Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake Happy together Spencer Matthews and Jake Quickenden buddy up for The Jump training... as it's revealed stunts 'will be pre-recorded to minimise TV injuries' Davina McCall expresses interest in rejoining Celebrity Big Brother fold as Bit On The Side host... months after suggesting the show has 'gone too far' Not just a fling! Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed her ex Marc Anthony wants to 'rekindle romance with singer' . Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance Shared new Instagram Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumoured ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Release of Carrie Fisher's autopsy results delayed by Los Angeles coroner's office one day before she is laid to rest alongside her mother, Debbie Reynolds Chanelle Hayes squeezes her ample assets into a frilly bikini as she shows off her curves... after claiming her weight has left her temporarily infertile Mollie King shows off her incredible figure in a black bandeau bikini as she hits the beach in Jamaica   Soaking up the sunshine  'I'm ready to tell everything!': Ray J reveals he will be spilling the beans on his infamous sex tape with former flame Kim Kardashian on CBB 'Can't beat the winter sun!': Louise Redknapp flaunts her enviable figure in a tiny bikini as she enjoys a post-Christmas break with her family Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Seriously stunning  Proof Claudia's had THAT fringe since schooldays: Strictly co-host shares old photo where she models same style says SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas  Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, 8, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  Not so All-Starry-eyed! Celebrity Big Brother launch night sees staggering drop in viewing figures... as All-Stars and New-Stars concept falls flat Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Keen for collaboration Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Layered up Sophie Dahl looks the traditional English beauty as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts with Jamie Cullum and children Lyra and Margot 'I won't be banging in the loo': Calum Best rules out CBB romp... as it emerges he 'split from Playboy model Lindsey Pelas before show' Set sights on Jasmine  'Great start to 2017!' Coronation Street's Samia Longchambon shares shot of herself kissing husband Sylvain as they ring in New Year on French Alps SPOILER ALERT: Hollyoaks' Warren fears son Joel has been killed in Sienna's disastrous revenge plot as he pulls his lifeless body from burning garage 'If she gets pregnant, then great': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' George Michael's partner is pictured for first time since claiming his Twitter account was 'hacked' after tweets claimed star was suicidal 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video 'Very sad' at loss 'I'll miss you George Michael': James Corden pays tribute to the late pop icon as he recalls filming the first ever Carpool Karaoke with him Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Getting ready  Foul-mouthed Danny Dyer breaks his New Year's resolution to stop swearing after FOUR days as he brands the decision 'f**king b*****ks' Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC Conservative look  Bellissimo! Elisabetta Gregoraci, 36, flaunts her enviable abs and ample assets in tiny bikini while slimline husband Flavio Briatore, 66, works up a sweat Rosie's back! Helen Flanagan films her first Corrie scenes as she reunites with onscreen sister Brooke Vincent for first time in four years for drugs plotline Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry has met Meghan Markle's father who is 'proud' of his daughter's relationship, reveals her brother - and says they are in loved up 'When you only look good from behind!' Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan flaunts her curvy derriere in glittering gold dress at party with pals Flaunted posterior Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot Got her sexy on Stacy Francis and Heidi Pratt have first fight of CBB as 'edited out' housemate accuses Speidi of 'pushing my buttons' It's already kicked off 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go Last minute announcement  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Millie Mackintosh struggles to contain her assets in a stylish navy bikini as she smooches boyfriend Hugo Taylor in the surf in Cape Town 'Every Wolves fan hated him!' Danielle Lloyd hits back at ex-husband Jamie O'Hara... after footballer admits he's doing CBB to pay for their costly divorce 'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Loose-lipped Ross Worswick leads the sexy drama as explosive Ex On The Beach trailer previews the bedding, boozing and brawling of series six Ab-solutely stunning! Model Elyse Knowles flaunts taut abs and ample cleavage in green khaki bikini beachside in Sydney Not shy to show off Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Continued dispute 'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work  Kate Beckinsale looks oh so chic in flirty strapless top while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars in New York Teamed with svelte black trousers Naked Rita Ora gets wet and wild on Snapchat as she films herself while enjoying a bubble bath... as she admits she struggles with body confidence He's a big star! Jamie Foxx wears inflatable sumo wrestler costume for hilarious charades game with Ellen DeGeneres Active mum-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding 'I just want to send an apology': Soulja Boy says sorry for beef with Chris Brown and insists he wants to 'make music with him' Building bridges CBB's James Cosmo becomes the second housemate to feel the wrath of the All Stars as he's 'edited out' alongside Stacy Francis New twist 'The whole room was willing you to win!' Celebrity Big Brother star Stacy Francis wins high praise from Cheryl during in throwback X Factor USA audition clip Bikini-clad Jennifer Hawkins reveals taut torso and trim pins on board Sydney yacht but suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she tugs down on her triangle top 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Broke online silence Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media with family snap Ever-shrinking Tina Malone attends a liposuction clinic in Liverpool as she begins treatment to tone up her legs after shedding 12 stone 'I was nervous!': Kara Tointon reveals her cheeky bare bum scene in The Halcyon was 'all her' as the actress' 'stunning figure' receives rave reviews New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a bright figure Jess Impiazzi flashes her toned stomach in tiny sports bra and funky leggings as she heads to gym in Manchester No festive bloat here Playing with fire! Stunning actress Eva Longoria, 41, sizzles in red hot bathing suit as she enjoys luxurious cruise during holiday in Mexico  'She's the only one I trust': Emma Thompson, 57, dropped from size 14 to a 10 in just six weeks, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge's diet guru  Furry glamorous! Naomi Campbell wraps up in a luxurious coat as she hints at writing an autobiography during Today visit Epitome of glamour '22 weeks today': Love Island's Cally Jane Beech proudly displays her blossoming baby bump as she admits she can't wait to meet her baby girl Carol Vorderman is crowned the nation's favourite over-50 beach body pipping Halle Berry and Liz Hurley to the post It sums up The good wife! Michelle Keegan balances a baby with domestic duties in episode two of new drama Tina and Bobby Slipped into perfect housewife role GBBO champ Candice Brown looks winter chic in a mini dress teamed with a slick of her signature lippie as she heads to meetings for her new TV career Animal magic! MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts slim figure in sizzling swimwear as she enjoys romantic break with beau Ryan Libbey in the Maldives No need for beauty sleep! Emma Willis looks picture perfect in a punk-inspired ensemble at The Voice UK launch hours after CBB appearance Billy Bush poses with book, 'A**holes: A Theory' and jokes it was written about him in new Instagram, three months after Donald Trump recording was leaked 'Let's hope she's kinder this year!' Stephen Bear SLAMS CBB host Emma Willis after claiming it took 'three months of rehab' to recover from grilling 'What is this? CBB USA?': Fans slam Channel 5 for featuring mostly Americans on Celebrity Big Brother as Ray J, Jasmine Waltz and Speidi enter house 'I lost quite a bit in my divorce': Jamie O'Hara admits he's doing Celebrity Big Brother for the money after costly split from ex-wife Danielle Lloyd EXCLUSIVE: 'It's all going to kick off': Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban IS returning to the CBB house for an 'explosive' showdown with her sex tape partner Ray J Jeremy Clarkson's daughter Emily rants about 'unrealistic' photos on social media - and proves her point with a VERY honest make-up free selfie Michelle Dockery is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she strips off for raunchy sex scene with co-star  Todd Williams in new drama Good Behaviour Kylie Jenner denies posting 'very personal' details about 'lingerie and toys' sex life with Tyga... and quits working on her paid app That's awkward Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham flashes her skimpy bikini and toned legs under sheer kaftan as she enjoys Barbados getaway Holidays aren't over yet 'It scares me every single time!' Connie Britton admits she fears singing but still feels 'it's been the most exciting part of' Nashville On the night feeds? New dad Russell Brand appears worn out as he enjoys low-key stroll... after welcoming daughter Mabel two months ago She's an ace! Maria Sharapova shows off fabulously toned physique in tiny black bikini as suspended tennis pro vacations in Hawaii From Dad's Army to The Office, are these the best TV one-liners EVER? 100 comedians pick British television's best jokes - so, which is your favourite? 'I wouldn't rule it out': Susanna Reid, 46, admits she'd consider having a baby at 50 like new mum Janet Jackson during debate with Piers Morgan 'Thank you Snoop Dogg!': Willie Nelson receives ultimate Christmas sweater from fellow pot enthusiast Feeling in high spirits during the holidays Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots Keeping him distracted from losing team Nadia Sawalha is 'sickened' by explicit messages sent to a NINE-YEAR-OLD as she teams up with paedophile hunters for Loose Women 'Baby can't stop kicking!' Pregnant Amy Childs flaunts her naked bump in sweet Instagram snap as she gushes about 'amazing feeling' Calum Best calls in his mum, Kim K's ex plugs their sex tape and the housemates can't stop swearing: Prepare to be shocked by Celebrity Big Brother's'All-Stars' Nicola McLean 'almost quit CBB hours before the show started'... but still returns to the TV house, calling footballer husband 'a d***' after marriage troubles  'Did Katie Price just say she was six months pregnant'? Star sparks baby debate among CBB BOTS viewers as she brings up THAT sex tape with Dane Bowers EXCLUSIVE: Newly-single Charlotte Crosby announces online dating return after yet another failed romance... as she sizzles in naughty or nice shoot Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds will be laid to rest in a private family ceremony ahead of public memorial 'where Meryl Streep will lead the tributes' Diary disaster! Kylie Jenner's 2017 calendar prints the WRONG date of the reality star's own birthday... 10 days too late One to remember It's a boy! 'Thrilled' Janet Jackson gives birth to her first child at FIFTY Star and her husband welcomed their son Eissa Al Mana Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Blue Sky Innovation Technology The inside story of Apple's $14 billion tax bill Apple Mark Lennihan / AP A person stands near the Apple logo at the company's store in Grand Central Terminal, in New York. The European Union's crackdown on corporate tax avoidance has landed on Apple with its demand that the U.S. tech giant pay Ireland up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) plus interest in back taxes. A person stands near the Apple logo at the company's store in Grand Central Terminal, in New York. The European Union's crackdown on corporate tax avoidance has landed on Apple with its demand that the U.S. tech giant pay Ireland up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) plus interest in back taxes. (Mark Lennihan / AP) Gaspard Sebag, Dara Doyle and Alex WebbBloomberg "The Maxforce" is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple Inc., rattled the Irish government, and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn't. It's just led by a guy named Max. A European Commission official gave the nickname to the Task Force on Tax Planning Practices in honor of its chief, Max Lienemeyer, a lanky, laid-back German attorney who rose to prominence vetting plans to shore up struggling banks during Europe's debt crisis. Since its launch in 2013, the Maxforce has looked at the tax status of hundreds of companies across Europe, including a deal Starbucks had in the Netherlands, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles's agreement with Luxembourg, and — its largest case — Apple in Ireland. Lienemeyer's team of 15 international civil servants pursued a three-year investigation stretching from the corridors of the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, to Ireland's Finance Ministry and on to Apple's leafy headquarters in Cupertino, California. Much of it outlined for the first time here, this story chronicles a growing clash between Europe and the U.S. and a shift in the EU's approach to the tax affairs of multinationals. The Maxforce concluded that Ireland allowed Apple to create stateless entities that effectively let it decide how much — or how little — tax it pays. The investigators say the company channeled profits from dozens of countries through two Ireland-based units. In a system at least tacitly endorsed by Irish authorities, earnings were split, with the vast majority attributed to a "head office" with no employees and no specific home base — and therefore liable to no tax on any profits from sales outside Ireland. The U.S., meanwhile, didn't tax the units because they're incorporated in Ireland. —  In August the EU said Ireland had broken European law by giving Apple a sweetheart deal. It ordered the country to bill the iPhone maker a record 13 billion euros ($13.9 billion) in back taxes, plus interest, from 2003 to 2014. One example the Commission cites: In 2011, a unit called Apple Sales International recorded profits of about 16 billion euros from sales outside the U.S. But only 50 million euros were considered taxable in Ireland, leaving 15.95 billion euros of profit untaxed, the Commission says. Though the EU says its goal is "to ensure equal treatment of companies" across Europe, Apple maintains that the Commission selectively targeted the company. With the ruling, the EU is "retroactively changing the rules and choosing to disregard decades of Irish law," and its investigators don't understand the differences between European and U.S. tax systems, Apple said in a Dec. 8 statement. European Union orders Apple to pay nearly $15 billion in back taxes Tribune news services The European Union ordered Apple on Tuesday to pay nearly $15 billion in back taxes to Ireland, plus billions more in interest, in a move that dramatically escalates the fight over whether America's biggest corporations are paying their fair share around the world. While Apple could easily afford... The European Union ordered Apple on Tuesday to pay nearly $15 billion in back taxes to Ireland, plus billions more in interest, in a move that dramatically escalates the fight over whether America's biggest corporations are paying their fair share around the world. While Apple could easily afford... (Tribune news services) Apple, which has some 6,000 workers in Ireland, says its Irish units paid the parent company a licensing fee to use the intellectual property in its products. The Irish companies didn't own the IP, so they don't owe tax on it in Ireland, Apple says, but the units will face a U.S. tax bill when they repatriate the profits. "This case has never been about how much tax Apple pays, it's about where our tax is paid," the company said. "We pay tax on everything we earn." Ireland on Nov. 9 appealed the Commission's ruling at the EU General Court in Luxembourg, arguing it has given Apple no special treatment. Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan has said he "profoundly disagrees" with the ruling and that Ireland strictly adheres to tax regulations. The government says Ireland has no right to tax non-resident companies for profits that come from activities outside the country. "Look at the small print" on an iPhone, Noonan said after the EU released its ruling in August. "It says designed in California, manufactured in China. That means any profits that accrued didn't accrue in Ireland, so I can't see why the tax liability is in Ireland." In the coming weeks, the EU is expected to publish details of the Maxforce investigation. At about the same time, Apple will likely lodge its own appeal in the EU court. Though Apple will have to pay its tax bill within weeks, the money will be held in escrow, and the issue will probably take years to be resolved. This story is based on interviews with dozens of officials from the EU, Ireland, and Apple, though most didn't want to speak on the record discussing sensitive tax matters. A Maxforce representative declined to make Lienemeyer available for an interview. Ireland's Office of Revenue Commissioners (the equivalent of the American Internal Revenue Service) says it can't comment on specific companies. — Lienemeyer began assembling the Maxforce in late spring of 2013 with a mandate of scrutinizing tax policies across Europe in search of any favoritism. Direct subsidies or tax breaks to court a specific company are illegal in the EU to prevent governments aiding national champions. His first hire — the person who would oversee the Apple probe — was Helena Malikova, a Slovak who had worked at Credit Suisse Group in Zurich. He quickly added Kamila Kaukiel, a Polish financial analyst who had been at KPMG, and Saskia Hendriks, a former tax policy adviser to the Dutch government. As the four initial members began their investigations, they got a head start from a U.S. Senate probe of the tax strategies of American multinationals. The Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said Apple shifted tens of billions of dollars in profit into stateless affiliates based in Ireland, where it secured a tax rate of less than 2 percent. At 9:30 a.m. on May 21, 2013, senators gathered in Room 106 of the Dirksen Office Building. Included in the evidence presented that day was a 2004 letter from Tom Connor, an official at Ireland's tax authority, to Ernst & Young, Apple's tax adviser. Connor's question: A unit of the tech company hadn't filed a tax return; Was it still in business? E&Y responded two days later that the division was a non-resident holding company with no real sales. "There is nothing to return from the corporation tax standpoint," E&Y wrote. The Senate exhibits didn't include Connor's response if there ever was one. At the hearing, Arizona Republican John McCain castigated Apple as "one of the biggest tax avoiders in America." Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan peered over the glasses perched on the tip of his nose and said Apple uses "offshore tax strategies whose purpose is tax avoidance, pure and simple." Crucially, though, Levin told the crowded room that under U.S. law, there was little the panel could do to force Apple to pay more tax. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook passionately defended the company's actions, telling the senators "We don't depend on tax gimmicks." The Senate revelations raised eyebrows at the Maxforce's office in Madou Tower, a 1960s high-rise in the rundown Saint-Josse neighborhood of Brussels. Three weeks after the Senate hearing, Lienemeyer's team asked Ireland for details of Apple's tax situation. The Irish tax authorities soon dispatched a representative carrying a briefcase filled with a bundle of bound pages. The Irish could have simply sent the material via e-mail, but they were cautious about sharing taxpayer's information with the EU and have a ground rule to avoid leaks: never send such documents electronically. Michael Noonan Aidan Crawley / Bloomberg Michael Noonan, Ireland's finance minister, following a Bloomberg Television interview in Dublin, Ireland, on Aug. 30, 2016.  Michael Noonan, Ireland's finance minister, following a Bloomberg Television interview in Dublin, Ireland, on Aug. 30, 2016.  (Aidan Crawley / Bloomberg) While the Irish government remained bullish in its public statements, saying Apple hadn't received any favors, behind the scenes tensions were rising. Through the summer of 2013, the Finance Ministry assured government ministers that the EU investigation would amount to nothing, according to people familiar with the discussions. But those assertions seemed less confident than earlier communications. There was a sense that Apple had worked out its Irish tax position in a vastly different era, and no one remembered many details of the negotiations decades earlier. In 1980, the four-year-old company — the Apple III desktop had just been released — created several Irish affiliates, each with a different function such as manufacturing or sales, according to the Senate report. Under Irish laws dating to the 1950s designed to shore up the moribund post-war economy, as a so-called export company Apple paid no taxes on overseas sales of products made in Ireland. To comply with European rules, Ireland finally ended its zero-tax policy in 1990. After that, Apple and Ireland agreed that the profit attributed to a key Ireland-based unit, the division discussed in Tom Connor's letter, be capped using a complex formula that in 1990 would have resulted in a taxable profit of $30 million to $40 million. An Apple tax adviser "confessed there was no scientific basis" for those figures, but that the amounts would be "of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen as a bona-fide proposal," according to notes from a 1990 meeting with the Irish tax authority cited by the EU. The equation didn't change even as Apple began assembling the bulk of its products in Asia. Ireland and Apple started to make changes a few months after the Maxforce began looking into their tax relationship. In October 2013, Finance Minister Noonan announced he would close the loophole that let stateless holding companies operate out of Ireland. The EU says Apple changed the structure of its Irish units in 2015. As the Maxforce stepped up its probe in June 2014, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny was wooing potential investors in California. At a San Francisco event to promote Irish entrepreneurs, Governor Jerry Brown quipped that he had thought Apple "was a California company," but according to tax returns, "they're really an Irish company." News clips show Irish officials looking on stony-faced as the governor makes his jest. — With Lienemeyer's team digging further into the issue, Apple's concern deepened. In January 2016, CEO Cook met with Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief — and Lienemeyer's ultimate boss — on the 10th-floor of the Berlaymont building, the institutional headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels. Vestager, a daughter of two Lutheran pastors, has a reputation for being even-handed but tough, cutting unemployment benefits while advocating strict new rules for banks when she served as Denmark's finance minister. While she has acknowledged that her team had little experience with tax rulings — in a November interview with France's Society magazine, she said, "We learned on the job" — Vestager says enforcement of EU rules on taxation is a matter of "fairness." In the meeting with Cook she quizzed him on the tax Apple paid in various jurisdictions worldwide. She told the Apple executives that "someone has to tax you," according to a person present at the meeting. In a Jan. 25 follow-up letter obtained by Bloomberg, Cook thanked Vestager for a "candid and constructive exchange of views," and reasserted that Apple's earnings are "subject to deferred taxation in the U.S. until those profits are repatriated." Subsequent correspondence became more heated. On March 14, Cook wrote to Vestager that he had "concerns about the fairness of these proceedings." The Commission had failed to explain fully the basis on which Apple was being investigated, and the body's approach was characterized by "inconsistency and ambiguity," Cook said. Margrethe Vestager Jasper Juinen / Bloomberg Margrethe Vestager, the competition commissioner of the European Commission, at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, on Sept. 14, 2016. Margrethe Vestager, the competition commissioner of the European Commission, at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, on Sept. 14, 2016. (Jasper Juinen / Bloomberg) Apple contended that the EU had backtracked on a 2014 decision recognizing that its two Irish subsidiaries were not technically resident in Ireland, and therefore only liable for taxes on profits derived from Irish sources. Now, Cook said, it seemed the Commission was intent on "imposing a massive, retroactive tax on Apple by attributing to the Irish branches all of Apple's global profits outside the Americas." "There is no inconsistency," an EU spokesman said in a Dec. 15 statement. Only a fraction of the profits of the subsidiaries were taxed in Ireland, the statement said. "As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules." Cook's entreaties did little to sway Vestager, and in August she phoned Noonan to tell him the results of the Maxforce investigation: The Commission was going to rule against Ireland. Late in the afternoon of Aug. 29, Irish officials began hinting to reporters that Apple's tax bill amounted to billions and "could be anything." At noon the following day, Vestager told a packed press conference in Brussels that the Commission had decided Apple owed Ireland 13 billion euros. Though that would be equivalent to 26 percent of the 2015 national budget, Ireland didn't want the windfall, saying the ruling was flawed because the country hadn't given Apple any special treatment. The decision sparked a political crisis as left-leaning members of Enda Kenny's fragile minority administration saw a potential bonanza for taxpayers that the world's richest company could well afford. Even as Noonan toured television studios vowing to appeal the decision, independent lawmakers demanded that Ireland take the money. Facing a potential revolt that could bring down the government, Kenny and Noonan eventually bowed to demands for a review of the country's corporate tax system. But they said they would fight the case, and on Sept. 7, Irish lawmakers overwhelmingly backed the motion for an appeal. Officials from Lienemeyer's team and other EU offices say they have gathered tax information on about 300 companies, looking for what they deem to be favorable treatment by governments across Europe. While they don't expect all of those to yield payoffs as hefty as that from their investigation of Ireland and Apple, they say a worrying number require the kind of maximum force that the Maxforce can apply. "We focus on outliers where you're looking at something that is off the radar screen," Lienemeyer's boss, 50-year-old Dutchman Gert-Jan Koopman, who is in charge of state-aid enforcement at the EU, said at a Brussels conference in November. "If you're paying a fair amount of tax then there is absolutely nothing to worry about." Bloomberg's Stephanie Bodoni and Aoife White contributed. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Europe Apple Inc. European Union Tim Cook Carl Levin Enda Kenny Apple iPhone Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 4°
Share 49 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade Entertainment 2017-01-05 ‘Sherlock’ Actress Amanda Abbington’s Cryptic Tweet Could Mean Mary Is Still Alive News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 Rumors: Will Apple’s Next Smartphone Actually Be Called The ‘iPhone 7s’ Instead? Mobile 49 0 0 December 17, 2016 iPhone 8 Rumors: Will Apple’s Next Smartphone Actually Be Called The ‘iPhone 7s’ Instead? Daryl Deino Apple’s next iPhone is being referred to as the iPhone 8, but according to CNET, it could be called the iPhone 7s instead. CNET sites a blog that is printed in Japanese. “Japanese Apple blog Macotakara reports the 10th anniversary iPhone will in fact be called the iPhone 7s, however, which would be consistent with Apple’s convention for models the introduced in odd-numbered years.” The article adds that Apple could certainly release an iPhone 7s as well as an iPhone 8 next year. They note that Apple is expected to introduce three models — one with a 4.7-inch LCD display, one with a 5.5-inch LCD display, and a higher-end model with an OLED display. Forbes talks about a new patent Apple has filed that could give us more hints about Apple’s next smartphone. “This patent describes a technique where touch sensors can be placed around any side of a device allowing for new input sources. The patent also notes that physical buttons (such as the volume controls) could be replaced by these embedded touch sensors,” says Forbes contributor Ewan Spence, who summarizes that Apple could drop the current buttons to turn towards touch-enabled areas on the device for the existing UI. The current iPhone does not have wireless charging. [Image by Daryl Deino] According to Tech Times, the iPhone 8 may have what Samsung devices have provided for years — wireless charging. “Apple may adopt an all-glass design for the iPhone 8…Presently, iPhone casings are made of metal. Shifting to glass will allow the iPhone 8 to feature faster wireless charging, since metal-cased smartphones cap wireless charging speeds.” The article adds that the wireless chargers are rumored to be manufactured by Pagatron, a Taiwanese tech company. It is not known whether or not Apple will ship the phone with a wireless charger. However, given Apple’s past, many think it will be something that Apple sells separately. Tech Times also says that Apple may include a 3D dual-lens camera with the new iPhone, or at least the Plus version. They cite reports that Apple has been working with LG to develop a smartphone camera module capable of 3D photography. However, people should take this particular rumor with a grain of salt. The failed 3D era is pretty much over — this might have been something Apple would have considered in 2011. Twitter continues to go crazy for the iPhone 8, even though it’s likely not going to be released for several months. im so excited for the iphone 8 im already sick of my 7 plus ???????? — ???? (@surfborting) December 1, 2016 So I'm going to wait to get the iPhone 8 because I know is going to be amazing. Specially cause it'll be the 10th year anniversary for ???? — Pedro Antonio ???? (@pedrooam1) December 7, 2016 Apple better be producing a killer device because it looks like they might have some competition from Microsoft, who will likely release the Surface Phone during the first half of 2017. According to Trusted Reviews, the Surface Phone will run a full version of Windows 10. The Microsoft Surface Phone could give Apple a lot of competition in 2017. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] “Microsoft has teamed up with Qualcomm to bring the full Windows 10 desktop experience to smartphones and other mobile devices, courtesy of Snapdragon chips. Microsoft has had very limited success with mobile, struggling to acquire any meaningful amount of market share.” The article adds that Apple and Google are currently dominating the industry and that Microsoft is under huge pressure to deliver a successful smartphone. It adds that the Surface Phone could be released during the first half of 2017, will have a 5.7-inch display, and will cost as much as $1,100. Which smartphone would you rather have — the iPhone 8 or the Surface Phone? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section. [Featured Image by Levent Kulu/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10 & Nexus 6 Share 49 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, Microsoft Surface Phone January 4, 2017 Ed Sheeran Breaks Performance Hiatus And Social Media Silence One Year Later, Singer Embroiled In Two Legal Battles January 4, 2017 Guy Ritchie’s Upcoming Projects: ‘Treasure Island’ And Live-Action ‘Aladdin’ View full timeline 10 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype 1 day ago Huawei: Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Will Come Pre-Loaded On Mate 9 Androids In US Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Yuri on Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love on Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Eagle Cam In Florida: Second Egg Not Expected To Hatch — But More Eagle Cam Sites Are Preparing For Eggs Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10 & Nexus 6 Designer Stefano Gabbana Says ‘Don’t Call Me Gay!’ Defends Praise Of Melania Trump Rita Ora Exudes Body Confidence, Admits She’s ‘Not Perfect’ One Direction Babies: Soon Liam Payne And Cheryl Cole Will Have A Child And Louis Tomlinson Shows Off Freddie Amy Duggar Shares Jim Bob’s Reaction to ‘Marriage Boot Camp,’ Reveals Whether Famous Family Will Watch Show Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.2k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 0 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Mobile Phones Motorola Best Cell Phone Repair Options for the United States Best Cell Phone Repair Options for the United States Categories Mobile PhonesAuthor by Adam December 17, 2016 1,287 0 Whenever you buy a new smartphone, one of the first areas to take a hit will be the frame or the display. Services like CPR Phone Repair and iCracked can lend a hand, and we’re here to tell you your best options if your handset gets damaged after your warrant is up. At any given moment, there are millions of folks looking for cell phone repair nearby. The more popular handsets have become, the bigger cell phone repair biz has gotten. In the early days, you would send your smartphone off to the carrier or manufacturer, but now shops like the Apple Store, Cellairis, and CPR Phone Repair can speed things up. We’re going to focus on one region for now, and let you know the best cell phone repair services for the states. The Options First up is Android, as they don’t have their own shops like Apple aficionados. CPR Phone Repair is probably one of the two top options for the states. They have locations in several different countries and around 275 shops in the U.S. alone. That should cover most folks, and their repairs aren’t just limited to Android smartphones. The can also tackle iPhone repair, iPods, iPads, Android slates and general gadget repair as well. Next up is Cellairis, which you may have stumbled across in a Walmart or two. They don’t cover as many options as CPR phone repair, but still handle Android, Apple and other brands of phone. JCD or Jet City Device Repair is another solid choice worth of a spot in our Best Cell Phone Repair list. They mainly focus on Samsung and iPhone repair, but also have the LG G series listed along with the Chromebook. Their options aren’t as vast, but they have good ratings in the cell phone repair reviews. If you own an Apple-branded device, your best bet is always going to be the Apple Store more often than not. You’ll have to jump through a few hoops, but the process can be quick and painless with same day service depending on the issue. That’s unless they are booked, which can happen during busy times and new releases. An iPhone replacement will get you out of the door quickly, but if you need to go off the beaten pack iCracked is going to be an option. iCracked like the Apple Stores is a global affair, but not as massive as the latter obviously. They do have 11 countries covered however and over 5,000 techs on hand to fix your broken iPhone 7. Needless to say, you if you’re looking for cell phone repair near me, iCracked is a fine option for Apple fans and lives up to their name when it comes to screen repair. They also work on the Galaxy series, so don’t let their name fool you. Whether you are looking for cell phone repair locally or abroad, the options in our list should have you covered. A solid smartphone case and screen protector are always your first line of defense, but it’s always great to have a choice once your warranty runs out. Have you tried iCracked, CPR phone repair or any of the other services in our list? Tags Apple StoreCellairisCPR Cell Phone RepairiCrackedJCDRepairssmartphone Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Coolpad Cool Changer S1 launched with Harman Audio and Snapdragon 821 Next article Next post: Hot Deal Alert: Lumia 950 XL price drops to $299 Adam Adam is a techie, who loves new gadgets and all things Westeros. Android is his OS of choice, and Pizza is his nemesis. Lava X50+ lands in India with Rs. 8,699 price tag December 17, 2016 Oppo F1s variant arrives with upgraded specs for Rs. 18,990 December 17, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design launches in January with 6GB of RAM December 17, 2016 Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts iPhone 8 Tap to Wake feature just one possibility Huawei P10 Edge renders show a sleek device Samsung Chromebook Pro release date set for February Misfit Vapor Smartwatch announced with touchscreen display Huawei Mate 9 release for US confirmed as Jan 6 Nokia E1 specifications reveal a mid-range handset Polaroid Pop camera can print photos on the Fly Xiaomi Mi 6 Mix Concept phone appears with Retractable Camera Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 vs HTC 11 anticipation factor Oukitel U7 Plus Review Recent Comments Govind Tiwari on Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 released as Flipkart exclusive for Rs. 10,499 December 26, 2016 XBURK on BlackBerry Mercury design leak shows an interesting approach December 24, 2016 Adam on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 21, 2016 Jonas on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 19, 2016 James on New Real Racing 3 update, some problems reported December 18, 2016 Featured Posts Turbo League game borrows a page from Rocket League January 6, 2017 Coolpad Conjr announced with 3GB of RAM for $180 January 6, 2017 Huawei P10 Edge renders show a sleek device January 6, 2017 Nokia E1 specifications reveal a mid-range handset January 6, 2017 Misfit Vapor Smartwatch announced with touchscreen display January 6, 2017 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Turbo League game borrows a page from Rocket League January 6 2017 Coolpad Conjr announced with 3GB of RAM for $180 January 6 2017 Huawei P10 Edge renders show a sleek device January 6 2017 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Niantic Says Pokémon GO for Apple Watch is 'Coming Soon' Following Cancellation Hoax Saturday December 17, 2016 7:15 PM PST by Joe Rossignol Over the weekend, an image of a fake email circulated on Reddit which appeared to claim Pokémon GO for Apple Watch had been abandoned. A subsequent report, citing "a source with knowledge of the plans," said development of the companion Apple Watch app had indeed been shelved. Pokémon GO developer Niantic confirmed the image in the Reddit post "is not real" in a statement sent to TechCrunch and Recode, and debunked the subsequent report in the process by noting development of the companion Apple Watch app continues, as it has since before the app was announced in September. Pokémon GO also confirmed on Twitter that the Apple Watch app is "coming soon." Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.— Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 Rene Ritchie at iMore, citing "a couple sources," believes Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is "still on track for a 2016 launch." #pokemongo for Apple Watch is still on track for release. Looking forward to it! (Checked with a couple sources. They’re all excited.)— Rene Ritchie 🖇 (@reneritchie) December 17, 2016 Ritchie believes Apple and Niantic are likely taking the time to ensure Pokémon GO's integration with the Apple Watch is done right. So where is it? There's a certain amount of complexity involved in making Pokémon Go for Apple Watch. It ties into both the Apple Watch Workout system, which means you'll get credit towards your activity goals while out catching Pokémon, and HealthKit, which syncs all the information. The latter especially has some of the most involved privacy systems Apple has ever deployed, and my guess is Niantic and Apple are taking the time to make sure all that integration is done right.Pokémon GO for Apple Watch was unveiled at an Apple media event in September. Skip to the 25:20 mark in the video below. The app will provide Pokémon GO players with at-a-glance information, such as how far they need to walk to hatch a particular egg. The main screen shows the player's current level and XP remaining to get to the next. Pokémon GO walks are recorded in Workouts, helping players achieve their Activity goals. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Tag: Pokémon GO Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Caution) 52 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Porco 3 weeks ago I still love seeing '#pokemongo'. Poor Mongo, always getting poked. Rating: 11 Votes BrodieApple 3 weeks ago The fad died already, 4-6 weeks after launch. Now only the true nerds remain, and even truer nerds will use it on their :apple:watch. I think it's more nerdy to whine on an online forum over people getting exercise and having fun with friends playing a game :) Rating: 10 Votes ChrisTX 3 weeks ago I own an Apple Watch and I have mixed feelings about it. Part of me really wants it. Sounds something cool and convenient to have, considering I play Pokémon GO on a regular basis. But I also don't want my Apple Watch's battery life to be worse than it already is... So I don't know. The app will allow you to use your daily steps toward hatching eggs so you don't need to have the app open to do so and so your daily step count doesn't go to waste. Rating: 7 Votes gigapocket1 3 weeks ago Didn't know people still played this game Rating: 7 Votes VanillaCracker 3 weeks ago I think it's more nerdy to whine on an online forum over people getting exercise and having fun with friends playing a game :) Fair point. We're all nerds here. They're still more nerdy though :p Rating: 6 Votes VanillaCracker 3 weeks ago The fad died already, 4-6 weeks after launch. Now only the true nerds remain, and even truer nerds will use it on their :apple:watch. Rating: 5 Votes Roadstar 3 weeks ago The fad died already, 4-6 weeks after launch. Now only the true nerds remain, and even truer nerds will use it on their :apple:watch. Well, at least I'm eager to unlock my "even truer nerd" achievement :) Rating: 4 Votes BrodieApple 3 weeks ago Exercise or not, still a game for 12 year olds. That's an opinion. People of all ages can enjoy what they like. Rating: 4 Votes Iconoclysm 3 weeks ago The fad died already, 4-6 weeks after launch. Now only the true nerds remain, and even truer nerds will use it on their :apple:watch. The people I know who play this game are very casual gamers, all of them professionals. But they live in cities, and have pokestops all around them. As far as the "fad" goes, it's still got some absurd number of active players, 30 million I believe. [doublepost=1482044412][/doublepost] Exercise or not, still a game for 12 year olds. Show me a game that isn't for 12 year olds? Games are games, you either have fun or you don't. Rating: 3 Votes vertsix 3 weeks ago I own an Apple Watch and I have mixed feelings about it. Part of me really wants it. Sounds something cool and convenient to have, considering I play Pokémon GO on a regular basis. But I also don't want my Apple Watch's battery life to be worse than it already is... So I don't know. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 36 minutes ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 2 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 3 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 23 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 137 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 376 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' Developer PSA: Don't Forget to Submit Your Games to the IndiePlus 2017 Contest to Potentially Win $10,000 AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Apple analyst Gene Munster exits on a positive note Aaron Pressman, Fortune December 17, 2016 11:01 PM Tags: Apple, Fortune, Gene Munster Above: Gene Munster, center. Image Credit: Fortune Live Media/Flickr Gene Munster, the best known of all Wall Street analysts who follow Apple, wrote his 874th and final research note on the company Thursday night, predicting more big things from the tech giant. Apple was a much smaller company over 12 years ago when Munster wrote his first note, The Apple Option—Predicting Another Revolution, urging investors to buy the stock. Adjusted for later stock splits, the price was under $2 a share (it’s now at almost $116). No one outside of Apple had an inkling about the iPhone, but the iPod was just taking off. “Apple’s early success with the iPod will be a catalyst for transformation to an Apple with a core focus on the ways in which the market for peripheral devices can be expanded,” Munster wrote as he began to cover the company for Minneapolis brokerage firm Piper Jaffray. Given that the shares steadily rose more than 50-fold to a 2012 peak, it was one the great calls in the history of the stock market. As Munster had predicted, computers became less and less important as Apple rode the wave of the iPod and then the iPhone to record profits. Munster occasionally went off track, such as with his 2012 prediction that Apple would become the first company with a $1 trillion market cap (it’s at $622 billion today) or his misguided obsession that the company would sell a TV set. But he remained one of the most reliable financial analysts over his career. Bloomberg ranked the accuracy of his forecasts 11th out of the 58 analysts who covered the company over the past year. In a final note before starting a new tech investing firm of their own, Munster and his partner Doug Clinton assessed Apple’s efforts to convince investors that it should be more highly valued due to its recurring revenues from services like iTunes music and iCloud online storage. “Since I started covering Apple in 2004, the two core concerns from investors have always been unit growth and innovation,” Munster wrote. “Not much has changed since 2004 despite the evolution of the business from PC to mobile and not much will change if they are not successful in making Services a bigger part of the story.” Still seen as a hardware vendor, and one in the often fickle and faddish mobile phone business, Apple’s stock price trades at only 14 times its profits per share. Tech companies seen as primarily selling software and services are more highly valued per dollar of profit. Google trades at a P/E ratio of 29, Microsoft at 30, and Salesforce at 238. To reach critical mass in investors’ view, revenue just from services would need to be at least 30% to 50% of Apple’s overall revenue, up from just 13% of overall revenue last quarter. That may require radical new strategies, like selling much cheaper hardware or including services and devices in one bundled price, Munster mused. “We don’t know what the right answer is, but feel confident the management team will figure out the best forward path to optimize the Services story,” he wrote. As he prepared for a new life in venture capital this week, Munster’s ultimate take was still optimistic, however. “The company can recreate that magical feeling with some future product and will enjoy watching the stock rise when they do,” he wrote. And for the record, he still rated the shares “outperform” with a price target of $155. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2016 ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Apple owes $2 million for not giving workers meal breaks by Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo December 15, 2016: 1:24 PM ET Tim Cook's Apple: 5 years in Apple has been ordered to cut a $2 million check for denying some of its retail workers meal breaks. The lawsuit was first filed in 2011 by four Apple employees in San Diego. They alleged that the company failed to give them meal and rest breaks, and didn't pay them in a timely manner, among other complaints. California law requires employers to give hourly workers a 30 minute meal break if they're working more than five hours a day. They're also require to provide 10 minute breaks for every four hours worked. In 2013, the case became a class action lawsuit that included California employees who had worked at Apple between 2007 and 2012, approximately 21,000 people. Apple made changes to its scheduling policy in 2012. Related: Apple Store employees tell Tim Cook: We're treated like criminals Jeffrey Hogue, one of the attorneys who represented the class action, said the $2 million verdict came down last Friday -- but Apple could owe more money. The second half of the case is expected to conclude next week, Hogue told CNNMoney. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) did not immediately reply for request for comment. It's unclear how much of the $2 million will go to the workers. If divided evenly, it would be just $95 per employee, but it's likely some of the money will go toward attorney fees. The complaint says Apple's culture of secrecy keeps employees from talking about the company's poor working conditions. "If [employees] so much as discuss the various labor policies, they run the risk of being fired, sued or disciplined," the complaint reads. CNNMoney (New York) First published December 15, 2016: 1:24 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending A record 75 straight months of job growth under Obama Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay 15% for missing sales goals Repealing Obamacare could cost 3 million jobs, study finds Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale: Xiaomi Redmi 3S prime, Moto E3 Power and other top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart's pre-Christmas sale -- Big Shopping Days will start from December 18 and conclude on December 21. Rohit KVN   December 18, 2016 11:52 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Flipkart Big Shopping Days saleFlipkart via Twitter Flipkart's much publicised Big Shopping Days sale just got underway in the wee hours of December 18 in India. Like previous times, the e-commerce firm's three-day pre-Christmas holiday sale promises huge discounts and exchange deals on popular phone brands including Xiaomi, Apple, Samsung, Lenovo (& Motorola), Asus and LG among others. Further, Flipkart in collaboration with banking partners is giving additional discounts and also interest-free EMI (Easy Monthly Installment) offers on select smartphone models.[ Note: Big Shopping Days concludes on December 21] Also read: Amazon Prime Video goes live in India; 3 reasons that will make it a hit Here's a list of top smartphone deals you should not miss: Flagship phones- Flat 32 % (Rs. 9,000) off OnePlus 3 (Soft Gold, 64GB, New price: Rs. 18,999 after savings) Flat Rs. 7,000 off on Apple iPhone 6 (space grey, 16GB) Up to Rs. 25,000 off on Google Pixel phone series via exchange deal Up to Rs. 20,000 off on LG G5 + No Cost EMI (Price: Rs. 38,990) Up to Rs. 20,000 off on Apple iPhone 7 series + No Cost EMI Also read: Moto M goes on sale exclusively on Flipkart; early-bird buyers to get lucrative discounts, exchange offers and more Mid-range phones- Flat Rs. 1,500 off on LeEco Le 2 Flat Rs. 1,000 off on LeEco Le 1s Eco (Gold, 32GB) Flat Rs. 1,000 on Asus Zenfone 3 Max Flat Rs. 1,000 off on Huawei Honor 5C Flat Rs. 1,000 off on Lenovo Phab 2 Flat Rs. 1,000 on HTC Desire 820G+ (Santorini White, 16GB) Flat Rs. 1,590 off on Samsung Galaxy On Nxt Flat Rs. 1,500 off on Samsung Galaxy On8 Flat Rs. 4,000 off on Asus Zenfone 3 Laser Flat Rs. 5,000 off on Xiaomi Mi 4 Flat Rs. 2,500 off on Moto G(3rd Gen) Turbo Up to Rs. 15,000 off on Apple iPhone 5s via exchange deal (New MRP: Rs. 17,999 without exchange) Up to Rs. 22,000 off on Moto Z Play via exchange deal Also read: OnePlus 3 for Rs. 18,999 on Flipkart? OnePlus takes no guarantee Budget phones- Flat Rs. 500 off on Moto E3 Power Flat Rs. 500 off on Samsung Galaxy A3 Flat Rs. 500 off on Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus Flat Rs. 1,000 off on Swipe Elite 2 Plus Flat Rs. 1,000 off on Micromax YU Yureka Plus Flat Rs. 1,000 off on Lava V2 Flipkart has also commenced selling the popular budget phone Xiaomi Redmi 3S and 3S Prime on its site with prices starting at Rs. 6,999. For more details on special discounts and offers on Flipkart, check out Deal Platter. Related Top 5 things to remember while buying a Wi-Fi router for your home Delete these 4 apps from your smartphone immediately, or risk being hacked Top 5 smart ways to locate nearest ATMs and banks with cash Also read Three reasons for Indian consumers to get hooked to Amazon Prime Video service Lenovo ZUK Edge tipped to debut next week Quick Links Flipkart Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Mass Effect 2 PC version available for free 9 hours ago By Aditya Bhat ZTE's Blade V8 is actually a good-looking dual-camera smartphone for budget shoppers 9 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Oz researchers impressed by Canada's controversial alcohol management programs Norway set to become first country to switch off FM radio completely Why advertise with us? most popular Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017 Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017. Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 and more These smartphones will change the way we look at smartphones. Tech for kids: This microSD card turns your old smartphone into a great learning device Make learning fun for your kids with CG Slate microSD card-powered tablets and smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S8 series launch delayed by a month Samsung has reportedly decided to skip Galaxy S8 launch at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017 in February and has plans to unveil it on a later date. Will Microsoft Lumia end soon? New developments add substance to speculation Services offered by ShotonmyLumia have been ported to the official Microsoft Lumia Instagram account. From VR shoes to vibrating shorts, these crazy tech gadgets at CES 2017 will leave you speechless Without these gadgets, CES 2017 would be uninspiring. Mi CES 2017 live stream: Where to watch product launch event online and time zone details Xiaomi's Mi CES 2017 event is scheduled to kick off at 11:00 am PST on January 5 (00:30 am IST, January 6). Nokia Android phone's 2017 roadmap is bigger than you thought Nokia's brand affiliate HMD Global Oy intends to launch more than five Android-powered smartphones in 2017. Photo Gallery Remo D'Souza launches mobile app #surprise Bollywood choreographer Remo D'Souza during the official launch of his own mobile application #surprise in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda at 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards Celebs like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda, Ankita Shrivastava, Amruta Fadnavis, Mannara Chopra, Arsheen Nawdar and others spotted during at the 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented iPhone 6 is now available for Rs 9,999 on Flipkart; only if exchanged with the newer iPhone 6S By tech2 News Staff 16   Comments State Bank of India blocks its customers from loading money to wallet services, using net banking By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Google CEO Sundar Pichai calls demonetisation a bold move for India By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Apple demands for tax concessions and sops could adversely affect Make In India campaign By Nimish Sawant 6   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google, Apple, Uber join in after Twitter and Facebook, to say ‘No’ to idea of developing a Muslim registry #Muslim Registry Image: Reuters 0   18 Dec 2016 , 09:44 Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump’s idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. “In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a ‘Muslim registry’ — we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad — from all that we have read — that the proposal does not seem to be on the table,” Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it’s ever asked to participate, “of course (Google) would not do (it),” the spokesperson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company “thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love”. “We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort,” the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a “No,” stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On 4 December, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry — an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team — and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump’s administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: “No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so.” Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, “We’re not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point.” “We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans,” Microsoft PR head Frank X Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump’s transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News’ question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. IANS Tags: Apple, Donald Trump, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Muslim registry, Muslims, Trump, Twitter, Uber Also read Google CEO Sundar Pichai writes open letter; says we support Muslims Twitter says it will refuse to help Trump build a US national registry of Muslims X Recommended For You Smartphone apps that can be used to improve Women’s Safety Apple did try out a iPhone with an iPod click wheel CES 2017: AMD unveils high-performance Vega GPU architecture for varied graphics workload NASA’s Chandra and India’s GMRT discover a natural particle accelerator in deep space Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Nissan Jan 6, 2017 CES 2017: Nissan Intelligent Mobility blueprint hints at zero-emissions and a zero-fatality future #Google Jan 6, 2017 Sundar Pichai reveals at IIT-KGP that Google’s appetite for failure is what makes it such a great company #Huawei Jan 6, 2017 CES 2017: We want to be the top smartphone maker in five years, says Huawei consumer business head #Sundar Pichai Jan 6, 2017 10 key takeaways for a better India from Sundar Pichai’s interaction with students at IIT-KGP #Bhim Jan 6, 2017 Bhim App, UPI powered app to be the part of 68th Republic Day Parade SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Friday, January 6 Great work deserves great credit Great Scott's Bakery moving from Rocky River to Brunswick Hills Retailers' woes are mauling malls University of Akron Research Foundation to help student, faculty startups with new program Cavs GM David Griffin works some more January magic with Korver trade CPA firm Warfield & Co. of Hudson merges with Fairlawn's Donovan, Klimczak & Co. Sen. Sherrod Brown, Rep. Jim Renacci offer support for Diebold Nixdorf in patent case against Nautilus Hyosung Akron Zoo sets annual attendance record in 2016 Nordson Corp. buys Washington maker of selective soldering systems U.S. economy added 156,000 jobs in December as wages increase by the most since 2009 Crain's Newsmakers 2016 × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Current Issue Current issue 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries December 18, 2016 Updated Akron's Apple Growth Partners expands in Northeast Ohio with acquisition of KPFF By Jeremy Nobile KPFF senior partner Robert Neides Akron’s Apple Growth Partners has announced its first acquisition under a growth plan intended to double the size of the business by 2020. KPFF LLC of Beachwood has agreed to merge with Apple Growth effective Jan. 1 in a move that brings the combined firm to about $14 million in annual revenues and a staff of 90. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. All KPFF staff — about 17 — are expected to make the… Morning Roundup Business headlines from Crain's Cleveland Business and other Ohio newspapers — delivered FREE to your inbox every morning. Sign up for the Morning Newsletter. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue January 01, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS I chose MacBook Pro with Touch Bar over Surface Book By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 69 Comments Tweet Water smacked the windshield -- a torrent of heavy droplets -- as my wife struggled to feed money into the tollbooth machine. Pelting rain is uncommon during November in San Diego, but we had purpose for driving 36 km through the downpour to Chula Vista and the Otay Ranch Apple Store, where I had never been before. The shop was the only one around that had the 15.4-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in stock. Eleven days earlier, Nov. 15, 2016, I received the 13.3-inch model that was ordered on October 27th. While first impressions were wow, the laptop felt slow compared to my previous MBP, and the battery drained in about half the time as specs stated. I worried that Apple produced a defective unit. No store in the area had the smaller laptop in stock, should I want to take advantage of the 14-day return policy. Deadline approached, so I considered as alternative my first 15-incher in more than a decade, tempted in part by quad-core processor and discreet graphics. If Not One, The Other Fast-forward to the present, briefly: In recent days I've seen some stories about shorter-than-expected MBP battery life; customers complain. Hardware is suspected (when isn't it in click-bait news stories). Following a fresh macOS Sierra install on the 13.3-inch laptop and transferring my wife's settings and software from an older MBP, battery life is workday-long-plus. Perhaps the computer had bad factory-installed image or, more likely, despite my sleuthing around for a culprit, something in my setup sucked CPU cycles and energy. (I did investigate!) So if your new MacBook Pro burns the candle quick, check the wick! Returning to weltering November 26th, I stood over the larger MacBook Pro, in awe and despair. The thing felt fast -- almost mind-reading AI-fashion, anticipating keystrokes before I made them. But the screen was huge. Even 13.3 inches is larger than my preference; gimme a laptop that's easily grab-and-go. But the longer time I spent touching and adjusting, perhaps 45 minutes, the more comfortable the laptop became. Decision: Understanding that the computer could be returned within 14 days and recognizing replacement MBP 13 order wouldn't ship, according to Apple Store online, for 4 weeks or more, I made the purchase. My initial angst dissipated within hours after returning home and setting up MBP 15. I have no regrets. Size Matters The 13.3-inch MacBook Pro I had ordered from Apple Store online was a custom config: 2.9GHz Core i5 processor, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD. The laptop replaced my early 2015 model, with 3.1GHz Core i7 chip, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD. My college student daughter accepted the hand-me-down, replacing her somewhat banged and scratched 2013 Apple laptop, with 2.6GHz Core i5 processor, 8GB memory, 256GB SSD. I was surprised how the newer laptop seemed slower than the old. Granted, the comparison was i5 and i7, but also different generation Intel processors. If not MBP 15, I was ready to return the 13.3-incher for refund. Considering how much I had already spent on the 13.3-inch MacBook Pro, a few extra hundred for a lot more computer wasn't a mental (or budgetary) stretch. But I would never spend so much without first experiencing the thing. Understanding: I would return the smaller notebook for refund. Hence, the rainy road trip. Config: 2.7GHz Core i7 processor, 16GB RAM, 2GB Radeon Pro 455 graphics, 512GB SSD. The CPU is quad-core, and the difference is quite noticeable compared to MBP 13's dual-core processor. This beauty is a multi-tasking maven like nothing groped by my grubby paws. This also marks the most money I have spent on a laptop. Ever. The custom-configured 13-incher totaled $2,199,  and the larger $2,799. Why MBP? By now you must wonder: "Why?" Well, it ain't for the Touch Bar, which isn't as useless as I expected. The brighter (500-nit), more color accurate screen checks one box.  More significantly, I've pined for Apple's butterfly keyboard since its debut on the 12-inch MacBook, which is way, way underpowered for my daily computing requirements. MBP 15 doesn't disappoint. Typing experience on the second-generation butterfly is absolutely fantastic. While the keys are noisy, they deliver great feel and responsiveness. But in choosing to spend so much more, I also opted for other benefits: greater default, native screen resolution (2880 by 1800); quad-core processor; discreet graphics; and expansive, capable touchpad, among them. Features are meaningless without benefits, and I have some in mind. In late October, I fully returned to work after a forced summer sabbatical related to eye surgery that lets me wear glasses to read but frees me from them for distance. I’m ready to write, write, write, and MacBook Pro with Touch Bar feels -- figuratively -- like the tool to do just that. I am doing more photography and video production, and producing a podcast. I need a laptop that can keep up with several projects open and ongoing simultaneously, without stutters and stops that interrupt my workflow and more importantly disrupt my attention. I'm an older writer now, and interruption can leave a crater where my creative flow was. The bigger screen, and even physical size, better suit my needs than the 13.3-incher. How strange; I thank Apple's supply shortages for putting me in position to challenge my preconceptions and go larger when the market trend is smaller laptops. The other mental barrier: Cost, as I couldn't have ever proactively conceived spending so much on a laptop -- and, honestly, wouldn't if not for bent-up desire to produce content following the summer sabbatical. I feel happy typing on the new MBP, for its dazzling beauty and also for how the Touch Bar contextually changes depending on application or what I’m doing. (You’ll have to wait for my full review for more on the feature.) Joy is a benefit often overlooked by high-tech product designers. Scratching the Surface Surely other laptops could do as much for the same cost, or even less. Yup, I seriously considered Surface Book, about which Microsoft's Brian Hall raved two days ago: "The innovation of Surface coupled with the disappointment of the new MacBook Pro -- especially among professionals -- is leading more and more people to make the switch to Surface". He then linked to PC Mag story "Why I Left macOS for a Surface Book", which begins "The Mac is in trouble". Sascha Segan's experience with the butterfly keyboard differs from mine: "I just couldn't get with the super-flat keyboards. I pound out words all day, and getting rid of almost all the throw on the keys was pretty much a deal breaker". As I writer, I understand the sentiment but, as previously mentioned, have much different experience than does the PC Mag analyst. There is much to like about Surface Book, which I see as the only meaningful competitor to either size MacBook Pro. The design is delightful eye candy, and the 3:2 screen ratio is much better suited to writing and researching content in a web browser (MBP is 16:10). Maximum resolution of the gorgeous 13.5-inch screen, which is fully touch-capable: 3000 by 2000 (MBP 13 is 2560 by 1600 and 2880 by 1800 for the larger). Touch is a bonus if you need it, then there is the stylus. I'm a terrible artist and handwriter. I started using a typewriter at age 14 -- during the mid-1970s -- because my penmanship is so terrible. As such, the stylus has little appeal, while the touchscreen is a nice-to-have that I learned from using Chromebook Pixel and other Windows laptops isn't a necessity. For me. As a middle-aged typist writer, keyboard matters much, and the MBP Touch Bar promises to expand what my fingers can do across the plane where they are constantly active. If I were another person, with different priorities and (artistic) capabilities, Surface Book might be the thing. Apple offers one port-type on new MacBook Pros: USB Type-C (aka Thunderbolt 3), whereas Microsoft serves up the smorgasbord of connection options most people will want. Sixth-generation Intel Core chips are standard from both companies. Cost Comparisons Surface Book pricing is similar or close between comparable configurations for either size MBP. That is when I purchased either. Microsoft is sale crazy during the holidays (don't ever expect deals from Apple). For example: $1999 for MBP 13 or SB with Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 512GB SSD. Of course, Microsoft serves up stylus and touchscreen instead of Apple's tiny Touch Bar -- and the display converts into a tablet (that is too large for my tastes). With i7 chip and double the RAM: $2,499 for the Apple and $2,699 for the Microsoft, but currently discounted to $2,299. While screen sizes mis-match, here's Surface Book with Performance Base compared to MBP 15: Core i7, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD -- both for $2,799. SB has touchscreen and stylus, but the MacBook Pro packs quad-core processor. For my needs, speed, professional graphics, and bigger screen matter more. And something else that strangely is the opposite of Sascha Segan's deal-breaker: I find typing on the Surface Book keyboard troubling in manner similar to his complaints about MacBook Pro's butterfly; there's too much travel. Ha! Hey, this is why companies can compete: Different priorities and tastes among potential users. Fanboys, don't get into a pissing match about which is better. Because both matter right now, and Microsoft gets good bang from the competition between them. Earlier today I asked Stephen Baker, NPD vice president and primary hardware analyst, about MacBook Pro and Surface Book sales. They are "key parts of the turnaround in the consumer PC market in terms of pointing it in a more premium direction", he says. "While they aren’t the share leaders, the advertising being spent and the marketing have helped lift all the Windows boats—and it of course hasn’t hurt that all the Windows brands have stepped up their premium product development". Wrapping up, the best laptop is the one with the benefits that matter most to you. That's how I came to choose 15.4-inch MacBook Pro -- and love it. Hehe. Who knows, maybe in an alternate universe, heavy rains led my wife and I to drive to closer-distance Fashion Valley Mall, where there is Microsoft Store, inside which an irresistible Surface Book offer hypnotized me. Photo Credit: Joe Wilcox Author's Note: The original, but discarded, click-bait headline was "Ménage à trois! I shacked up with MacBook Pro and Touch Bar". 69 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] 7 Things to Know About the iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 Update Adam Mills11/21/2016 iOS 10 won’t be coming to the iPhone 4s which means iOS 9.3.5 will be the last update for Apple’s aging former flagship. With that in mind, we want to take a look at the most important things to know about the iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 update. Advertisement In March, Apple rolled out its highly anticipated iOS 9.3 update. It went through an extensive beta but the update immediately caused problems for iPhone and iPad users. To address these bugs and other lingering issues, Apple pushed out several new versions of iOS 9.3. iOS 9.3.1 arrived with some important bug fixes and patches. After that, Apple pushed out an iOS 9.3.2 update to the iPhone 4s and other iOS 9-powered devices. A few days after that, it released iOS 9.3.3 update. Soon after that, the company pushed out iOS 9.3.4 update. Shortly after the release of iOS 9.3.4, Apple released an iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 update. It will be the last update the iPhone 4s receives from Apple. The iPhone 4s will never get iOS 10. If you’re coming from the iOS 9.3.4 update, iOS 9.3.5 features three three patches and nothing else. If you’re coming from something older than iOS 9.3.4, your iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 update is going to be a much larger update. Apple’s previous iOS updates are baked in. Advertisement With that in mind we want to take a look at the most important things iPhone 4s users need to know about the iOS 9.3.5 update’s performance, its problems, the iOS downgrade process, and more. iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 Reviews 1 / 7 We've been able to spend some quality hands-on time with many of Apple's other iOS updates but we haven't spent enough time to provide quality feedback about the iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 update. So, we must turn to the opinions of others. As we push further and further away from Apple's iOS 9.3.5 release date we've seen iPhone 4s users from all over the world relay feedback about the update's performance. If you haven't installed yet you should make it a point to dig into these mini reviews. Advertisement iPhone 4s iOS 9.3.5 update reviews are still mixed months after the update's release. While some users are seeing solid performance in key areas like battery life and connectivity, others are complaining about lag, freezes, and occasional stuttering.  Some users have said that they are sticking with the iOS 8 update, others are saying that the iOS 9.3.4 and iOS 9.3.5 updates solved some of the lag issues they had with earlier versions of iOS 9. As of right now there is no clear cut answer which means those of you with an iPhone 4s need to be extremely careful with this upgrade. Dig into this feedback and decide if it's worth it to you and your device. For most of you, it will be thanks to the nature of the security patches on board.  1 / 7 20 Responses 04/20/2016 Enajrowe Reply Hurrah..!!!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/25/2016 enrico liverani Reply sorry but you guys need to get your collective head out of apples ass and start reporting the truth in the last 9 months the once fairly reliable apple is now become totally unpredictable. update after update has delivered crap after crap. in recent months i have lost my notes which caused huge personal issues (yes i should never have trusted software) apps just disappear from my phone. apps move around unexpectedly. the phone comes on without reason and i only notice because it has become hot in my pocket and yes i have taken care to turn it off before sticking it in my pocket. the latest crap is the current update which has from now where brought back 2500 emails into my inbox which i had previously deleted. people have put up worth apples incompatibility with the rest of the universe grudgingly because it made up for it with reliable products that is fast disappearing under the current leadership who just seem to bash stuff out. a friend could not match up an iPad with their iPhone in the same room this is just becoming unacceptable. in todays world you can go from hero to zero in a flash apple beware. 06/07/2016 Hector Reply Apple misses Steve Jobs! Since he is gone, Apple is not the same 07/24/2016 Bill Reply Could someone please tell me if an iPhone 4 battery will fit an iPhone 4s. Thanks Bill 07/28/2016 jacquelinecollins786 Reply when i looked at the figure of 8756 d .Than I have no other choice but to accept , what i ssaw .wr. They have been doing this for a year and get ride of their debts.. Yesterday they purchased new Aston Martin ………..23s Go To Web==========> >http://incomenews11.cf 07/29/2016 Nazwan Reply Why update very slow because i done download and install 07/29/2016 Joel Reply This Upgrade has prevented my mobile from turning on!!! It’s faulty. Apple logo comes on then phone goes off. I attempted the upgrade this morning. 07/30/2016 Corey Reply My phone will not charge now. 08/01/2016 Edward Reply Just update to ios 9.3.3 and not a problem on my iPhone 4s works well and fast for me just hopes it stays that way 08/08/2016 Linda Menkhorst Reply My son just updated to ios 9.3.4, now 3G seems bricked. 09/02/2016 Juan Reply I upgrade my iPhone 4S to iOS 9.3.4 and the ear speaker crash. Since first moment the speaker play no sound. I turn back my phone to iOS 9.3.2 and everything is ok. I don’t want to risk my phone for an upgrade (9.3.5) that could be the last one. 09/05/2016 Petya Reply Hi Juan! How can I return my Iphone 4S from 9.3.4 to 9.3.3 ( Which version is better 9.3.3 or 9.3.2) ? Recently installed version 9.3.4 and the phone began to overheat and the battery is depleted… Need a help! Thanks 09/03/2016 johnny Reply Iphone 4s with 9.3.5 is perfect what are you all on? Still an amazing phone and still updating and supported. Get a new phone or accept things on a 5 year old phone takes time. 09/05/2016 Robert Jackson Reply I had my iPhone 4s since the beginning. And yes with 9.3.5 she is still kicking strong and doing well. I cannot say much for others, but if they have any problems with any updates. Just re-set the whole thing (make sure you on iCloud ) like a brand new phone, or to the last day like two days ago. And when all is boosted. You’ll have more storage for some reason , and everything you had since. And I have a 16 gigger (n####r) joke…. Smile….it won’t broke yo face! Jamaican Man. Make sure you have an iPad or MacBook. They all feed off one another like clockwork. Adios Gringgos 09/19/2016 premn Reply Anyone know if there is a further update coming. My 4S has become almost useless. And I’m pretty sure it was after the 9.3.5 update. I’m hoping they might fix it? Thanks. 09/30/2016 prem Reply Update: After one month of sound and other issues, my 4s suddenly started working fine with 9.3.5. Amost as if it needed a month to get used to the update. Thought I should share this here. 09/30/2016 Chris Reply 4s stopped working when I tried to update to 9.3.5. Never was able to upgrade, only shows the “plug into iTunes” and is basically bricked until I figure out how to fix it. 10/13/2016 Abramski Reply Can u put the device in DFU mode? You do it this way, make sure the phone is off AND connected to your mac or pc and leave iTunes open, press and hold down the power button and count 3 seconds, after you count those 3 seconds, you push down the home button but don’t release the power button, hold the power button and home button pressed simultaneously for about 10 seconds, in mean time the screen should turn black as you reach 6 or 7, after 10 second, release the power button but keep holding down the home button until you see a prompt in iTunes that will tell you to restore you’re iPhone. Good luck! 11/01/2016 Mike Morley Reply Since updating to ios 9.3.5 my iPhone 4s shuts down at 35% battery level. I have heard that Apple do not plan to release any further updates to iphone 4s so I either put up with this or upgrade the phone. Of course apple would love me to upgrade the phone. I also upgraded my ipad2 to ios 9.3.5 and found it would then not let me past password sign in, it to a great deal of time to sort this out including complete reset and restore of the machine. I don’t have time to fix apples mistakes so I’m switching to android, at least you are not badgered continuously to upgrade it’s operating system APPLE NEVER AGAIN ! 12/17/2016 Satheesh Reply When i update to 9.3.5 My 4s asking to connect itunes. I dont know why? Anyone can explain? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Tech Heavyweights Won’t Help Build Donald Trump’s Muslim Registry By Himanshu Goenka @HimGoJourno On 12/18/16 AT 2:32 AM Close When President-elect Donald Trump met leaders from the tech industry Wednesday in a room at Trump Towers in Manhattan, he referred to a rise in the stock market and said: “So right now everybody in this room has to like me — at least a little bit.” Whether or not they actually like him, big tech companies are certainly not behind his proposed plan to build a registry to track Muslims in the United States. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey was conspicuously not invited to the meeting, which was held a day after the microblogging service said it would not help Trump build the registry. Other tech leaders who have previously had run-ins with Trump, however, attended the meeting. Among them was Apple’s Tim Cook who was criticized by Trump after Apple refused to unlock the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, who also owns the Washington Post, has spoken about wanting to send Trump to Mars and has been accused by the president-elect of directing negative coverage. Numerous tech heavyweights, including Facebook, Microsoft, IBM, Uber, Google and Apple have issued statements saying they will not help the incoming administration build such a registry. In response to questions by BuzzFeed, most of those companies said they would not participate in such an effort, and that they hadn’t been asked to do so either. Employees from various tech companies, including Google, IBM, Salesforce, Slack and Twitter, penned an open letter Tuesday opposing the proposed Muslim registry, and it currently has more than 2,100 signatories. Without the support of technology companies, building the kind of surveillance system Trump and his advisers have proposed would be difficult, if not virtually impossible. (Left to right) President-elect Donald Trump sits with PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel, Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook, Oracle CEO Safra Catz and Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York, Dec. 14, 2016. Photo: REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Related Stories Trump Urged To Increase Surveillance On Muslims Tech Industry Employees Stand Against Muslim Registry, Deportations As on many other issues, Trump has had a conflicting and changing stance on the Muslim registry idea, sometimes supporting it but backing away at other times. Some other Republican leaders have not only spoken in favor of such a registry, but also urged the president-elect to create a surveillance program targeting Muslims. Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., encouraged Trump to create such a program during a meeting Thursday, and a few days after Trump’s Nov. 8 election victory, Carl Higbie, a former Navy Seal and spokesman for the Great America PAC that backed Trump’s presidential bid, told Fox News a Muslim registry would be constitutionally valid. He cited the internment of 120,000 Japanese Americans during World War II as legal precedent. Trump supporter and former New York Mayor Rudy Guiliani has also advocated for the idea. The National Security Entry-Exit Registration System, which was started in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, was closed down in 2011 after concerns were raised it unfairly targeted Muslims. Kris Kobach, Kansas secretary of state, who helped design the system, also said a Muslim registry could be implemented. Some survivors of the San Bernardino terror attack, however, say the registry is a bad idea based on fear, hate and ignorance. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
off Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Friday, January 6, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Property transactions for Deschutes County print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Property transactions for Deschutes County Published Dec 18, 2016 at 12:02AM Deschutes County • Michael A. and Jane S. Matyniak to Dan W. and Frances E. Wilkins, Ridge at Eagle Crest 38, Lot 18, $535,100 • Andrew S. and Amanda M. Sloan to Danielle and Joshua White, Alpine Meadows Subdivision No. 40, Lot 3, Block 2, $280,000 • Sun Property LLC to Rand L. Sullivan, Fairway Point Village 2, Lot 6, Block 11, $365,000 • Rhonda R. Wagner to Kris S. and Rachel M. Visinoni, Justin Glen Phase 1, Lot 5, $247,500 • Charles T. Massey and Sarah L. Phipps to Jon Roberts, Northwest Crossing Phase 5, Lot 173, $925,000 • Russell A. and Kelly A. Brown to William F. and Jane C. Gary, Sylvan Knolls, Lot 2, Block 5, $595,000 • Zachary Wilson to Jason and Sally Askins, Wiestoria, Lot 11, Block 17, $360,000 • Neil Wold, trustee of the Family Trust of the Wold Living Trust and of the Survivor’s Trust of the Wold Living Trust, to Michael W. Seidel and Linda Thorgeirsson, Three Pines PUD, Phases 7-10, Lot 69, $195,000 • Terrina L. Wrona to I. K. Orton, Cottages at Northwest Crossing Phase 2, Lot 4, $385,000 • Jill K. Apple, who acquired title as Jill K. Russell, and Austin E. Apple to Shalom A. R. Davis, Deschutes River Recreation Homesites Unit 8, Part 3, Lot 4, Block 118, $260,000 • Jennifer L. Callen, who acquired title as Jennifer L. Hiatt, to Mark and Kelly Harro, Reed Market East First Addition, Lot 6, Block 4, $279,000 • Cloudcrest Homes LLC to Austin E. and Jill K. Apple, Angus Acres Phase 3, Lot 64, $307,000 • Bruce N. Davis, trustee of the Bruce N. Davis 2004 Revocable Inter Vivos Trust, to Jeffrey W. and Michelle M. Galipeau, Centennial Glen, Lot 8, $277,900 • Daniel Bennett to Brian and Michelle Bornfleth, Arrowhead Phases 1-4, Lot 69, $303,000 • Loren D. and Robyn K. Anderson to Jeffrey D. Shull, Riverrim PUD Phase 1, Lot 3, $367,000 • Wendy Contreras to Jeffrey and Y. E. Crosier, Wishing Well Phases 5-6, Lot 9, $175,000 • Cloudcrest Homes LLC to Phil and Debbie Williams, Viewpoint Ridge, Lot 15, $428,883 • Jeffrey and Heidi Merwin to Brittney and William Gaddis III, Deschutes River Recreation Homesites Unit 8, Part 3, Lot 10, Block 120, $265,000 • Kathryn L. Henderson to James E. and Julia L. Sweet, Paulina Peaks Phase 2, Lot 32, $299,900 • Da Builders LLC to Logan and Mindy Aisling, Monticello Estates Phase 3, Lot 78, $277,500 • Eric N. and Elish T. Canady to Kenneth L. and Patricia D. Rang, Northwest Crossing Phases 9-10, Lot 531, $595,000 • Brooks Resources Corp. to Deepak R. and Kanchan B. Sehgal, Compass Corner, Lot 5, $160,000 • Jeffrey T. Lichtenberg to Suzann Kennedy, Elk Ridge Condominiums, Lot 41, $224,900 • Anne K. Kitty to Daniel R. Rollins and Kathryn A. Ballantyne-Rollins, trustees of the Daniel R. and Kathryn A. Rollins Revocable Living Trust, Skyliner Summit at Broken Top Phase 10, Lot 215, $629,000 • Kenneth C. and Lora C. Fenter to Michael A. Rebick and Jennifer L. Kotaniemi, Tanglewood, Lot 6, Block 9, $220,000 • Willa Weiand and Willard Williams to Pauline and Kenneth Word, Ranch Village, Lot 4, Block 3, $299,000 • Scott M. and Rebecca J. Smallwood to Timothy J. and Camille S. Connelly, Township 16, Range 12, Section 11, $470,000 • Jason M. Woodman to Greg and Chelsea Eland, Larkwood Estates, Lot 2, Block 4, $364,900 • Vre Crescent LLC to Sace Inc. and Bend Trend Homes, Tetherow Phase 7, Lot 339, $265,000 • Darrell R. and Margaret M. Hover, trustees of the Darrell Roy & Margaret Mary Hover Family Revocable Trust, to Michael E. and Victoria C. Shea, trustees of the Michael Edward Shea & Victoria Valvo Shea Family Trust, Deschutes River Woods, Lots 5-6, Block B, $200,000 • TSLM LLC to Man W. and Anna Mok, Township 15, Range 13, Section 16, $610,000 • Donald F. Meyer Jr. and Laurie Meyer to Gary Eder, trustee of the Gary Eder Revocable Living Trust, Indian Ford Meadows, Lot 8, Block 5, $599,000 • Stonewater Development Inc. to Pahlisch Homes Inc., Stonegate PUD Phase 3, Lot 112, $326,217 • John and Heather Cashman to Martin Hohensee, trustee of the Martin Hohensee Revocable Trust of 2012, Awbrey Woods Phase 2, Lot 15, $340,000 • Paul R. and Deanna Czmowski to Kevin and Tamara Dostal, Jonah’s Landing, Lot 1, $485,000 • Kevin Sandvigen to Mark Pearson, Hidden Hills Phase 2, Lot 50, $473,000 • Pahlisch Homes Inc. to David W. and Christine A. Limburg, Stonegate PUD Phase 3, Lot 112, $411,850 • Frank T. and Margaret Wrightman to Colben K. Sime Jr., trustee of the Colben & Betsy Sime Trust, Ridge at Eagle Crest 29, Lot 7, $449,000 • Gloria K. Wiechmann to Robin A. Popp, Conestoga Hills, Lot 4, Block 2, $475,000 • Robert and Tammi L. Salazar to Caroline P. and Elliot E. Norquist II, Ridge at Eagle Crest 43, Lot 8, $375,000 • Pahlisch Homes Inc. to Rachael C. and Frank J. Cort, Bridges at Shadow Glen Phase 3A, Lot 190, $448,900 • Amy G. Jaques, who acquired title as Amy G. Papineau, to David M. and Casey Reuss, Trap Club Road Estates, Lot 7, Block 1, $265,000 • DTF LLC to Annachristina W. Baxter, Mill Addition, Lot 11, Block 4, $362,250 • Bryan J. Ershig to Matthew J. and Lauren Thomas, Deschutes River Woods, Lot 29, Block KKK, $305,000 • John H. Carson and Jennifer Rogers to Adam V. Callahan, Northwest Townsite Company’s Section Addition to Bend, Lot 2, Block 22, $420,000 • Lonnie R. Cotter to Craig Simi, Village Pointe Phases 2-3, Lot 50, $219,900 • John A. and Candi A. Norris and Timothy S. and Victoria R. Briggs to Carol S. Flenniken, Junpier Glen North, Lot 37, $185,000 • Chester R. and Barbara J. Garner, trustees of the Gardner Family Trust, to Dean E. Richardson, Township 20, Range 10, Section 31, $210,000 • Douglas and Julie Freeman to Jeffrey and Heidi A. Merwin, Deer Park 2, Lot 15, Block 11, $379,000 • Ruth Price to Molly A. Wilson and Jay A. Janin, River Terrace Bend, Lots 10-11, Block 14, $342,900 • Richard A. and Mary Breeden to Asa P. and Jennifer R. Coleman, Torryn’s Addition, Lot 7, Partition Plat 2001-55, Lot 1, $259,900 15900364 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window 2016: The year in review The Bulletin's top photos of 2016 Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Bend is work-from-home capital of Oregon 01/03/2017 Deschutes County is the new work-from-home capital of Oregon.The latest American Community ... more Bend entrepreneur started with a cause, then learned coffee business 01/03/2017 Sean McDonell grew up working for his father’s Portland vending business and ... more Hop farmers growing farmhouse brewery near Terrebonne 01/05/2017 The next newest brewery in Central Oregon is still in the development ... more Change in Oregon construction safety rules 01/04/2017 Two new safety regulations that affect the construction industry take effect this ... more Home prices rise quickly in Bend, rest of Oregon 01/04/2017 Oregon saw the largest increase to its home prices of any state ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple has set up a secret office in Berlin to 'cherrypick' mapping engineers from Here Sam Shead Dec. 18, 2016, 3:12 AM 4,285 facebook linkedin twitter email print A map of Berlin.Apple Maps Earlier this week, Business Insider reported that Apple has been quietly hiring a number of engineers from Here, which is a mapping company owned by German automotive giants Audi, BMW, and Daimler. Apple has hired at least half a dozen employees from Here for a Berlin-based Apple Maps team, according to LinkedIn, but the true figure is likely to be somewhat higher. A source, who wished to remain anonymous, said that Apple strategically moved in on Here's talent as the mapping company was passed from Nokia to the German automotive group. "It's a simple story: Here was in disarray after Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia," said the source, who works in the Berlin tech scene. "Apple saw the opportunity and opened an office in Berlin, specifically to siphon Geo Information Systems (GIS) talent."  The person added: "Three people independently complained to me that Apple opened an office in Berlin specifically to cherrypick at Here." This claim was backed up by another source on the ground in Berlin.  Here, which provides mapping data, software and services to the automotive, consumer and enterprise sectors, was "bleeding talent" as Microsoft's deal with the German car consortium went through, the source said. "Things are getting a bit better now, but GIS talent is rare."  Samantha Lee/Business Insider Here said it employs 970 people in Berlin, up from 875 a year ago. Berlin is the company's third biggest site and employee numbers grew in 2014, 2015, and 2016. Here downplayed the scale of the poaching, and a spokesperson told Business Insider: "Between the Microsoft deal and our acquisition by the German carmakers, the team grew by more than 100 people and our global sales grew significantly over the same time frame. The trend has continued. I state these facts since they contrast with the picture painted by your source." Earlier this week, the Here spokesperson said: "As Here has played a large role in establishing the Berlin tech community, it’s pretty typical that other companies will look at our talent. "But it goes both ways – we have folks in Berlin who have previously worked at Apple, Google, IBM, Microsoft, Amazon and so on." Apple has never publicly confirmed that it has an office in Berlin. Two Berliners working in the city's tech industry told Business Insider that they weren't aware of an Apple office in Berlin. German publication Frankfurter Allgemeine reported in April that Apple is using a secret Berlin lab to build the Apple Car. The laboratory was reportedly home to 15-20 staff with backgrounds in engineering, software, hardware, and sales. Bloomberg then reported in October that Apple has given up building the Apple Car, for now, choosing instead to focus on developing autonomous driving systems that it could sell to car manufacturers. Apple did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. Apple has hired the following people from Here: Khang Tran — a senior software engineer at Here. He joined Apple as a software engineer this month. Gilbert Schulz — a program manager at Here. He joined Apple in April and currently works on the Apple Maps team. Konstantin Sinitsyn — a senior software engineer at Here. He joined Apple last November as a software engineer. Manfred Reich — regional map and content lead, Eastern Europe region at Here. He joined Apple in July 2015 after spending seven years at Here Maps and currently works on the Apple Maps team. Andrey Arsentyev — a product manager at Here Maps. He joined Apple in May 2015 and currently works on the Apple Maps team. Torsten Krenz — a director at Here where he worked for more than two and a half years. He joined Apple in August 2014 and currently works on the Maps team. When asked how many people Apple has hired from Here in Berlin and what they're working on, Sinitsyn said: "I appreciate your interest, but no, I can't really tell you." None of the other former Here employees responded to Business Insider's request for comment. NOW WATCH: This teen makes up to $1,500 a night eating dinner in front of a webcam in South Korea Loading video... More: Apple HERE Mapping Berlin facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple has set up a secret office in Berlin to 'cherrypick' mapping engineers from Here Apple has set up a secret office in Berlin to 'cherrypick' mapping engineers from Here Earlier this week, Business Insider reported... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Friday, January 6, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Life Lifestyles   Oregon Life New York City: A native’s guide A look at seeing the sights through the eyes of a seasoned host         By Beth Harpaz The Associated Press Dec 18, 2016   Today’s Lifestyles stories Joy comes through in the clutch Fountain of youth The man behind so many myths New York Times best-sellers How two Texas teens turned into cartel killers More Lifestyles »   NEW YORK — As a native New Yorker, a licensed city tour guide and a volunteer Big Apple Greeter, I’ve answered lots of questions from tourists over the years. Among them: “Is it safe to drink the water?” (Yes.) “What does ‘curb your dog’ mean?” (Dogs should not use sidewalks as a bathroom.) And my favorite: “Where are all the supermodels?” (I don’t know.) The Big Apple Greeter organization matches out-of-towners with locals for free neighborhood visits and other outings, and as a greeter, I’ve also shepherded tourists from around the world on their first subway rides, visits to Harlem and Brooklyn, and tastes of local delicacies (like bagels). Along the way I’ve given lots of advice on enjoying the city while staying safe, having fun and sticking to a budget. Here are some tips. Safety Street food is safe to eat. Crime is very low but safeguard your wallet from pickpockets and don’t drape your purse over your chair. Many people will accost you, trying to sell you things. Keep walking. It’s not uncommon to hear of pedestrians hit by bikes or even cars. Look both ways when crossing the street. Use seatbelts in cabs. The best things are free Staten Island Ferry. Great views of the Statue of Liberty, Lower Manhattan and New York Harbor. Runs 24 hours a day. Beautiful at night with the city lit up. No. 1 subway to South Ferry or 4 or 5 trains to Bowling Green. 9/11 park. A powerful symbol of the city’s resilience, with One World Trade rising above. Reflecting pools built in the footprints of the twin towers are a moving tribute to those who perished. Be sure to stop at the Survivor Tree. Check out the Oculus nearby, a cool and curious white-winged structure with shops and eateries inside. Walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. Take the C or A train to the High Street stop on the Brooklyn side and walk back to Manhattan. Central Park. New Yorkers live in tiny apartments. City parks are our collective backyards. Enter at 59th Street and Fifth Avenue, just north of the Manhattan White House, aka Trump Tower. The High Line. This vertical park built on an old rail line 30 feet above the street runs for about a mile from 34th Street west of 10th Avenue to just below 14th Street. Expect crowds. Grand Central, 42nd Street and Lexington Avenue. Notice the famous four-faced clock, cathedral windows, grand staircases and zodiac signs in the ceiling. A black rectangle in the northwest corner of the ceiling is a reminder of the days before a 1990s renovation when the entire ceiling was black from decades of tobacco smoke. Times Square. New Yorkers hate this place. Under new rules, tip-hungry costumed characters and half-naked painted women must stay confined to a teal-colored zone. The subway It’s noisy, dirty and confusing but generally safe and efficient. Chances are you will encounter homeless people, panhandlers, musicians and trains so crowded you can’t get on. It runs 24 hours a day, though trains and riders thin out overnight. Trust your gut: If someone is acting strangely or aggressively, make like a New Yorker and walk away. If you bump someone accidentally, a sincere apology is expected. Get a free map from a manned booth. There’s also a map in every car of every train. Most New Yorkers can provide basic directions, but this app is good for route-planning: citymapper.com/nyc. Trains are sometimes rerouted on weekends; see web.mta.info/weekender.html. Each one-way ride costs $2.75. Best deal is an unlimited seven-day pass for $31. Or put $20 on a regular pay-per-ride MetroCard and the machine will give you a free 11 percent bonus, $2.20, covering 8 rides total. If you pay in cash and don’t have exact change, you’ll get coins back. If you pay by credit card and you’re from abroad, type in 99999 as your ZIP code. There’s a $1 fee for the card, but you can refill it. Prices are likely to rise in spring 2017. Attractions The most famous places are crowded. Arrive a half-hour before opening time to reduce your wait. Empire State Building, Top of the Rock or One World Trade observatories? I prefer the first two because they’re in the middle of Manhattan, whereas much of what you see from One World Trade is the harbor and New Jersey. Many museums schedule a few free hours each week. The Metropolitan Museum of Art lists a suggested admission but you don’t have to pay it. To me, the Museum of Modern Art’s permanent collection is worth the steep $25 admission (don’t miss Van Gogh’s “Starry Night”). Neighborhoods A few of my favorites: In Harlem, have a bite at Marcus Samuelsson’s Streetbird on 116th Street and walk across the neighborhood’s main street, 125th Street. Joe Shanghai on Pell Street in Chinatown is cheap, crazy, fun and good; be prepared to wait for a table and beware the hot broth inside the pork dumplings. From Chinatown, walk to Little Italy for dessert at Ferrara’s, 195 Grand St. Hang with the hipsters in trendy Brooklyn: Take the L train to Bedford in Williamsburg or Jefferson in Bushwick. Among many options for great pizza, I like Lombardi’s, C train to Spring Street. More Oregon Life articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Lifestyles stories Heart and Humor Joy comes through in the clutch Oregon Life Fountain of youth Book Review The man behind so many myths Books Fans snap up Fisher books following her death Books New York Times best-sellers Book Review How two Texas teens turned into cartel killers Travel Whirlwind of adventure Travel Travel writer picks five sights you must see in your lifetime Milestones Anniversaries: Howell Milestones Anniversaries: Gray Eagle Scout Eagle Scouts: DuChateau Pets Looking for a Home: Sassy Pets Looking for a Home: Annie     Business Real Estate Development Developer plans six-story luxury apartment building north of Ferry Street Bridge A local developer wants to tear down a small commercial­ building near the north foot of the Ferry Street Bridge and construct what would be the tallest apartment building in Eugene north of the Willam­ette … Federal court sidesteps port case Sears to sell Craftsman tool brand to Stanley Black & Decker for $900 million Malls rethink anchor strategy More Business » Entertainment Music Success defined: Coming to terms with popularity wasn’t quick for Karla Bonoff The musician will be making a stop to play Wednesday at The Shedd with collaborator Nina Garber Success is a word that can mean different things. It can be as simple as a favorable outcome. However, to be considered a success, the meaning usually becomes associated with wealth and prosperity. It’s no … Video game review: ‘Super Mario Run’ worth every penny A lit-up ‘Sleepover’: After finding success in a more traditional band, Erik Trejo turns to mixing Golden Globes analysis: In a drastic shift, honoring the newcomers More Entertainment » Tastings Food Building blocks of Japanese cuisine Eugene chefs share key insights to help decipher Japanese restaurant offerings What do karate and sushi rolls have in common? The “te” part of karate means hand, so if you see that on a sushi menu, as in temaki, you know the rolls were formed by … From vineyard’s oldest rows come fresh white pinots Time to embrace the darkness, at least in your beer choice Farm-fresh peppers, stuffed for your satisfaction More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Gaming News Game Reviews Game Trailers GR Originals Strategy Guides Hot Topics: 2017 Video Game Release Schedule Destiny Mass Effect Andromeda PS4 Pro Xbox One PC Pokemon GO Still Coming to Apple Watch By Rob Gordon | 3 weeks ago  Amid speculation that Pokemon GO is being dropped from development for the Apple Watch, Apple confirms that the mobile title is still planned for a release on the device. There have been plenty of changes of late when it comes to Pokemon GO. Not only have players of the game seen the title’s new tracker tool expand into different regions, but the title has also unveiled new baby Pokemon to hatch. However, there was still one promised update that has been mysteriously looked over: where, exactly, was the promised Apple Watch app for the game? Players were initially told about Pokemon GO for Apple Watch several months ago, but owners of the Apple device have not heard anything in a while. As such, Pokemon GO players after the chance to play the title with Apple Watch were growing concerned that there were some issues behind the scenes, and this was not helped by speculation that the port to the device was being cancelled. Now, however, Niantic has been able to give an update on the issue. It’s good news for Apple Watch owners, too. The developer took to the official Pokemon GO Twitter account to confirm that the Apple Watch version of Pokemon GO is still on the way, although no actual release date was advised. “Pokemon GO for Apple Watch is coming soon,” stated the post. “Stay tuned.” Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 Although some may be frustrated at the lack of concrete details, it’s at least put to rest the notion that the game was not going to make it to Apple Watch at all. However, as we edge ever closer to the end of 2016, it does look likely that the previously-set target of an end-of-year release of the Apple Watch app is going to be missed – but hopefully not by much. The Apple Watch app for the title is going to act as a peripheral of sorts, akin to a more complex version of the Pokemon GO Plus. Players will be able to see information such as the XP needed to reach a new level, nearby Pokemon, and the distance needed to hatch eggs, as well as actively being able to collect from PokeStops and watch eggs hatch. However, users would still need to use their iPhone itself in order to catch any Pokemon. Although no release date for Apple Watch has been set, it’s likely that Niantic will want to act fast on this. Pokemon GO was one of the biggest games of 2016, acting as the most popular Google search of the year and even earning itself awards, but that popularity is not going to last forever. To truly make the most of the game’s potential, the developer will want to get the app onto Apple Watch as soon as possible. tags: Apple, Game Freak, Niantic, Nintendo, Pokemon, Pokemon GO, The Pokemon Company Game Title Pokemon GO Platform Android, ios Publisher Niantic Developer Niantic Release Jul 06, 2016 Load Comments Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2016 Game Rant, LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Apple loses wireless patent violation and employee rest break lawsuits By Mark Wilson Published 3 weeks ago 18 Comments Tweet A jury in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California has ruled against Apple in a lawsuit about wireless patent infringement. Core Wireless was awarded $7.3 million in damages after Apple was found to have violated two patents owned by the company. Apple was found to have infringed upon Core Wireless' patents in iPhones and iPads, taking advantage of technology that "provide innovations that improve battery life and signal quality in mobile phones". The company is expected to appeal against the ruling, but this is not the only case it has lost. Core Wireless is a subsidiary of Conversant Intellectual Property Management, and Conversant CEO Inc, and John Lindgren said: "We are very pleased with the verdict. We appreciate the efforts of the court and the jury. This confirms the strength of the Core Wireless portfolio, especially following our success against LG earlier this year in two cases in the Eastern District of Texas". In addition to the $7.3 million damages, Core is also seeking interest on the award dating back to 2011. Earlier this week, Apple lost another case too. A San Diego Superior Court jury ruled against the company in a California Labor Code violation case. Apple was accused of failing to provide legally required meal and rest breaks for a period of four years. Apple was ordered to pay $2 million, and is again expected to appeal. Image credit: Anna Hoychuk / Shutterstock 18 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader Tech Infrastructure Will Rule The year ahead will be slow for consumer tech, but Internet infrastructure stocks will boom. By Tiernan Ray Biography December 17, 2016 The year ahead in tech will see a sharper-than-usual divide between personal technology and the building of what’s known as infrastructure for companies to use for data processing. In short: Consumer tech is faltering, while the realm of infrastructure shows greater and greater promise. The one topic that unites both is the prospect of a statutory tax-rate reduction, and a repatriation of overseas profits, under President Donald J.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Games Apple Watch users confirmed to get Pokemon Go Pokemon Go players with Apple Watch now have lots to cheer about. Rahul R December 18, 2016 14:40 IST Apple Watch users confirmed to get Pokemon GoReuters In what could be termed as potentially good news, popular AR-based game Pokemon Go would hit Apple Watch platforms after all. This development trashes earlier rumours that had hinted at Pokemon Go overlooking Apple Watch users. Now, as per the latest official development, Pokemon Go developer Niantic stated in an official tweet that Apple Watch users can expect the AR-based game in the near future. However, no official release timeline was revealed by Niantic in its new tweet. Check out this tweet below: Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.— Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 Pokemon Go loyalists are now of the opinion that the game would hit Apple Watch during early 2017. In related Pokemon Go developments, Niantic came out with two brand new Pokemons along with letting players hatch these. The new Pokemon additions are Pichu and Togepi, which are now hatchable, along with other unnamed Pokemons discovered in the Johto geography in the Pokemon Gold and Silver edition. To find the above Pokemons, gamers can acquire eggs by heading to and spinning PokeStops. Eggs thus acquired would hatch potentially leading to the emergence of Togepi, Pichu and even other Pokemon. Therefore, gamers can try hatching the newly acquired eggs. In addition to the above, Niantic has also introduced a new aspect which will now lead gamers towards special-edition Pikachu across the world. Players can identify these special-edition Pikachu monsters with their new festive hats. Going by what Niantic has claimed, players should get to encounter increased special edition Pikachu's (with their distinctive festive caps) till the end of the day on December 29. Related Flipkart to offer generous discounts on OnePlus 3, iPhone 6S, Moto E3 Power via Big Shopping Days sale Pokemon Go released in India: System requirements on smartphone to play AR-game Apple AirPods now on sale in US Also read This is how Google plans its Android Wear 2.0 to beat Apple's WatchOS and Samsung Gear S2, S3 Apple wireless AirPods launch delayed again Quick Links Apple Pokemon Go Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Mass Effect 2 PC version available for free 9 hours ago By Aditya Bhat ZTE's Blade V8 is actually a good-looking dual-camera smartphone for budget shoppers 9 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Oz researchers impressed by Canada's controversial alcohol management programs Norway set to become first country to switch off FM radio completely Why advertise with us? most popular Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017 Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017. Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 and more These smartphones will change the way we look at smartphones. Tech for kids: This microSD card turns your old smartphone into a great learning device Make learning fun for your kids with CG Slate microSD card-powered tablets and smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S8 series launch delayed by a month Samsung has reportedly decided to skip Galaxy S8 launch at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017 in February and has plans to unveil it on a later date. Will Microsoft Lumia end soon? New developments add substance to speculation Services offered by ShotonmyLumia have been ported to the official Microsoft Lumia Instagram account. From VR shoes to vibrating shorts, these crazy tech gadgets at CES 2017 will leave you speechless Without these gadgets, CES 2017 would be uninspiring. Mi CES 2017 live stream: Where to watch product launch event online and time zone details Xiaomi's Mi CES 2017 event is scheduled to kick off at 11:00 am PST on January 5 (00:30 am IST, January 6). Nokia Android phone's 2017 roadmap is bigger than you thought Nokia's brand affiliate HMD Global Oy intends to launch more than five Android-powered smartphones in 2017. Photo Gallery Remo D'Souza launches mobile app #surprise Bollywood choreographer Remo D'Souza during the official launch of his own mobile application #surprise in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda at 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards Celebs like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda, Ankita Shrivastava, Amruta Fadnavis, Mannara Chopra, Arsheen Nawdar and others spotted during at the 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
LatestVideosReviewsEverything               Arcade Store + my escapist quizzes groups video galleries forums Site Info & Announcements Gaming Discussion Off-Topic Discussion Game Industry Discussion Featured Content The News Room User Reviews Forum Games Role Playing Religion and Politics Advice Forum Tech Discussion Code of Conduct join sign in Sign-in to your Escapist account to enter contest, post comments, and simply be more awesome. Not a member? Register Now video games LatestVideosReviewsEverything movies & tv LatestVideosReviewsEverything comics & cosplay LatestVideosReviewsEverything tabletop LatestVideosReviewsEverything science & tech LatestVideosReviewsEverything All Browsing Options Background Color         Reading Font Lato Alt Sans Roman Reading Size Aa Aa Aa Pokemon Go's Apple Watch Version Not Cancelled Steven Bogos | 17 Dec 2016 23:36 3  Niantic has refuted reports that the Apple Watch version of the game has been cancelled. For those of you with Apple Watches, eager for Niantic's promised launch of Pokemon Go, I've got some good news. A report from 9to5mac suggested that the version has been shelved, but Niantic has just come out and confirmed that it is indeed still in development and is coming "soon." Initially, the version was due out by the end of 2016, which while highly unlikely, is still possible. "Pokemon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon," Tweeted the official Niantic Twitter. "Stay tuned." The Apple Watch version of the game, announced back in September, actually functions a lot more like the Pokemon Go Plus perhiphreal rather than the full version. Players will be able to hatch eggs and visit Pokestops, but they will not be able to capture new Pokemon. Hopefully, versions of the game for other smartwatches will follow in the near future! Source: Twitter Related to: steven bogos, apple watch, niantic, nintendo, pokemon, pokemon go, smartphone, video games Comments [3]    3 Tweet RELATED CONTENT Man At Arms: Reforged: Oathkeeper Keyblade (Kingdom Hearts) Team Hollywood 3 Comments Agents of Cosplay: Nintendo Cosplay - Cute, Cuddly, & Colorful Liana Kerzner 1 Comment What Satoru Iwata's Legacy Can Teach Us About Inclusive Cosplay Liana Kerzner 4 Comments Who Should Be In a GTA V Movie? Firefilm 17 Comments Darknet Preview - Hack the Planet! Encaen 1 Comment Week of Wicked Halloween s0osleepie 7 Comments Good Bad Flicks: Every Reference in Silent Hill CecilT 12 Comments Comments on POPULAR ARTICLES 8 Video Game Characters Stand-ins For the Holidays Miss Sloane - A Woman Fights for Stricter Gun Control Ron's Five Favorite Games of 2016 The Year in Review, and Emails from the Edge V: The Forum Post Frontier POPULAR COMICS #163: Reverse Psychology CONTACT Submissions Tip Us Help Contact CONTENT News Features Reviews Videos Comics FIND US Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest RSS IRC MORE INFO About Us Ethics Policy Press Releases Terms of Use Privacy Policy / CA Privacy Policy     © 2005-2017 Defy Media, LLC Part of the Addicting Games network. Served from: 10.0.0.105 | Version: com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 17, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 Gift Guide: 10 stocking stuffer picks that are $50 or less Chance Miller - Dec. 17th 2016 2:56 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Feature gift guide View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit So far I’ve offered up my personal picks for this holiday season, as well as picks targeted at college kids and teens. Now, however, as we head into the home stretch of holiday shopping, you’re might be realizing that your budget is running a bit low… Fear not, as below I’ve broken down the best tech stocking stuffer picks for under $50, with a special section dedicated to tech under $10. These picks include a variety of items, some useful for smart home setups, others for productivity and practical use. Read on for a complete break down of my top 10 picks for stocking stuffers under $50. (Hint: I actually include a lot more than 10 products…) Roku While it’s not an Apple TV, if you’re shopping on a budget then the Roku is argubaly the best streaming media device on the market. Coming in at under $50 are the Roku Express and Roku Streaming Stick, both of which are full featured streaming devices that connect to any TV with an HDMI port. Roku Express – $29 Roku Streaming Stick $48 Amazon Echo Dot 9to5Toys named it the product of the year and for good reason. Coming in at just $40 from Best Buy, the Echo Dot is an incredibly powerful voice-activated assistant. Using the Alexa app on iOS, users can easily up and control the Echo Dot, using it to control music, smart home products, and much more. Amazon Echo Dot – $40 Tile Mate At just under $25 is Tile Mate. Essentially, this little gadget can be attached to nearly any device. The purpose of it is to help you keep track of easily lost items such as your keys or your wallet. Using the accompanying Tile app for iOS, you can keep track of your Tile Mate accessories and see where each one of them is. If you misplace one, you can use the app to have the Tile Mate make a loud noise until you find it. Tile Mate – $25 Apple Watch Dock If the person you’re buying for is an Apple Watch user, then you can’t go wrong with a solid Apple Watch dock. A variety of options exist around $50 and well under. It’s important to note that while these docks don’t include built-in chargers, the charger included with the Apple Watch should work without issue. Head below for a few of my personal picks: Spigen S330 Apple Watch Dock – $10 Ziku Aluminum Apple Watch + iPhone Dock – $39 Renoj Aluminum Apple Watch Dock – $15 Bentoben Apple Watch Dock – $13 Oittm Apple Watch Charging Stand with 3 built-in USB ports – $32.99 iDevices Switch – HomeKit Smart Plug At just under $50, the iDevices Switch is a perfect stocking stuffer this holiday season. The Switch can simply be plugged into any existing outlet and that outlet will then have HomeKit capabilities. From there, you can control whatever is plugged into that outlet via your smartphone. The iDevices Switch is a great starter product for anyone looking to get into the HomeKit game this holiday season. iDevices Switch – $49.99 Apple Watch Bands A variety of solid Apple Watch bands exist for $50 or less, both from Apple itself or a third-party. From Apple, you can get either a Sport band or a Woven Nylon band for $49.99, but a variety of third-party bands come in at a lot cheaper than that: Official Apple Watch Sport band – $49 Official Woven Nylon Apple Watch band – $49 Space Black Milanese Loop-like Penom band – $16 Sport band-style silicon Apple Watch band – $10 Apple Watch Nike+ replica – $19 Vintage Leather Apple Watch band – $20 Space Gray Stainless Steel band – $24 UE Roll Bluetooth Speaker The UE Roll is one of the best and most versatile speakers on the market and in refurbished condition, you can get one for just under our $50 limit. The UE Roll is waterproof and shockproof, featuring a design that offers 360-degree sound, 65-feet Bluetooth range, and 9 hours of battery life. It’s worth noting that at this price, you’re getting a refurbished model. Though, Amazon says it is “tested and certified to look and work like new.” Additionally, you get a 90-day warranty. If you’re looking for something that’s a bit cheaper and comes brand new, below are a couple of options in addition to the UE Roll. UE Roll (Refurbished) – $49.99 JBL Clip – $49.99 AmazonBasics Bluetooth Speaker $17 Logitech X100 Bluetooth Speaker – $25 Touchscreen Gloves If you anywhere that the temperature gets cold, gloves that work with the iPhone’s touchscreen will certainly be a welcome gift this holiday season. My person pick for a pair of touchscreen gloves for men are the Timberland Magic Gloves. For women, the iGotTech gloves are a high-rated option on Amazon with 914 reviews and an overall average of 4 out of 5 stars. Timberland Magic Gloves – $10 iGotTech Texting Gloves – $9 Anker Astro E1 5200mAh Battery Pack Battery packs are getting smaller and more powerful every day and one of the best options on the market right now is the Anker Astro E1, especially in terms of its size. The Astro E1 packs 5200mAh of battery life inside of a “candy bar-sized” design. The Astro E1 features one USB port and one microUSB port for charging the actual battery pack. Anker Astro E1 5200mAh Battery Pack Stocking Stuffers Under $10 Last but certainly not least, this last section is devoted to some stocking stuffers that come in at an ultra-affordable price of $10 or less: Tech Armor Complete Cleaning Kit – $9.95 Velcro Cable Tie – $6.09 iPhone cases for under $10 AmazonBasics Laptop Sleeve – $6.49 AmazonBasics Lightning to USB Cable – $5.99 and up MacBook Pro Silicone Keyboard Cover – $7.96 20-pack AA batteries – $8.31 AA/AAA battery charger – $9.99 2 pack USB-C to USB-A adapters – $9  Wrap Up For more holiday gift ideas, check out our other guides below: How to upgrade your holiday lights with HomeKit for Siri control and automation Apple Watch Gift Guide: best docks, bands, and active lifestyle accessories Gift Guide: Michael’s favorite wallet cases for iPhone Premium Wireless Audio Gift Guide: a sound choice for the music lovers in your life Gift Guide: Ben’s top picks for the gadget lovers in your life, from $6 to $1000 Gift Guide: Benjamin’s top ten picks for best iPhone, iPad & Mac tech gifts any Apple user will love Gift Guide: Chance’s top products and accessories for Apple fanatics Gift Guide: Tech (and more) to buy for college kids that will help them have fun & be productive Guides gift guide View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 If you own an iPhone, you should download Apple's new troubleshooting app right now Kif Leswing Dec. 14, 2016, 9:34 AM 60,595 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Apple launched a new app on Tuesday for users of its products. Apple Support, Apple's latest app, collects help support documents, troubleshooting tips, and direct access to repair shops like Apple Stores in one place. You can download it from the US App Store right now. Most of the information available on the app can also be found online, but Apple has done a great job of collecting it in one place. It's also nifty that the app uses your Apple ID to automatically populate it with your specific Apple products — including Macs, iPhones, iPads, and Apple Watches — so you can easily troubleshoot your device. The app also includes useful information like your iPhone's serial and IMEI numbers. And if you're having a physical issue, like a battery problem or a nonresponsive touch screen, the app will facilitate making an appointment at an Apple Store or chatting with a support rep. The app is free, and you can download it now. Here's what it looks like: Kif Leswing Apple SEE ALSO: Amazon just made its first delivery by drone — here's the video NOW WATCH: Weed, crab legs, and a mermaid — inside the massive marijuana-mansion party thrown by Instagram's 'Marijuana Don' Loading video... More: Apple Apple Support Apps Mobile Apps Apple apps Customer Service facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru If you own an iPhone, you should download Apple's new troubleshooting app right now If you own an iPhone, you should download Apple's new troubleshooting app right now Apple launched a new app on Tuesday for users... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Review: Bragi Headphone Wireless Earbuds subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.17.16. 12.17.16 Time of Publication: 6:30 am. 6:30 am Review: Bragi Headphone Wireless Earbuds Bragi Ambition is the enemy of success. At least if you’re Bragi, the headphone maker whose first product, the Dash, did a thousand things without doing any of them particularly well. The Dash in-ear headphones slash head-mounted computer tried to tackle fitness, translation, gesture control, mixed-reality audio, and more. Which all might have been fine, except the Dash could barely hold a Bluetooth connection long enough to finish a song. This time Bragi’s back with a pair of headphones that do a lot of headphone things and not much else. As if to prove the point beyond all doubt, they’re even called The Headphone. For $149, these truly wireless earbuds pop out of their charging case and into your ears, where they’ll connect to almost any device. And, praise be, they tend to stay connected. The Headphone may not be the ear-puter of the future, but it’s a perfectly good set of truly wireless headphones. And that’s no small feat. WIRED If you’ve never spent a day with truly wireless earbuds, you’re missing out. The Headphone, like a lot of the good models in this space, are just small and light enough that you forget they’re there. Eventually it feels like beautiful music is just playing inside your head. The quarter-sized Headphone buds are much easier to hide or disguise than the long AirPods or the large Beats Solo. They fit snugly in my ears, and the tips create a nice seal. (You should experiment a bit, though, to find which of the included options fits best in your ears.) Bluetooth connection is solid, if not quite flawless yet. Once you get them working, these buds have reasonably dynamic, powerful sound, certainly more than I expected from a gizmo this small. Their neat audio-transparency feature lets you decide how much real-world sound you want to hear, You control playback with three buttons on the right earbud, which takes some getting used to but is much easier than the Dash’s inscrutable set of swipes and taps. TIRED Connecting the Headphone via Bluetooth is as simple as any pair of headphones, even if doesn’t have the one-touch magic of the new Apple devices. The Headphone’s battery doesn’t always hold up to the advertised six hours, and because the case doesn’t double as a charger you’re hosed if even one bud dies while you’re out. And oh, by the way, they don’t turn off when you put them in the case. I learned this the hard way. It can be awkward to know where to put these headphones when they’re not in your ear, which is why Bragi put the case on a lanyard so you can have it with you always. (Don’t wear the case, folks.) The membrane buttons don’t click, they smush. All of the Headphone’s parts, from the case to the buds themselves, feel a little cheaper than I’d like from a $150 set of earphones. Like the Dash, the Headphone’s microphone isn’t even good enough to dictate text messages accurately. They’re water-resistant enough for a run, but not a swim. RATING 7/10 – Their build doesn’t inspire much confidence, and some of the advanced tech needs some work, but The Headphone proves this kind of truly wireless earbud really can work. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. bragi Headphones Wireless headphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email bragi Headphones Wireless headphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.16.16. 12.16.16 Time of Publication: 6:20 am. 6:20 am Review: Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless Headphones Beats You wouldn’t think there would be that many different ways to make a wireless headphone. But in recent months, as every company with an Amazon profile has scrambled to put something in your ears with fewer cables and more capabilities, every imaginable color, shape, and size has been tried. Most of them are so big they’re hard to wear, or so small their batteries only last through half a Brian Eno track. But Beats, which has been making wireless headphones a lot longer than most, knows what it’s doing. The new Powerbeats3 Wireless earphones look just like the Powerbeats you already know from all those commercials. They’re not exactly understated; nothing from Beats ever is. And they don’t have the same sort of futuristic vibe you get from the totally wireless AirPods, either. But if you’re looking for a pair of headphones you can wear all day, every day, no matter the weather or your activity, these are pretty tough to beat. WIRED In addition to the buds that jam into your ear canals, the Powerbeats3 have big adjustable hooks on both sides that wrap over your ear to keep everything secure. As a result, they’re the most stable, comfortable wireless headphones I’ve ever tried. I can wear them all day without pain. The in-line remote is handy and useful, and the microphones in both buds are excellent for phone calls and Siri. Beats If you use Apple devices, the included W1 chip makes pairing absurdly easy and rock-solid, just as it does with AirPods and the Solo3 on-ear headphones. In two weeks of using the Powerbeats3, I’ve only had the audio drop out once, and only for an instant. The extra Bluetooth power means I can walk three rooms away and still be connected. The battery lasts at least the 12 hours advertised, which means I’ve only been charging them about once a week. They sound a little Beats-y, with big highs and lows that make everything a little more dramatic than it needs to be, but the mids come through really nicely and even out the sound a bit. TIRED Pairing the Powerbeats3 is really easy, but sort of opaque: you press the button on the headphones, hold them close to whatever device you’re pairing, and… wait for something to happen. It almost always works, but it’s still too much mystery. (If you pair it with any non-Apple device, it’s just like any other set of headphones.) The play/pause button on the remote is just mushy enough that I can never tell if I’ve actually pressed it. If you’re looking for true sound isolation, look elsewhere: the Powerbeats3 go into your ear, but not quite far enough to drown out the world. In Apple’s world of USB-C and Lightning, it’s dumb that these headphones charge with Micro USB. And, like all Beats products, the Powerbeats3 are both very expensive ($199) and very conspicuous. RATING 8/10 – You’re paying a little too much for the Beats brand and getting a little too much of that Beats sound, but these are fantastic workout headphones—and great for everything else, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Beats Bluetooth headphones Headphones Wireless headphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Beats Bluetooth headphones Headphones Wireless headphones Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 6:26 am. 6:26 am Review: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Typing on a mechanical keyboard is like driving a car with a manual transmission. It’s unwieldy at first and not for everyone, but there is no substitute for the immediacy and control. Sure, most people get by with the squishiness of those membrane keyboards Apple and Dell throw in the box, but those sheep live in a blissful state of unawareness. Mechanical keyboard people are woke. Yes, they are noisy. That only makes typing more fun. Sentences flow like music. Rhythmic lines blast by in quick succession. Tempos ebb and flow, each percussive phrase punctuated by the sharp thwack of the Enter key—which, on a quality keyboard, sounds like a gunshot. Passages express the range of human emotion, from the crack of an angry email to the pitter-patter of a gossipy Slack. Das Keyboard is among the premiere manufacturers of mechanical keyboards. Its latest, the Prime 13, is priced near the middle of the range at $149, but the Cherry MX Brown switches help it perform like a higher-priced model. These are quality German key mechanisms—the good shit. Under the keys, lies a soft backlight system powered by pure white LEDs. The black keycaps sport glowing white letters in a chunky typeface, and they’re nestled within a plate of matte-black anodized aluminum. In a product category that tends to skew garish and geeky, it’s refreshing to see something so austere. Just black and glowing white. So smooth. Even the 6-foot black braided cable looks the business. The Cherry Browns are renowned for a tactile “bump” at the point where the keystroke registers. The keys provide just the right amount of friction under the fingertips, and just enough clack-clack-clack to stimulate the brain’s pleasure center. This choice of switch makes the Prime 13 eminently approachable. If you’re looking for a place to start with mechanicals, you won’t find a better point of entry. WIRED A comfortable and smartly designed mechanical keyboard that’s a joy to type on; one of the best I’ve tried. Fast typists will love that tactile Cherry brown action. Key clicks are quiet enough not to totally annoy cubemates, but can get satisfyingly loud if strokes are delivered with authority or emotion. Rugged build—the entire top of the shell is a nice, thick aluminum plate. USB pass-through cable for connecting a mouse or another peripheral. TIRED It’s heavy (nearly three pounds) and not at all compact. Mechanicals are always on the larger side anyway, but the girth here clashes with the minimal aesthetic of the black-on-black, backlit design. Desktop ergonomics are mostly good, but there’s no getting around the bulk. Properly mapping the function keys and media keys on macOS took some trial and error. RATING 8/10 – Excellent. Your fingers deserve better than whatever you’re using right now, and this is a great upgrade. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. accessories mechanical keyboards Product reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email accessories mechanical keyboards Product reviews Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 08.31.16. 08.31.16 Time of Publication: 2:30 pm. 2:30 pm Review: Hasselblad True Zoom Camera for Moto Z Motorola The first rule of smartphone photography is don’t ever, ever zoom. (The second rule is “When in doubt, selfie.”) Phones don’t use optical zoom, which re-focuses a camera on a smaller frame, helping preserve image quality. They use digital zoom, which is just cropping. When you fling your fingers apart to see the band bigger on your phone screen, all you’re doing is chopping your photo down to a teeny-tiny rectangle. It won’t get sharper, or brighter. It will just suck. Don’t do it. Optical zoom is what you want, but optical zoom also requires a lot more lens hardware. Which would mean a bigger camera. Which would mean a bigger phone. Which you don’t want, most of the time. But “most of the time” is exactly what the Moto Z is trying to do away with. The modular phone lets you click on accessories when you need them, and yank them off when you’re done. Moto’s newest mod? The Hasselblad True Zoom, which adds a big lens with 10x optical zoom, a shutter button, and a flash to the back of your phone. It costs $250 if you buy it at a Verizon store, or $300 straight from Motorola, which makes no sense at all. When you attach the True Zoom, it actually covers the Z’s internal camera — it uses your phone’s software, but its own hardware. It turns your phone into something much more versatile than your average Android. WIRED As soon as you put on the True Zoom, it just becomes part of the Moto Z. It’s black and gray and looks like a camera, rather than the crazy phone-accessory contraption it really is. Having a dedicated shutter button, and a physical button for launching the camera app, is amazing. The True Zoom launches the camera app automatically as soon as it’s attached, so you’re up and firing quickly. Somehow Motorola resisted the urge to add a million settings to its software, so the Moto Camera app is clean and simple. You can control the camera manually if you like, and even shoot RAW, but things are automatic. Having 10x zoom (25-250mm, in 35mm terms) for smartphone photos is fantastic. It’s the difference between capturing the whole mountain, and the cool house at the top. The zoom is fast and smooth. It’s not just the zoom, either. All my photos look better through the True Zoom. All the specs are roughly equivalent to a decent point-and-shoot camera, but with this one you get access to Instagram, Google Photos, and every editing app you love. TIRED Your fancy new camera only shoots 1080p video, whereas the phone itself can capture in 4K. The True Zoom’s aperture range goes from f/3.5-f/6.5, which means your photos are going to look darker than you expect through this lens. A lot darker, in some cases, especially when you zoom all the way in. Don’t use this in low light. The shutter button’s a little mushy, and the image stabilization’s a little subpar, which together means I have a dozen otherwise in-focus photos that became blurry when I smashed the shutter trying to get it to work. Half-pressing the shutter to focus is nice, but it’s sloooow. When you flip the Moto Z around to take a selfie, the True Zoom turns off. Then you want the rear camera again, and the True Zoom has to whir back to life. Everything about the operation—the zooming, the turning on, the capturing a photo—is a little slow and a lot loud. Both phone and mod are thin and light, but put the two pieces together and your phone’s barely pocketable at all. Also, regardless of how good the True Zoom is, you have to be truly committed to Motorola to be able to use it at all. RATING 6/10 – Your phone deserves a better camera. This is a better camera, even if using it doesn’t always feel great. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cameras Hasselblad modular phones moto z Motorola Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email cameras Hasselblad modular phones moto z Motorola Reviews Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 04.23.16. 04.23.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 am. 5:48 am Review: Libratone Zipp The Zipp comes in two sizes. This is the larger one. Josh Valcarcel/WIRED The first Libratone speaker I remember testing was the company’s debut product from 2011, an AirPlay sound bar called the Lounge that mounted on the wall. After that there were other speakers, all covered in cloth, all rather large, and offering premium sound. There was the Loop, the Live, and the smaller, portable Zipp. Now, Libratone has redesigned the Zipp from the inside out, and the speaker is currently the company’s only product. Libratone doesn’t sell any of those old, big speakers anymore—just portables. Consider this a rebirth, I guess. The new Zipp is small, cylindrical, and battery-powered, all things that are very much in vogue. The speaker actually comes in two sizes, the 10-inch tall Zipp ($299) and the 8.8-inch tall Zipp Mini ($249). Both have little leather straps for handles, and both are covered in cloth. In fact, you can buy additional mesh cloth covers for $29 each, and you just (yep) zip them on. This portable boombox has a couple of cool tricks that set it apart from other wireless speakers. First, you can link up to six speakers together via Wi-Fi and place them around the house to spread out the sound. You can make them all play the same music, or play different tracks in each room and control it all from a single phone app, sort of like Sonos. Second, it supports multiple wireless options: you can use it as a Bluetooth speaker, or (once you connect it to your Wi-Fi network using Libratone’s app) you can stream music via AirPlay, DLNA, or Spotify Direct. WIRED Great sound for a small speaker. Inside the larger Zipp, there’s a 100-watt Class D amp, a 4-inch woofer, two 1-inch tweeters, and two 4-inch passive radiators. These are all placed around the face of the cylinder so the sound spreads out in a circle. It gets very loud, and while some small speakers sound like a car horn when you crank them, the Zipp sounds pretty natural at higher volumes. I played a lot of bass-heavy jams (Erykah, Nicola Cruz, Peter Tosh) and the little thing really thumps. The Zipp Mini (60 watts, 3-inch woofer, and one tweeter) doesn’t sound nearly as good, and I can’t recommend it—spend the extra $50 and get the bigger one. App makes connecting to your Wi-Fi network easy. Battery lasts longer than the quoted 10 hours; more like 12 in my testing at moderate volume. Also the speaker can charge your phone via a USB port in the base. TIRED The on-board controls are a mess. All interactions—changing volume, skipping tracks, linking multiple speakers together, favoriting songs—are accomplished via a big button on the top. There’s a capacitive metal ring on the outside of this button that you run your finger around to change the volume, but it’s garbage. Swipes and taps simply would not register half the time. One thing that does work is the “Hush” feature: hold your hand over the button for a second and the sound mutes. But that’s not enough to make me feel better. I wound up using my phone for skipping songs and changing volume, which is actually just fine because that’s how most people interact with a wireless speaker anyway. Charging is accomplished with a proprietary, wall-wart-style charger. This means you have another chunk of plastic to pack with you on vacation, and it means you can’t charge it with a USB cable like every other gadget in your home. RATING 6/10 Nice sound, nice features, but tough to really love. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. AirPlay Speakers bluetooth speakers libratone portable audio wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email AirPlay Speakers bluetooth speakers libratone portable audio wireless speakers Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 04.21.16. 04.21.16 Time of Publication: 4:00 am. 4:00 am Review: Beoplay A1 The Beoplay A1 speaker from Bang & Olufsen Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Danish consumer electronics maker Bang & Olufsen has a new Bluetooth speaker, the Beoplay A1. The aluminum sound-dome comes pre-accessorized with a quaint leather strap. Loop it through your belt, hang it on a door knob. Cute! The A1 is the smallest Bluetooth speaker in B&O’s Beoplay line of mobile products. It’s about 5 inches in diameter and about 2 inches tall, or about the size of a Quarter Pounder with cheese. Inside you’ll find two drivers: a 3.5-inch aluminum cone for lows and mids, and a 3/4-inch dome tweeter to handle the tippy-top end. A pair of 30-watt class D amps powers them. The rest of the A1 is seemingly all battery (it weighs a hefty 1.3 pounds)—a 2200 mAh cell that B&O claims gives you 24 hours of playback. The bottom half is rubberized, and you place the A1 on a table perforated side up so it fills the room with a fountain of audio waves. It doesn’t look like a big silver hockey puck, but rather a beautiful big silver hockey puck. As I carried it around the office, colleagues showered it with an unbroken stream of praise. “Oh, it’s gorgeous” and “That’s too pretty to be a speaker” and “I don’t know what it is exactly, but I want it.” That’s the nut of it. Smart design always has been the primary reason to buy a Bang & Olufsen product. You can find scads of excellent Bluetooth speakers for less than the $249 you’ll pay for an A1. But none of them will turn heads like an A1. Credit that to Cecilie Manz, who also designed the slightly larger Beoplay A2, and the lunchbox-like Beolit 15. The A1 and the A2, of course, share the same design language, right down to the leather strap and the perforations on the speaker grill. They display a visual sophistication that elevates these speakers above the slew of products that perform the same functions. So yes, if you want a speaker, there are many. If you want a beautiful speaker, this one’s among the beautifulest. WIRED Superb sound. B&O applies some gentle digital signal processing to keep the audio distortion-free as you crank it up, though it succeeds in keeping things crisp at all volumes. Music rarely sounds overly processed. The low end is far more powerful than expected from something this small; the fuzz bass in Ty Segall’s reading of “Diversion” rumbled the whole table. Gorgeous industrial design with a noticeable attention to detail. Leather strap makes it simple to mount on a wall, or anywhere really. Battery life is great—I got five days of heavy use out of it between charges. The USB-C charger blasts electrons to the battery with unmatched fury, bringing it from fully depleted to fully ready in less than 100 minutes. Works as a speakerphone. Choose between matte silver and mossy green. TIRED At $249, too pricey for most people. You’re buying this speaker because it sounds great and runs for a long time, but you’re mostly buying it because you like the way it looks. The cheaper UE Boom 2 ($200) doesn’t have the big bass or the big battery, but it is excellent in its own right and it’s waterproof. The Beoplay A1 is not waterproof—don’t hang it in the shower. The USB-C cable means that you can’t charge it with any of the 641 USB-not-C cables already in your home. What, no rose gold? RATING 8/10 Great sound, great design, but that’s a lot of Satoshis. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Bang and Olufsen bluetooth speakers Reviews wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Bang and Olufsen bluetooth speakers Reviews wireless speakers Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Gear Date of Publication: 04.06.16. 04.06.16 Time of Publication: 9:01 am. 9:01 am Review: Moleskine Smart Writing Set Moleskine Tons of people still prefer paper. Moleskine is living proof of this as a successful journal company whose revenue still chiefly comes from its paper products. But we live in a world where digital rules, and Moleskine knows it needs to participate. The Smart Writing Set ($200) caters to that segment of the population who still like jotting down ideas in an honest-to-goodness journal, but also want the convenience of automatically digitized notes. Pen, paper, and an app technically make up the writing set, but your smartphone provides much of the operating power needed to make the system work. Yes, there are other products that bridge the gap between analog and digital, letting you draw sketches or take notes then creating a shareable, editable version. (So many of them.) But how many can claim to be from a legendary brand? WIRED Moleskine has waded into digital products before, but it leveraged partnerships with other companies who already own a piece of that world (Evernote, Livescribe). The Smart Writing Set represents the company’s first effort to brand an entire pen-paper-and-app set by itself, and it’s clearly picked up a few smart things from experience. The black aluminum pen (a Neo smartpen) feels solid and sleek compared to Livescribe’s bulkier versions, and it incorporates some cool tech: a hidden camera that traces and digitizes your every stroke of the pen. The notebook itself—which Moleskine calls a Paper Tablet—is a big part of the offering, too, and it’s every bit a pleasure to write in as the company’s other journals. The app, meanwhile, lets you liven up your notes and sketches with colors or even erase portions of your notes. (It’s iOS only for now, with Android coming soon.) You can tag, search, or export each page, and sharing is compatible with a plethora of applications and devices, including iCloud, Google Drive, Evernote and Adobe. Oh, and the thing digitizes everything—and can even capture audio—as you write. There’s still something oddly hypnotizing about watching your pen strokes appear instantly on your mobile device, as if by magic. TIRED As a longtime Livescribe user, my biggest beef with Moleskine’s Smart Writing Set is that its recording capabilities are limited. There’s no way to hook up microphone earbuds, so I couldn’t use the paper tablet and pen to record phone calls—a crucial part of my job as a reporter. The system actually outsources much of its functionality to the smartphone. It relies on your smartphone’s mic to record audio, for one, and digitized notes take up smartphone memory—which is clever, since it allowed Moleskine to keep the pen’s design slim and sleek. But for $200, there isn’t a lot of tech on the pen itself. That also means constant fussing with the app to make sure your notes are being digitized properly. (Personally, I ran into problems with my notes going accidentally unrecorded when I forgot to power on the pen.) The pen’s battery lasts for five hours of continuous writing, which is pretty good—but it may have you running out of juice unexpectedly after a full day of note-taking. Basically, if you’re the kind of person who just wants to have fun occasionally digitizing or sharing your notes or drawings (a student, an artist), Moleskine’s Smart Writing Set will work just fine. But if your profession relies on your ability to take down highly accurate notes, you’ll be better off exploring other options. RATING 7/10 – Will make you look like a serious design nerd—but the emphasis is on creative fun, not meticulous function. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Moleskine notebooks pens Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Moleskine notebooks pens Reviews Author: Molly McHugh. Molly McHugh Gear Date of Publication: 03.13.16. 03.13.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Review: Fade Task Lamp Box Clever Box Clever, the San Francisco design firm that created the Fade Task Lamp, is obsessed with detail. Just take a look at its configurations for the table-top light: Everything from the patterns cut into the hardware to the font used on its packaging are deliberate choices. Why so much work for just a lamp? Probably because the Fade Task Lamp isn’t just a lamp, it’s a functional piece of furniture that happens to be beautiful, and actually fun to use. Yes, a lamp that’s fun to use. The LED array is perched at the end of an articulated arm you can bend without any cranking or prodding. A thick metal ribbon serves as the structural backbone. It’s flexible, so you can bend and reposition the arm with a smooth, gliding action. Once you find a position you like, magnets hidden inside the arm’s body hold it in place. The base has a control that lets you not only dim or brighten the light, but also change hues, just by sliding around a toggle on the base. Of course, such attention to detail and build quality translates into dollar signs! WIRED It’s beautiful. The Fade Task Lamp has a super simple, utilitarian design, which makes the fact that this lamp has “features” even better. On the base, there’s an x-y controller that you push around with one finger to change the temperature of the light from warm to cool, and the strength from dim to bright. It’s surprisingly pleasing, much more so than twisting a sticky knob. Seriously: You think pushing a small circle around inside of a bigger circle won’t be that fun, but watching it transform the light in the room is hypnotizing. The armature has a ton of movement, so you can angle the lamp however you want, for whatever surface you put it on. And it’s not so big that it looks ridiculous on a desk, but not so small that if you had it totally vertical it couldn’t sit on the floor. Oh, and there’s a USB port in the base for charging a mobile device, which is the clincher. TIRED $250 is a lot to spend on a lamp that doesn’t take up a corner of your home. Sure, like I said, if it’s totally vertical, the lamp could take residence on your floor. But then, you lose the purpose of the base’s swivel function to dim and brighten and change warmth. The lamp’s only con is it’s fairly high price—but anyone willing to spend a little extra on the ultimate desk companion will be happy to spend it. RATING 8/10 – There’s a higher end version of everything, right? Even lamps. This is that lamp. You will love lamp. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews review Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews review Reviews Author: Molly McHugh. Molly McHugh Gear Date of Publication: 03.10.16. 03.10.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Review: DxO One DXO Your iPhone camera is pretty damn good, but it’s not as good as dedicated camera with a big lens. A smartphone rig earns you convenience and portability, but you give up quality and utility. That’s where the DxO One comes in. It’s a palm-sized camera assembly for iPhone and iPad that plugs into your Lightning port and gives your mobile photos a serious performance boost. The 1-inch, 20-megapixel sensor sits behind a nice lens with an f/1.8 aperture. The software offers a suite of shooting modes and gives you full manual control over the camera’s operation. Plug the $499 DxO One into your iPhone and fire up the companion iOS app, and all of a sudden, the photo frame on your phone’s screen suddenly looks closer to what you’d see in the viewfinder of a Nikon D. WIRED The photos it takes are stunning, and the tiny device is discreet enough to carry on any outing. The build feels sturdy and the device is comfortable to hold when attached to the phone. The app is incredibly easy to use, and within moments of downloading, plugging the camera in, and firing it up, you’re shooting photos that simply could not have been taken with an iPhone. TIRED It’s a $500 iPhone accessory, which is really steep considering you could get a capable pocket camera for around $600. But of course, that camera isn’t going to let you use your smartphone for everything, and it’s not going fit in your pocket as easily. We ran into some performance issues with the DxO One. It’s slower than our testing committee liked, it crashed several times, and it was prone to overheating. At one point, it overheated, shut down, and we weren’t able to wake it back up. Clipping it in easy, though I found it a little awkward to get it to switch on so it could be plugged in. You have to slide the panel covering the lens on the side down, hold it, and then the Lightning plug will swing out—don’t try to force the plug to pop up! RATING 6/10 – The DxO One was super fun to use, and the photos we took with it are beautiful. But it’s a little expensive and a little crashy. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cameras DxO one iPhone mobile photography Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email cameras DxO one iPhone mobile photography Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 02.18.16. 02.18.16 Time of Publication: 5:30 am. 5:30 am Review: Klipsch Reference X6i Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Throughout its 70 years, the American audio company Klipsch has carried a reputation for innovation in design. From the famous Klipschorn design to the company’s signature copper-colored “Cerametallic” speaker cones, its products have swagger. The company’s new crop of excellent in-ear headphones, with their zinc flourishes and unique ear tips, carry the tradition. These in-ears are branded as “Reference” products—a term that, to audio nerds, signifies a flat frequency response and an un-messed-with sound free of the bass-boosting and audio-sweetening so prevalent today. The Klipsch Reference X6i in-ears cost $179, the least expensive of the new line. The most expensive, the X20i, are $549. I’m almost always attracted to the most affordable option, so I tried these for a few months. Even for the “budget” end of the line, they’re phenomenal. The X6i are my new go-to recommendation for reference in-ear headphones under $200. They’ve unseated my previous pick, the $150 Etymotic hf3. The Klipsch’s have comparable sound, but better cables, better ear tips, and better overall design. WIRED The sound is pretty much perfect; crisp without being sterile and loud without being fatiguing. The unique oval ear tips (Klipsch holds a patent on the design) provide an excellent, no-fuss seal within the ear canal. That seal is what enables an in-ear headphone to deliver good bass, and in this case, the bass is clear and dramatic. The box includes tips of many sizes, including flange tips that also create an excellent seal. Light and comfy; all-day wear is no problem. The cable is thick and coils easily. It never tangled or knotted, even when jamming the headphones into my back pocket and sitting through a meeting, or balling them up and tossing them into my carry-on when it came time to board the plane. The remote is large and forgiving. $180 is a great price for in-ears this nice. TIRED That big thick cable means lots of microphonic cable noise. You’ll need to use the clothing clip to keep your Rachmaninov from being smothered by rubbing noises. There are zinc elements in the earpieces, but otherwise there’s just a lot of plastic here. Anyone looking for bling will be disappointed. The wallet-like carrying case is interesting—you coil up the headphones then slip them into a pouch that folds in half—but I miss a fully-closing zipper case. These are all teeny quibbles! They sound great. Rating 9/10 Nearly flawless, buy it now Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Headphones In-ear headphones Klipsch Reviews Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Headphones In-ear headphones Klipsch Reviews Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 12.21.15. 12.21.15 Time of Publication: 6:50 pm. 6:50 pm Review: Mi In-Ear Headphones Mi The Chinese company Xiaomi is probably best known to people in the West for making phones that look a lot like iPhones. And while that’s true (look!), the manufacturing giant produces much more than handsets. There have been a steady stream of TVs, routers, and audio products released over the last couple of years under the company’s consumer-facing Mi brand name. This November, Xiaomi released a new set of Mi in-ear headphones. They debuted in China for 99 yuan, which means they’ll be priced at around $29 when they make their way to US consumers in the new year. Not a bad price for a nice set of metal earbuds. WIRED The fit and finish is exemplary for something this inexpensive. The sound chambers of the buds are made of machined aluminum and not only feel sturdy, but look really nice. Visually, they’re restrained and sophisticated. Even the plastic pieces feel like quality. Inside each chamber are two drivers: one balanced armature driver for the highs, and one traditional dynamic driver for the lows and mids. This design gives them a walloping low end—if you’re always aching for more bass, these might make you happy. But unlike other bottom-heavy earbuds, the vocals and the high end of the mix have their own driver, so they’re not obliterated by all that low-frequency muscle. There are a few different sizes of rubber tips in the box, so you can find a comfy fit pretty easily. The cables are Kevlar-reinforced, in case you need to take a bullet for a friend. TIRED Kudos to the dual-driver design for keeping things tidy on the high end. But that low end is so big and boomy, it’s overwhelming—most music ends up sounding murky. I found myself rolling off the lows inside my iPhone’s EQ settings during testing, and I still couldn’t clean up that bass. The hardware is smart, but it’s tuned in a way that diminishes the design. The tiny and oddly-shaped buttons on the inline remote make it difficult to manage. The cables are coated in rubber from the ears to the Y-joint in the middle, but from there down to the plug, the cable is protected by a braided sheath. The result is a cable with two different weights and textures, which I found odd. For $29, they sound good, but there are better cheap in-ears for the same money (Mrice, JLab, Soundmagic) as long as you’re OK with a lower-quality build. RATING 6/10 – A solid product with some issues Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews cheap earphones Headphones Reviews xiaomi Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews cheap earphones Headphones Reviews xiaomi Author: Eric Steuer. Eric Steuer Gear Date of Publication: 12.21.15. 12.21.15 Time of Publication: 5:12 pm. 5:12 pm Review: TIME Hi-Top Leather Slippers These sweet hi-tops are slippers, even though they look like sneaks. TIME TIME’s new line of footwear began as a Kickstarter project to make high-end slippers designed to look like sneakers. They’re now available for sale to the public in three styles: lows, mids, and high-tops (I tried out the highs). They look quite a bit different than the Kickstarter prototypes (much better, in my opinion), but the basics are pretty much what the designers had in mind at the outset of their crowdfunding campaign: Super soft leather uppers that are both flexible and strong. Insoles made out of the same material as yoga mats. Linings that are cozy but don’t cause sweaty feet. Stretch laces that make the shoes easy to slip on. The results are pretty great. TIME’s slippers are convenient, durable, and super comfortable. And while they’re pricey—you probably haven’t ever spent over $100 on slippers before—they look enough like outdoor shoes that you can easily get away with wearing them to hit the gym or go do errands. So you’ll get more use out of them than you would with standard house shoes. WIRED Straight up, these are just about the most comfortable things I’ve ever had on my feet. The soles are super flexible, but not flimsy. The wool lining is warm but breathable. And TIME’s designers made lots of smart choices that make these extra easy to wear. For instance, there’s a small slot above the heel that you grip with your thumb and use to take the slippers on and off. That might sound superfluous, but having the feature on these has made me want something similar on all of my high-tops. TIRED I really like these. And I don’t mind spending a little extra money on things that I really like. But $150 is a lot for high-top slippers! Even the low-tops are $95. If you do decide to wear them out into the real world, you’ll notice that the bright white midsoles will begin to look dirty pretty quickly, and that they’re a little difficult to scrub clean. I wish there was an option to get these in all-black. I’d like the look better, and black midsoles would keep the slippers looking fresher a little longer. Rating 8/10 Excellent with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. footwear Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email footwear Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 12.14.15. 12.14.15 Time of Publication: 9:16 pm. 9:16 pm Review: SteelSeries Nimbus Controller SteelSeries If you buy a new Apple TV this holiday season, or suspect you’re about to unwrap an iPad Pro, there’s just one other accessory you need: a gaming controller. Both devices are meant for playing games, and that cheap little glass remote isn’t going to cut it when you really get going in Disney Infinity. Apple doesn’t make an official controller, and you can use lots of Bluetooth-enabled accessories, but the SteelSeries Nimbus is the unofficial controller of choice. It’s the one they’ll tell you to buy at the Apple Store. For $50, you get a black controller that looks just like an Xbox or Playstation controller. The Nimbus has two analog sticks, a diamond of colored buttons, shoulder and triggers on each side, and a giant all-purpose Menu button. It doesn’t feel like a console-quality object; it feels like an add-on, not a critical piece of the experience. Still, it’s a solid controller, and it’s a whole lot better than mashing your fingers on the screen trying to thread your pass in FIFA. If you’re going to game on your new Apple device, this is a must-have. WIRED If you’ve ever played on a console—any console—you’ll figure the Nimbus out quickly. It works with iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and even Mac, so one controller will work for everything. Setup is insanely easy, just turn it on and pair it via Bluetooth. Charges via Lightning, so you almost certainly already have its charger plugged in to an outlet somewhere. Joysticks and buttons are solid and comfortable, and incredibly responsive in almost every way. You’ll finish Final Fantasy V long before the battery runs out. Companion app offers a running list of games that support the controller. TIRED The controls aren’t consistent across games, and it can be hard to figure out what does what. Many iPad and iPhone games don’t extend controller support through menus, so you’re still going back and forth to the touchscreen. The companion app is handy, but not optimized for the new devices. Shoulder buttons and triggers are mushy. The four numbered lights on the front are totally inscrutable—sometimes they mean battery, sometimes they show you’re connected, but you never know what you’re seeing. RATING 7/10 – Very good, but not quite great Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple apple tv controllers gaming ios iPad Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple apple tv controllers gaming ios iPad Author: Gordon Gottsegen. Gordon Gottsegen Gear Date of Publication: 12.08.15. 12.08.15 Time of Publication: 7:39 pm. 7:39 pm Review: iPhone Smart Battery Case Apple Seemingly out of nowhere, Apple created a battery case for the iPhone 6/6s. It may seem weird that Apple would release a new type of product unannounced, and it may also seem weird that the company chose to enter the competitive market of battery cases. But given Apple’s track record of trying out new things, and the fact that anything with that logo will sell, maybe this isn’t that surprising. Sure, you could speculate that Apple created the Smart Battery Case to supplement the unimpressive battery life of the iPhone 6s, but don’t mistake this as an admittance of failure. It’s more likely an attempt by Apple to branch out into a potential new market—right in time for the holidays. But is it worth your money? WIRED This case is designed to be forgotten about. Just put it on and enjoy the extra battery life. There are no indicator lights that show the case’s battery, and no on/off switch that will initiate charge, instead the case acts like it’s part of your battery. If you put your phone in the case when it has less than 100 percent, the case will start to charge it. When the case’s battery is gone, your iPhone will use its own battery. How do you know what percentage the case is at? Pull down the Notification Center and an icon will appear near the top telling you how much juice is left in your phone and case. It’s a cool little detail that shows off Apple’s inter-device compatibility, but it’s also the only way you can gauge the case’s battery. The case has a Lightning port for charging, which means you can plug in your iPhone in its case and charge both at the same time. This adds to the illusion that your case becomes one with your iPhone, and you never have to take it off. Besides performance, the material is quite nice. The silicone is super soft and feels like much higher quality than a lot of cheap silicone cases on the market. The case also manages to walk the middle ground between the slipperiness of a naked iPhone 6s, and those high-friction cheap silicone cases that are hard to pull out of tight pockets. It isn’t too bulky either, like a lot of battery cases out there, so you might get accustomed to the way it feels in your front pocket (depending on how tight your skinny jeans are). TIRED OK, so there’s no ignoring that hump. Apple was so focused on making their new iPhones as sleek as possible that it seems comical that their battery case has a strange-looking growth on its backside. Personally, it reminds me of an Almond Joy, except Almond Joys are delicious. But even if you get over the hump, the performance of the case isn’t that great. The 1,877 mAh battery won’t even give you a full charge from zero percent. Even if you don’t need that much charge, it puts the Apple case at a distinct disadvantage compared to other battery cases. And compared to other battery cases, this one is not cheap. The Smart Case sells for $99, which can get you a Mophie Juice Pack Air case with much better battery life (and no hump). Or you can buy a Mophie Juice Pack Reserve for $60 that has a comparable 1,840 mAh battery. It may seem harsh to keep bringing up Mophie, but you have to consider your options. The lack of buttons and indicators on the battery case also mean you don’t have any say in when your phone should be charging. If you’re used to other battery cases, this lack of control may be unsettling. If you like to your battery case on and off to give it a little bit of juice when needed, this case isn’t for you. But if you just want a case to put on once and never think about, then maybe this is worth the $99. RATING 6/10—A solid product with some issues Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Apple iPhone battery case capsule reviews iphone smart battery case Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Apple iPhone battery case capsule reviews iphone smart battery case Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.23.15. 11.23.15 Time of Publication: 11:36 am. 11:36 am Review: Beats Pill+ Josh Valcarcel/WIRED Remember the Beats Pill? Of course you do—the speaker was a hit a few years ago, and it was everywhere. An extension of the headphone brand, it came with that brash sound, that brash red “b” logo, and of course it fit inside this thing, which is certainly the silliest accessory in the history of mobile audio. Oh yeah and also, that Pill didn’t sound very good. Now that Apple has bought the company, we’re starting to see some of Cupertino’s product design savvy rub off on the Beats hardware. This new speaker, the Pill+, features not only a revamped design, but also a revamped audio engine and feature set. It’s too pricey at $230, but if you’re all-in on Apple hardware, the Pill+ is a nice companion to your iOS devices. WIRED Sound is very good, and on par with the best of the Bluetooth speakers of this size. New design is sharp—it comes in white or black, and the “b” logo is now much more subtle (and no longer red). Mobile app to control it works on iOS and Android. It has that now seemingly ubiquitous feature where you can pair multiple devices so you and your friends can take turns playing songs. Works as a speakerphone. Wirelessly join two speakers into a stereo pair. Charges over Lightning, so the 12-hour battery rejuices quickly, and the speaker’s battery can be used to charge your iPhone—just flip the cable around. TIRED It’s too expensive. There are a few speakers with better battery and comparable sound (some fully waterproof) for $30 less. The inclusion of the Lightning cable and 12.5-watt Apple charger is probably the reason for this, but if you don’t own any iOS devices, those things don’t matter as much. The sound can get kinda crunchy if you turn it up to levels sufficient to be heard in a small gathering of chatty friends. It’s the same with many small speakers, but here it’s more noticeable. RATING 7/10 – Very good, but not quite great Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Beats bluetooth speakers capsule reviews wireless speakers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Beats bluetooth speakers capsule reviews wireless speakers Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.22.15. 11.22.15 Time of Publication: 12:38 pm. 12:38 pm Review: Wacom Bamboo Spark Bamboo Spark with Phone Pocket Wacom The iPad Pro is an amazing device, and a big step forward for visual artists. But many artists still prefer to use a pen and paper to draw or sketch. Wacom’s latest product is something that might be a better fit for them. The Bamboo Spark ($160) bridges the divide between the analog sketchbook and the digital sketchbook by tracking your pen strokes on real paper, then transmitting the results to your device. It’s three pieces: a folio with a receiver inside, a ballpoint pen with a transmitter inside, and a pad of regular paper. We’ve seen devices like this before—products that let you write or draw something on a piece of paper, then create a digital copy—but few have been executed this successfully. WIRED The device pairs to a mobile phone via Bluetooth, and transfers take only a few seconds per page. (Wacom’s app works on iOS and Android.) Within the mobile app, you can “replay” each line in your drawing, undoing each pen stroke and stopping at any time to export the page in that particular state. The case’s memory holds 100 pages, so you can sync in batches. Wacom offers cloud storage for Bamboo Spark pages, and the files are easily shared to Dropbox, to Evernote, or as PDFs. The feel of the pen is nice; better than a cheap ballpoint pen, with a nice girth and weight. (Wacom knows pens!) Battery in the folio lasts weeks between charges. Folios come in three configurations to hold a phone, a small tablet, or an iPad Air 2. TIRED The system tracks each stroke with perfect accuracy—as long as you don’t accidentally bump your pad of paper. In that case, the digital copy of the drawing will be off. If you anticipate this happening, I recommend securing the pad with a binder clip or rubber band. Not ideal, but it keeps the thing put. If you don’t like the pen, there isn’t much for you here. The company is positioning the product not only as an artist’s tool, but also as a platform for visual thinkers in the business world. So, while the pen is ideal for sketching flowcharts and brainstorming concepts, those looking for a more refined drawing tool may feel constrained. Same with the size of the paper—there’s a slot in the case where you can insert a backing board for a tablet of standard A5 paper, but bigger pads won’t work, and neither will those thicker than 50 pages. If the battery runs out mid-drawing, Welp! RATING 8/10 – Excellent, with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. artists capsule reviews pens Wacom Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email artists capsule reviews pens Wacom Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 11.21.15. 11.21.15 Time of Publication: 2:32 pm. 2:32 pm Review: Soundfreaq Sound Kick 2 Soundfreaq Sound Kick 2 Soundfreaq This is Soundfreaq’s second go-around for its Sound Kick compact Bluetooth speaker. The first version had an expandable back. When you popped out the box-like extrusion, it increased the interior volume of the speaker enclosure and improved the sound. It also changed the footprint of the speaker, allowing you to tip it back so the drivers were facing at an upward angle. This new Sound Kick 2 doesn’t expand or blow up or anything, but it does still tip back. The expanding enclosure has been replaced by a fixed enclosure that has a little kickstand. Overall, the updated speaker is more portable and has excellent sound, and it remains one of our favorite options at $100. WIRED Sound is crisp and well-balanced, and exemplary for a speaker of this size. New design is 1.5 inches thick, and has rounded edges. It’s also water resistant—I left my test unit out in the rain for two downpours and it still plays fine. There’s a USB port on the back that lets you use the speaker’s battery to charge up a dying mobile phone if needed. The kickstand on the back gives the speaker box some added stability. Touch controls on the top are convenient. Handsome looks. TIRED Doesn’t get that loud. It’s also not as small as other speakers at this price that tout portability as a primary feature. Battery lasted about 8.5 hours in multiple tests; fine, but over ten hours is standard within this category. Not fully waterproof (though it seems to handle wet environments just fine). RATING 8/10 – Excellent, with room to kvetch Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. audio bluetooth speakers Reviews Soundfreaq Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email audio bluetooth speakers Reviews Soundfreaq Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 11.12.15. 11.12.15 Time of Publication: 4:24 pm. 4:24 pm Review: Logitech Create Keyboard Case for iPad Pro Logi Logitech (or is it Logi?) is the ruler of the realm when it comes to iPad keyboards. So it shouldn’t surprise you that it’s the first out of the gate with an add-on to support the new, bigger iPad Pro, where these keyboards are more important than ever. The $150 Logi Create Backlit Keyboard Case with Smart Connector is cheaper than Apple’s Smart Keyboard, and adds a lot more functionality. (Logi also offers a virtually identical case, sans keyboard, for $80.) It’s not quite as sleek and well-integrated as Apple’s own case, but if you’re looking to buy an iPad Pro to replace your laptop, this is the keyboard accessory you want. WIRED The row of shortcut keys—for changing volume, going home, launching search, and the like—is unbelievably useful. The backlit keyboard will let you work even in dark rooms. If you’re not typing, the case folds almost flat for a better touchscreen experience. The clacky keys will feel familiar to anyone used to a laptop keyboard. Since it works with the iPad Pro’s Smart Connector, getting the keyboard set up and working takes no time at all, and you’ll never need to charge the accessory. Just close the magnetized case, and the tablet turns off too. TIRED Getting the iPad Pro into the case requires an uncomfortable amount of shoving and pushing. Keys are a little mushy. The rubbery design takes away from the sleek polish of the iPad Pro. Tablet plus case is a pretty heavy package to toss into your backpack. The case covers up the power and volume buttons with harder-to-press rubber ones, and obscures the speaker holes a little bit. The connector can be finicky, disconnecting for no reason sometimes. A few of the buttons are inscrutable; why are there two ways to switch to the on-screen keyboard? RATING 7/10—Very good, but not quite great. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. capsule reviews ipad pro logitech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email capsule reviews ipad pro logitech Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder Bitcoin Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder 13 hours Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 13 hours Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics Security Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics 2 hours Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 13 hours Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President social media Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President 2 days Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise physics Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise 11 hours The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia CES The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia 14 hours More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech This Is the Year Gadget Makers Finally Fix Battery Life 9 hours video Meet LG’s Adorable Voice-Activated Robot for Your Home 10 hours gadgets Carnival’s High-Tech Cruise Wearable Knows Your Every Need 2 days Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 13 hours David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 13 hours Recommendations Delicious Non-Boozy Beer, Wine, and Spirits for Dry January 44 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 103.8m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Christmas cocktail recipe: Apple and gin bramble Natalie MigliariniSaturday 17 Dec 2016 12:00 pm To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video This cocktail is the perfect way to celebrate the changing seasons and booze it up during the festive period. I decided to take the classic bramble and add an autumn/winter twist with the addition of some apple juice, which can only improve this gin and berry flavoured cocktail. Take your bramble to the next level and you will have a beautiful and tasty cocktail in your hand all season long. Ingredients: 45ml of gin 45ml cloudy apple juice 30ml lemon juice 15ml crème de cassis 1 cup of cubed ice 1 cup of crushed ice Garnish: Apple fan and strawberry MORE: 8 vintage gin cocktails perfect for a retro dinner party (Picture: Natalie Migliarini) Method: Combine gin, apple juice and lemon juice in a shaker with ice. Shake to combine and chill ingredients. Crush ice and add into vessel of choice. Pour contents over crushed ice. Layer crème de cassis over the cocktail. Garnish with apple fan and strawberry. MORE: Gin cocktail recipe video: How to make Thyme For Raspberry Gin MORE: The best gin cocktails you’ve probably never tried The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more Metro Blogs is a place for opinions. These opinions belong to the author and are not necessarily shared by Metro. MoreAlcoholChristmasFoodRecipes Jamie Oliver is Brexit's latest victim as he is forced to close six restaurants These mystical unicorn macarons will fill you with magic When is Twelfth Night 2017? The time to take your Christmas decorations down Watch this woman eat 4,307 calories of KFC in one sitting Shower Beer is here and it's going to change lives Would you eat this 'unicorn burger'? Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Great-grandma accidentally prays to Lord of the Rings figurine for years Men are very honestly admitting the things they think make a woman boring Potterheads, rejoice because you can now spend a night in a Hogwarts-themed Airbnb Pictures capture the heartbreaking moment a horse cries at his owner's funeral This woman quit her job and now travels the world with her dogMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Food › Food Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Post to Cancel
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 12/17/2016 6:00 AM Will age of autonomy endanger legacy car brands? Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Uber took this driverless car, a Volvo, out for a test drive in San Francisco this week. The ride-hailing company is attempting to launch a self-driving service in the city. Associated Press   By Keith Naughton and David Welch Bloomberg News When cars drive themselves, passengers may not care if they ride in a Chevy or a Ford. After a century of building automotive brands based on how they drive, carmakers face an existential threat in the coming age of autonomy. If a customer no longer pilots a vehicle, the marque of its maker may become irrelevant. After all, most people don't reserve a flight because it's on a Boeing or an Airbus, so automakers are trying to turn today's cars into a connected extension of the home or office to keep their names vital. "In the long term, automotive brands are gone," said retired General Motors Vice Chairman Bob Lutz, 84, who greenlighted BMW's "The Ultimate Driving Machine" slogan when he ran global marketing for the German automaker in the 1970s. "If you get on a city bus or an airplane, do you care who made it? There won't be anything left to car brands in 20 years." Any diminution of automotive brands would be a seismic shift for the industry. Car companies have derived much of their strength and earnings power from the value of their makes and models. The world's top 15 automotive brands are worth a combined $256 billion, with Toyota alone valued at $53.6 billion, according to marketing consultant Interbrand. Since the dawn of driving, auto marques have pitched themselves with their mechanical prowess, from Volkswagen's "Drivers Wanted" slogan to the "Have You Driven a Ford Lately?" tagline and Mazda's catchy "Zoom, Zoom" campaign. Lately, though, carmakers have pushed built-in technology like Wi-Fi as a selling point. That approach pits them against tech giants Google and Apple Inc., which are accelerating their own research into self-driving cars. Promoting comfort When autonomous vehicles begin to hit the road in the next decade, it's not yet clear that legacy auto brands will take top billing on the hood of those cars, said Mark Short, a global automotive and transportation leader for consultant Ernst & Young. "The biggest question on the table today: Is it going to be a Chevy powered by Apple or is it going to be an Apple vehicle or a Google vehicle?" Short said. Eventually, Ford Motor Co. and other carmakers hope to offer people access to all forms of mobility -- driverless cars, robot taxis, trains, bikes and buses -- from the touch of an app that would bear their brands. Initially, though, automakers will promote the comforts that make their self-driving cars stand out. GM President Dan Ammann points to how airlines differentiate themselves with their services and amenities. He cites Singapore Airlines Ltd., which advertises the showers, enclosed passenger compartments and lounges it offers to its first-class fliers. "It will be about connectivity, comfort and all of that," Ammann said. Mobile office Connectivity in the car will grow to become a $750 billion business by 2030, according to consulting firm McKinsey & Co. GM is counting on connecting with customers with a deal with AT&T Inc. to offer Wi-Fi hot spots in cars to build on the 12 million autos it's already outfitted with internet connections. GM also developed a partnership with IBM Watson that can mine a car's data and figure out a driver's preferences and habits. Using artificial intelligence, a car's interactive infotainment system will then be able to direct the driver to gas stations, restaurants and other products and services their driving and shopping patterns suggest they need, said Mark Lloyd, GM's consumer online officer. Automakers are already showing concepts of how autonomous cars could be used as a mobile office or a comfy living room on wheels. Mercedes-Benz's F 015 concept features four seats that face each other while the walls of the oval-shaped luxury cruiser are covered with six digital tablets that communicate with the outside world. The idea is to create an experience that could take the role of a short flight, said Michael Hafner, director of driver-assistance systems and active safety for Mercedes. "It's how comfortable a passenger is and how nicely the car takes turns," Hafner said. "There are things that we do with our cars and suspensions that make them more comfortable. That will be important, and it makes the difference with brands." Two roads Hakan Samuelsson, chief executive officer of the Volvo Car Group, sees automotive brands heading down two roads in the coming age -- sticking a company's badge on the nose of robo-taxis as well as on self-driving cars that are privately owned. To that end, Volvo is supplying self-driving cars to Uber Technologies Inc. for a test that the ride-hailing service is running in Pittsburgh. GM and Toyota Motor Corp. also have vehicles in similar tests to get their brands in front of ride-sharing consumers. Volvo plans to take the model it puts in robo-taxi fleets and add features to make it a premium car that it would sell to affluent suburban families. The principal selling point would be a full autopilot system, a $10,000 option, that wouldn't require the driver to take the wheel in an emergency, Samuelsson said. Such a car will be on the road in five years, he said. "To make a premium car even more premium, you would offer a full autopilot, not a supervised version, but really one where you can sit back and watch a movie," Samuelsson said. "Nobody will buy an autopilot that you have to supervise." Brand trust In the autonomous race, car marques have a key advantage: trust. Luxury and established brands are viewed more favorably by consumers than tech companies, in part because of the safety reputation automotive brands have built up over decades, according to a recent survey by the consultant PricewaterhouseCoopers. "When you have no control and you're putting your life purely in the hands of a robot, you care even more about the credibility of that brand," said Evan Hirsh, an adviser to auto executives at Strategy&, a unit of PwC. "I'm not sure how much confidence I would have in a Lenovo car." Building a trust bridge to the future is an important element of brand-building that has already started. In the meantime, carmakers are trying to figure out what the self-driving car of tomorrow will look like. At GM, designers use cardboard and furniture to mock up future cabins that will keep people coming back for their cars. And they rest knowing they have time to figure it out before the robots take over, said chief designer Mike Simcoe. "People will still be driving for a long time," Simcoe said. Tweet This article filed under: Business Autos Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Taiwan Semiconductor Reported to Start Building Apple A11 Processor in April Apple's next-generation iPhone processor should go into production in late April, per BlueFin Research Partners, though it looks like TSMC needs to improve yield rates on its 10-nanometer technology ahead of the ramp-up. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 17, 2016 at 6:42AM Analysts with BlueFin Research Partners say that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) will begin manufacturing Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A11 processor in late April (via Barron's). The A11, BlueFin says, will be manufactured in TSMC's 10-nanometer manufacturing technology. Interestingly, BlueFin says -- as is widely expected -- that Apple's A11 chip won't be the first processor to ramp into production on TSMC's 10-nanometer technology in 2017. The A10X that will power next-generation iPad models, as well as MediaTek's upcoming Helio X30 mobile applications processor, should ramp up before the A11 does, BlueFin's commentary suggests.  "This may be fortuitous for [TSMC] given that yields are well below 50% presently, according to our research," the analysts write. In this article, I'd like to go over why, if the reported yield rate is correct, this is, in fact, "fortuitous" for TSMC. Image source: Apple.  Understanding semiconductor manufacturing economics When a chipmaker builds a wafer of chips, there will inevitably be chips that come off the wafer either totally broken or simply without meeting performance or power specifications. The percentage of usable chips of all the chips produced from a given wafer is known as the manufacturing yield rate. Since it costs a fixed amount to produce a finished wafer of chips, the effective manufacturing cost of a chip is directly related to the number of chips that come off a wafer. So, for a given chip design, a lower yield rate means more expensive chips, while a higher yield rate means cheaper chips. So, what does this have to do with TSMC? Well, TSMC generally sells wafers rather than individual chips to its customers, but if yields are as bad as they sound right now (sub-50% is really bad), then it's likely that any potential customers aren't going to be willing to pay as much per wafer as they would if a higher percentage of the chips worked. Lower revenue per wafer, if wafer costs are fixed, translates into relatively low gross profit margins on those wafer sales. A10X and Helio X30 are small potatoes; A11 requires tons of volume The first TSMC 10-nanometer products should be the Apple A10X and the Helio X30, both of which should be low-volume products compared with the A11. This suggests that the early 10-nanometer shipment volumes for TSMC should be relatively modest and comprise a small portion of its overall revenue until the A11 chips start to ship in significant quantities. What this means is that TSMC can deal with reduced margins on those early 10-nanometer wafer shipments without diluting its overall gross profit margins too much. However, when it comes time to start mass-producing the A11 and shipping those wafers to Apple in the large quantities required to support the iPhone 8, the yield rate is going to need to come up substantially for TSMC to be able to both enjoy strong margins on those products and simply meet Apple's demand. Remember, if yield rates are low, then the effective number of chips that a chipmaker can produce on that low-yielding technology is reduced for a fixed amount of capacity (and capacity can't be put in place overnight). Not being able to meet Apple's unit demands would be a negative for TSMC, as it might drive Apple to be more aggressive about trying to find a second source for future chips (as it did with the A9 chip, which was manufactured by both TSMC and its rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF)). It'd also be a negative for Apple, as a chip-related supply bottleneck would reduce the number of iPhone 8 models that it'd be able to ship during the all-important holiday season.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 6:42AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.63 down $0.17 (-0.57%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Taiwan Semiconductor Reported to Start Building Apple A11 Processor in April #stocks $AAPL, $TSM
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS I chose MacBook Pro with Touch Bar over Surface Book By Joe Wilcox Published 3 weeks ago 69 Comments Tweet Water smacked the windshield -- a torrent of heavy droplets -- as my wife struggled to feed money into the tollbooth machine. Pelting rain is uncommon during November in San Diego, but we had purpose for driving 36 km through the downpour to Chula Vista and the Otay Ranch Apple Store, where I had never been before. The shop was the only one around that had the 15.4-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in stock. Eleven days earlier, Nov. 15, 2016, I received the 13.3-inch model that was ordered on October 27th. While first impressions were wow, the laptop felt slow compared to my previous MBP, and the battery drained in about half the time as specs stated. I worried that Apple produced a defective unit. No store in the area had the smaller laptop in stock, should I want to take advantage of the 14-day return policy. Deadline approached, so I considered as alternative my first 15-incher in more than a decade, tempted in part by quad-core processor and discreet graphics. If Not One, The Other Fast-forward to the present, briefly: In recent days I've seen some stories about shorter-than-expected MBP battery life; customers complain. Hardware is suspected (when isn't it in click-bait news stories). Following a fresh macOS Sierra install on the 13.3-inch laptop and transferring my wife's settings and software from an older MBP, battery life is workday-long-plus. Perhaps the computer had bad factory-installed image or, more likely, despite my sleuthing around for a culprit, something in my setup sucked CPU cycles and energy. (I did investigate!) So if your new MacBook Pro burns the candle quick, check the wick! Returning to weltering November 26th, I stood over the larger MacBook Pro, in awe and despair. The thing felt fast -- almost mind-reading AI-fashion, anticipating keystrokes before I made them. But the screen was huge. Even 13.3 inches is larger than my preference; gimme a laptop that's easily grab-and-go. But the longer time I spent touching and adjusting, perhaps 45 minutes, the more comfortable the laptop became. Decision: Understanding that the computer could be returned within 14 days and recognizing replacement MBP 13 order wouldn't ship, according to Apple Store online, for 4 weeks or more, I made the purchase. My initial angst dissipated within hours after returning home and setting up MBP 15. I have no regrets. Size Matters The 13.3-inch MacBook Pro I had ordered from Apple Store online was a custom config: 2.9GHz Core i5 processor, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD. The laptop replaced my early 2015 model, with 3.1GHz Core i7 chip, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD. My college student daughter accepted the hand-me-down, replacing her somewhat banged and scratched 2013 Apple laptop, with 2.6GHz Core i5 processor, 8GB memory, 256GB SSD. I was surprised how the newer laptop seemed slower than the old. Granted, the comparison was i5 and i7, but also different generation Intel processors. If not MBP 15, I was ready to return the 13.3-incher for refund. Considering how much I had already spent on the 13.3-inch MacBook Pro, a few extra hundred for a lot more computer wasn't a mental (or budgetary) stretch. But I would never spend so much without first experiencing the thing. Understanding: I would return the smaller notebook for refund. Hence, the rainy road trip. Config: 2.7GHz Core i7 processor, 16GB RAM, 2GB Radeon Pro 455 graphics, 512GB SSD. The CPU is quad-core, and the difference is quite noticeable compared to MBP 13's dual-core processor. This beauty is a multi-tasking maven like nothing groped by my grubby paws. This also marks the most money I have spent on a laptop. Ever. The custom-configured 13-incher totaled $2,199,  and the larger $2,799. Why MBP? By now you must wonder: "Why?" Well, it ain't for the Touch Bar, which isn't as useless as I expected. The brighter (500-nit), more color accurate screen checks one box.  More significantly, I've pined for Apple's butterfly keyboard since its debut on the 12-inch MacBook, which is way, way underpowered for my daily computing requirements. MBP 15 doesn't disappoint. Typing experience on the second-generation butterfly is absolutely fantastic. While the keys are noisy, they deliver great feel and responsiveness. But in choosing to spend so much more, I also opted for other benefits: greater default, native screen resolution (2880 by 1800); quad-core processor; discreet graphics; and expansive, capable touchpad, among them. Features are meaningless without benefits, and I have some in mind. In late October, I fully returned to work after a forced summer sabbatical related to eye surgery that lets me wear glasses to read but frees me from them for distance. I’m ready to write, write, write, and MacBook Pro with Touch Bar feels -- figuratively -- like the tool to do just that. I am doing more photography and video production, and producing a podcast. I need a laptop that can keep up with several projects open and ongoing simultaneously, without stutters and stops that interrupt my workflow and more importantly disrupt my attention. I'm an older writer now, and interruption can leave a crater where my creative flow was. The bigger screen, and even physical size, better suit my needs than the 13.3-incher. How strange; I thank Apple's supply shortages for putting me in position to challenge my preconceptions and go larger when the market trend is smaller laptops. The other mental barrier: Cost, as I couldn't have ever proactively conceived spending so much on a laptop -- and, honestly, wouldn't if not for bent-up desire to produce content following the summer sabbatical. I feel happy typing on the new MBP, for its dazzling beauty and also for how the Touch Bar contextually changes depending on application or what I’m doing. (You’ll have to wait for my full review for more on the feature.) Joy is a benefit often overlooked by high-tech product designers. Scratching the Surface Surely other laptops could do as much for the same cost, or even less. Yup, I seriously considered Surface Book, about which Microsoft's Brian Hall raved two days ago: "The innovation of Surface coupled with the disappointment of the new MacBook Pro -- especially among professionals -- is leading more and more people to make the switch to Surface". He then linked to PC Mag story "Why I Left macOS for a Surface Book", which begins "The Mac is in trouble". Sascha Segan's experience with the butterfly keyboard differs from mine: "I just couldn't get with the super-flat keyboards. I pound out words all day, and getting rid of almost all the throw on the keys was pretty much a deal breaker". As I writer, I understand the sentiment but, as previously mentioned, have much different experience than does the PC Mag analyst. There is much to like about Surface Book, which I see as the only meaningful competitor to either size MacBook Pro. The design is delightful eye candy, and the 3:2 screen ratio is much better suited to writing and researching content in a web browser (MBP is 16:10). Maximum resolution of the gorgeous 13.5-inch screen, which is fully touch-capable: 3000 by 2000 (MBP 13 is 2560 by 1600 and 2880 by 1800 for the larger). Touch is a bonus if you need it, then there is the stylus. I'm a terrible artist and handwriter. I started using a typewriter at age 14 -- during the mid-1970s -- because my penmanship is so terrible. As such, the stylus has little appeal, while the touchscreen is a nice-to-have that I learned from using Chromebook Pixel and other Windows laptops isn't a necessity. For me. As a middle-aged typist writer, keyboard matters much, and the MBP Touch Bar promises to expand what my fingers can do across the plane where they are constantly active. If I were another person, with different priorities and (artistic) capabilities, Surface Book might be the thing. Apple offers one port-type on new MacBook Pros: USB Type-C (aka Thunderbolt 3), whereas Microsoft serves up the smorgasbord of connection options most people will want. Sixth-generation Intel Core chips are standard from both companies. Cost Comparisons Surface Book pricing is similar or close between comparable configurations for either size MBP. That is when I purchased either. Microsoft is sale crazy during the holidays (don't ever expect deals from Apple). For example: $1999 for MBP 13 or SB with Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 512GB SSD. Of course, Microsoft serves up stylus and touchscreen instead of Apple's tiny Touch Bar -- and the display converts into a tablet (that is too large for my tastes). With i7 chip and double the RAM: $2,499 for the Apple and $2,699 for the Microsoft, but currently discounted to $2,299. While screen sizes mis-match, here's Surface Book with Performance Base compared to MBP 15: Core i7, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD -- both for $2,799. SB has touchscreen and stylus, but the MacBook Pro packs quad-core processor. For my needs, speed, professional graphics, and bigger screen matter more. And something else that strangely is the opposite of Sascha Segan's deal-breaker: I find typing on the Surface Book keyboard troubling in manner similar to his complaints about MacBook Pro's butterfly; there's too much travel. Ha! Hey, this is why companies can compete: Different priorities and tastes among potential users. Fanboys, don't get into a pissing match about which is better. Because both matter right now, and Microsoft gets good bang from the competition between them. Earlier today I asked Stephen Baker, NPD vice president and primary hardware analyst, about MacBook Pro and Surface Book sales. They are "key parts of the turnaround in the consumer PC market in terms of pointing it in a more premium direction", he says. "While they aren’t the share leaders, the advertising being spent and the marketing have helped lift all the Windows boats—and it of course hasn’t hurt that all the Windows brands have stepped up their premium product development". Wrapping up, the best laptop is the one with the benefits that matter most to you. That's how I came to choose 15.4-inch MacBook Pro -- and love it. Hehe. Who knows, maybe in an alternate universe, heavy rains led my wife and I to drive to closer-distance Fashion Valley Mall, where there is Microsoft Store, inside which an irresistible Surface Book offer hypnotized me. Photo Credit: Joe Wilcox Author's Note: The original, but discarded, click-bait headline was "Ménage à trois! I shacked up with MacBook Pro and Touch Bar". 69 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Entertainment posted: 12/17/2016 7:10 AM Review: What you need to know about 'Super Mario Run' Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close The new Super Mario Run is not simply a classic Super Mario game transported to the iPhone. Some things have been streamlined for the touch screen. Courtesy of Nintendo Super Mario Run players collect coins throughout the game that feed your rebuilding efforts. Coins of different colors let you buy buildings and other swag to decorate and rebuild your kingdom. Courtesy of Nintendo   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     Nintendo is really getting serious about its play for mobile screens, launching its first real smartphone game starring its most iconic character: Mario. The app, called Super Mario Run, hit Apple's App Store on Thursday. For Nintendo fans everywhere, it's the end of a long wait that started when the app was announced at Apple's annual iPhone launch event in September. It's also a key moment for Nintendo, which has had a hard time dealing with the shift to casual gaming on smartphones and has resisted calls to put its classic characters into apps. Smartphones have introduced more people than ever to games -- as the Pokémon Go craze illustrated -- but can also shift buyers away from game consoles and handheld devices such as Nintendo's 3DS. By making a mobile game, Nintendo is saying that it's finally ready to imagine an audience beyond its own hardware. So far, so good. Super Mario Run is a lot of fun. The designers have managed to make a game that blends nostalgia and the new technology of the touch screen well. The story, such as it is, is exactly the same -- Bowser has taken Princess Peach and you have to save her -- and you also must rebuild your kingdom. The setting is familiar, and goombas and koopas are still trying to block your way to your goal. Longtime Nintendo fans with memories of gripping their Super Nintendo controllers will see a lot they already love. But this time, they can play with one hand. This is not simply a classic Super Mario game transported to the iPhone. Some things have been streamlined for the touch screen. Super Mario Run is an endless running game, which means you're almost always running forward. That could frustrate some players who might wonder why they can't move Mario all the ways they could when he was an 8-bit sprite. You can't go back and pick up coins you missed. You can't take little jaunts down the pipes. What you can do is jump. A lot. Tapping the screen will make Mario catch some air -- the longer you hold down your finger, the higher he goes before gravity kicks in. He can also vault off cliff edges and walls, which lets you reach higher places in the levels. Once you accept your perpetual forward motion, figuring out how to get where you want to go becomes a fun puzzle. Players will definitely get replay value out of the game, especially since it's easy to run past things you might want to pick up. Going through a level again will let you go down roads not traveled before. Players also collect different-colored coins throughout the game, and the color and placement of those coins changes as you meet your objectives. So even if you play a level again, you should find something new. The coins feed your rebuilding efforts. Coins of different colors let you buy buildings and other swag to decorate and rebuild your kingdom. There's also a second mode to the app, called Rally, which pits you against another real-world player and helps you win residents for your kingdom. You're scored on how many normal coins you collect, as well as how much flair you exhibit while you're racing. Over time, you can restore and repopulate your little patch of the world. The main drawback of Super Mario Run is that, in its free version, it's very short. The free download gets you only three levels -- that doesn't even get you to the first castle. The full version of the game costs $10. That price would probably feel right on an e-store for the 3DS or the Wii, and there is enough to do in the app to justify that price tag. But people who play games on smartphones have different expectations, and $10 is a lot to swallow when most other games are free or, at a stretch, $2. In some ways, the high app price could be seen as a signal that Nintendo, while definitely coming around on smartphones, still doesn't get the platform -- or, at least, hasn't fully given in to it. It is obvious that mobile games are going to be just a part of Nintendo's future, since the firm is on the verge of introducing a new console called the Switch. For most players, though, the high mobile price tag means they'll get a taste of how fun Mario could be on the smartphone, but stop short of paying to see his full potential. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Entertainment Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Life & Entertainment Technology Video Games Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How the hot startup that stole Apple's thunder wound up in Silicon Valley's graveyard Steve Kovach Dec. 17, 2016, 8:00 AM 107,813 facebook linkedin twitter email print Eric Migicovsky Craig Barritt/Getty Images for AOL Inc. For a moment, it looked like the story would have a happy ending. As struggling smartwatch maker Pebble discussed selling itself to Fitbit, a larger competitor in the wearable technology market, the chatter among the Pebble team was that they would continue working on their product under the wing of a new, more stable corporate parent. Fitbit’s co-founder James Park even visited Pebble’s offices and, following a brief introduction from Pebble CEO Eric Migicovsky, talked reassuringly about how excited he was to welcome Pebble into the Fitbit family. But within a month it became apparent that Fitbit’s $40 million acquisition wasn’t a lifeline for Pebble, it was a fire sale. Choice assets and employees were cherry picked, the rest discarded. Most employees out of Pebble's staff of about 100 were laid off, their stock suddenly worthless. It was a sad ending for a company once seen as a brilliant example of Silicon Valley chutzpah, a scrappy startup that had forced tech giants like Apple, Samsung, and Google to play catch-up. But it also capped a tumultuous year of poor sales, supplier problems, failed acquisition talks, and a general lack of consumer interest in smartwatches, according to several sources that Business Insider spoke to.  "By the time we got into late spring and june of this year, I was like, OK, it does not look good," one Pebble insider said. "I didn't think we were going to make it to 2017. It was dragged out forever." At a time when Silicon Valley is racing towards the next big thing, from artificial intelligence to self-driving cars, the demise of Pebble is a stark reminder that even the most promising and buzzed about innovations don’t always survive the harsh realities of the marketplace. Early success According to the sources Business Insider spoke to, the signs of trouble for Pebble began to appear early on, though they were often ignored among the excitement of a nascent smartwatch business that many believed would be as big as smartphones. Pebble burst on to the scene in 2012 after launching what was then the most successful Kickstarter campaign in history, raising $10.2 million to fund the production of the first smartwatch. Pebble proved there was interest in the wrist-worn gadgets, well before Apple introduced the Apple Watch and other big tech companies followed suit. The first Pebble launched in early 2013 to positive reviews. Although it appealed mainly to techies, the product was a solid first attempt at a modern smartwatch. The watch could display notifications like incoming texts and calendar alerts and run a bunch of apps ranging from ESPN to Evernote. Pebble continued to launch new products, including the Pebble Time, the first device with Pebble’s new take on a smartwatch operating system. Antonio Villas-Boas/Tech Insider But things started getting hairy in 2015 when Apple, the world's largest technology company, released its long-awaited smartwatch.  Migicovsky was unfazed by the new competition, telling Business Insider shortly after the Apple Watch was announced that he wasn't worried Apple might cut into his sales. "I think it will drive a lot more interest and a lot more volume at Pebble."  The Apple Watch did initially boost interest in Pebble, as consumers viewed Pebble's product as a cheaper, more capable alternative. But sales eventually began to shrink, sources say. Apple's brand was so strong, recalls one insider, that it sucked up all the oxygen.  And Apple's decades of product-building experience gave it another big advantage. Sources familiar with Pebble's supply chain said the company had difficulty paying suppliers building the products in Taiwan throughout 2015, especially payments related to production of the Pebble Time Round. In some cases, these suppliers would call for payments on outstanding purchase orders and get no response from Pebble. Some of those outstanding orders still remained unpaid by the time Fitbit entered acquisition talks with Pebble. Some people close to the company also blamed Pebble's supply chain team for playing favorites, attempting to move a lot of production from Taiwan-based Quanta Computer to Compal Electronics. Pebble continued to raise money through Kickstarter, sales of current products, and other private sources. But it wasn't enough to fund the production of new products.   The expected wave of consumer demand for smartwatches never materialized; even Apple appeared to be having trouble convincing the world that a smartwatch — like the iPhone — was another must-have gadget. The market was not as big as everyone had hoped, and the market was getting crowded. Layoffs and deal talks When Pebble's head of sales sent an email to his team after the Black Friday/Cyber Monday holiday shopping weekend in 2015, there was no more ignoring the magnitude of the problem. Sales during the biggest shopping weekend of the year were down from the year before. If things didn't improve, the email warned ominously, adjustments would have to be made.  Apple CEO Tim Cook unveils the Apple Watch Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Pebble's business never fully rebounded, and internal discussions began after the holiday shopping season about what changes needed to happen so that the company could survive. In March of 2016, Pebble laid off 25% of its staff, as Business Insider first reported. Pebble began searching for more outside investment or a possible buyer. One insider said they were asked to compile internal data about sales, which fueled speculation Pebble was trying to sell itself. By May of 2016, Migicosvky admitted to the staff that the company was trying to sell, but that a deal had recently fallen through. That deal turned out to be from chipmaker Intel, which wanted to buy Pebble for about $70 million. It's not clear why the deal fizzled, although it was Intel that ultimately walked away, not Pebble. (The Pebble side wanted the deal to happen.) One source close to Migicovsky said they were told that Intel's offer was initially higher than $70 million, but was lowered after due diligence. "Something rubbed him the wrong way and he was uncomfortable," the source close to Migicovsky said regarding the failed Intel deal. A high-profile collaboration with Japanese watchmaker Citizen also proved disappointing.  Pebble had hoped to learn from Citizen's expertise building and designing traditional watches. But throughout the development of the Time Round — a version of the Pebble watch with a circular screen that the two companies collaborated on — the Pebble team felt that Citizen lacked the technical chops in software and hardware development to be of much use, according to sources. Plus, Citizen typically took a lot longer to develop and launch products, often a year or more, which didn’t jibe with Pebble’s desire to push out new products faster. In the end, Pebble thought Citizen's designs were too thick and chunky and ultimately went with a design from internal Pebble employees. Pebble did pay Citizen about $50,000 for its work, according to one source with direct knowledge of the deal. Citizen did not respond to a request for comment. While TechCrunch reported that Citizen considered acquiring Pebble for roughly $740 million in 2015, no deal ever happened. One source directly familiar with Pebble's acquisition talks said Citizen never discussed buying Pebble, and accused someone of spreading a false rumor to TechCrunch. The Pebble Time Round, which was designed with help from Citizen. Antonio Villas-Boas/Tech Insider Facing the music Following the failed acquisition talks and the round of layoffs, Migicovsky leveled with his remaining employees late this spring. If they wanted to stay and see Pebble through to the end, their shares in the company would be doubled. If they wanted to cut their losses and leave, they would receive a severance package. While some took the buyout offer, most Pebble employees stuck with the company, hoping new products like the Pebble Time 2 watch and Pebble Core, a tiny device that lets you listen to Spotify music offline, would reinvigorate sales. In fact, Pebble Time 2 and Pebble Core were on track for their launch at the beginning of 2017. As recently as a week before discussions with Fitbit began, Pebble employees were visiting their manufacturing partners in Asia and finalizing production plans for the new devices, sources say. In a  recent  interview with  Steven Levy of Backchannel , Migicovsky said  he spent the summer months scrambling across the globe, trying unsuccessfully to raise money from private equity funds and other private investing groups.  Pebble was out of time and out of money. In October, at least one bank that gave  money to Pebble called in its loan, unconvinced Pebble would be able to raise more funding or sell enough product to solve its cash flow issues and debt to suppliers. Keep your resumes Once Migicovsky decided to sell the company, sources close to him say that his main goal was to find a buyer that would honor the consumers on Kickstarter who backed the Pebble Time 2 or Core — either by refunding their money or building the product.  The Pebble Core was canceled following Fitbit's acquisition. Pebble Fitbit turned out to be the only suitable buyer willing to do that. While the Time 2 and Core products have been canceled, Kickstarter backers will at least get their money back. Other aspects of the Fitbit deal have not unfolded as expected, however. The original deal discussions had Fitbit, which makes wearable products focused on health and fitness, acquiring all or most of Pebble, including the staff, several sources told Business Insider. But something changed as the deal was negotiated and Fitbit ended up buying only the software technology that runs Pebble's products and hiring certain employees.  One source speculated that Fitbit was worried about its stock price after delivering a disappointing sales forecast for the fourth quarter, which caused its stock to tank about 30%. Taking on all of Pebble could’ve looked extra risky to Fitbit investors. A Fitbit spokesperson declined to comment. On the day Fitbit’s team came to visit Pebble’s office about a month before the acquisition closed, many Pebble employees had concerns about what would happen to upcoming products. One source said Fitbit largely dodged those questions and that their true intentions didn’t come to light until they began interviewing Pebble employees. During the interviews, Fitbit quizzed Pebble employees on their roles at the company, but in the end Pebble employees learned there was no interest in the hardware team. Fitbit didn't even ask for resumes, according to one source, instead just pulling in their LinkedIn profiles. Once it became clear these interviews were going nowhere, Pebble hardware employees were encouraged to apply to open positions on Fitbit's website. By the time it was all over, most Pebble employees were sent home with severance packages. Many others took the Fitbit offer, and several former Pebble employees now list Fitbit as their employer on LinkedIn. As for Migicovsky, he'll be working at the startup incubator Y Combinator next year. Pebble's software may live on within Fitbit products, but it's now up to other companies to prove whether Pebble's pioneering product represents the future of computing or just an interesting footnote in history. SEE ALSO: Wearables are dead NOW WATCH: A regular guy tests out Apple's wireless AirPod headphones — here’s what he thought Loading video... More: Pebble Fitbit Kickstarter Eric Migicovsky Apple Watch Wearables facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How the hot startup that stole Apple's thunder wound up in Silicon Valley's graveyard How the hot startup that stole Apple's thunder wound up in Silicon Valley's graveyard For a moment, it looked like the story would... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » General Dortmund held 2-2 by Hoffenheim in Bundesliga Business Standard Now Google, Apple won't help Trump build Muslim registry IANS  |  New York  December 17, 2016 Last Updated at 13:56 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TK0RpN ALSO READ Facebook reports 55.8 percent rise in revenue Facebook reports better-than-expected rise in revenue Facebook to let emerging market companies sell through their pages Corrected - Facebook to let emerging market companies sell through their pages Drop in Facebook's stock makes for good time to connect - analysts Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. "In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a 'Muslim registry' -- we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad -- from all that we have read -- that the proposal does not seem to be on the table," Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it's ever asked to participate, "of course (Google) would not do (it)," the spokespserson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company "thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love". "We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort," the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a "No," stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On December 4, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry -- an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump's transition team -- and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: "No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so." Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, "We're not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point." "We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans," Microsoft PR head Frank X. Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump's transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News' question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. --IANS qd/sku/na/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Facebook PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Now Google, Apple won't help Trump build Muslim registry Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. "In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a 'Muslim registry' -- we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad -- from all that we have read -- that the proposal does not seem to be on the table," Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it's ever asked to participate, "of course (Google) would not do (it)," the spokespserson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company "thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love". "We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort," the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a "No," stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On December 4, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry -- an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump's transition team -- and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: "No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so." Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, "We're not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point." "We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans," Microsoft PR head Frank X. Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump's transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News' question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. --IANS qd/sku/na/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Now Google, Apple won't help Trump build Muslim registry Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. "In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a 'Muslim registry' -- we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad -- from all that we have read -- that the proposal does not seem to be on the table," Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it's ever asked to participate, "of course (Google) would not do (it)," the spokespserson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company "thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love". "We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort," the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a "No," stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On December 4, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry -- an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump's transition team -- and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: "No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so." Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, "We're not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point." "We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans," Microsoft PR head Frank X. Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump's transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News' question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. --IANS qd/sku/na/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Tablets 5 things you didn't know your tablet can do By Kim Komando Published December 17, 2016 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Apple) It’s hard to believe the first iPad was released in 2010. We use tablets for entertainment, work and even to pay for a mocha at the local café. The device that once looked like science fiction is now a staple of American homes. But most of us don’t realize how many different ways we can use our tablets. Switch around a few settings or download the right app, and you can perform all kinds of digital magic tricks. Here are five things you didn’t know your tablet can do. 1. Use your computer from your tablet Desktops are a double-edged sword: They’re powerful and have large screens, but they also tend to sit in one place. What happens when you’re on the road and you need to nab some files that are sitting on your desktop at home or in the office? It’s not a problem if your tablet and PC or Mac are loaded with Splashtop. Simply download the free Splashtop Streamer software and install it on your desktop computer; then get the app for either iPad or Android; then create an account and log in to both devices for instant remote access. This way, you can be holding your tablet on a beach in Maui and be staring at your computer’s desktop back home in Minnesota. Related: Yahoo fesses up to another data breach - 1 billion customer accounts exposed Hide your email address on public sites How to delete your Facebook account The app costs $9.99, and an annual subscription costs $16.99. For folks who travel a lot or need regular access to files and software that aren’t portable, Splashtop Personal is a great way to go. Click here to learn more and get the direct download link for Android and iOS tablets. The Mac’s latest operating system, Sierra, also has a feature that allows you to keep your Documents and Desktop folders in the cloud (via iCloud Drive) and then access the files in them on your iPad or iPhone, too.   2. Transfer files wirelessly from your tablet to your computer Have you ever emailed a file, such as a photo or a document, to your Mac from your iPhone or iPad, even as you sit right in front of your Mac? Yes, I've done it too, just like nearly every other Apple user on the planet. That's because using email to move files around works pretty well as long as your file is small enough to be attached. There's a better way to move files among your gadgets or even among your friends. Apple AirDrop is a built-in feature that lets you seamlessly move files back and forth between nearby desktop Macs and iOS gadgets like iPad, iPhone or iPod touch. It’s a quick and convenient way to transfer files from an iOS gadget to a Mac using a Bluetooth connection. This is particularly handy for iPad owners, who can start AirDropping in a matter of seconds. To enable AirDrop on an iPad, swipe up on the Home screen to access the Control Panel. From here, you can set AirDrop to receive from Contacts Only, Everyone, or Off. Newer Mac computers also have this ability, and you can find AirDrop in Finder. Fun tip: AirDrop is also an especially efficient way to share photos between friends, as long as each person is using an iPhone or iPad and has AirDrop turned on.   Not to be outdone, Android tablets have a nearly identical system in a third-party app called Airmore. You can move music, movies, photos and apps from your Android tablet to any compatible device, along with your call logs and text messages. Click here to get more steps on how to use AirDrop and Airmore. 3. Turn your tablet into a powerful TV remote Tablets are designed to be intuitive, and sometimes they’re more intuitive than a time-tested gizmo like a TV remote. With the right system in place, you can replace your remote entirely. Some tablets are designed with television in mind. The Galaxy Tab, for example, has a built-in IR transmitter that you can use as a universal TV remote. As with your old-fashioned remote, you’ll have to aim the Tab directly at the TV. IPads and Androids don’t have an IR transmitter, but if you’re feeling handy, you can buy an external transmitter that attaches to the audio jack, just like your earbuds. There’s a more sophisticated way to control your television from a distance. You can invest in a Harmony Home Hub or the Bluemoo, which are designed to turn your smartphone or tablet into a remote control. Not only can you change channels on your TV, but you can activate any Bluetooth gadget in your home, including speakers, smart lamps, and security devices. The best part: You don’t have to aim your tablet at anything, you just have to be within the Bluetooth’s range. Click here for the details on controlling your TV and gadgets from your smartphone or tablet. 4. Show your photos and videos on your TV Many smart TVs already give you access to YouTube, Vimeo and Flickr, so you can easily upload your online content, including home videos, and watch them on your TV. But with your tablet, you don’t have to use these services. For example, if you have an iPad and Apple TV, you can use AirPlay to project your tablet’s display on the big screen. Just swipe upward from the bottom, and you’ll see the AirPlay icon. If you don’t have Apple TV, or you’re not near a Wi-Fi signal, you can find a VGA adaptor and plug your iPad directly into the set. For Android users, there’s another option: You can use an app called AllCast, which will connect your Android to many different services, including Amazon TV, Apple TV and Roku. Here’s a link to how to use it. 5. Tune your guitar Professional musicians tend to carry electronic guitar tuners. But if you’re a weekend strummer who wants a quick tune-up, or you want a backup device during your concert tour, look no further than Guitar Tuna, a free app for iOS and Android. Using your iPad or Android tablet’s built-in mic, Guitar Tuna is fast, accurate, and easy to use. What’s more, it works with all popular string-based instruments, from guitars and basses to ukuleles and mandolins. The app also has advanced tools, like a metronome, guitar learning tools and alternate guitar tunings. Click here so you never play out of tune again. What other secret abilities are your devices hiding? To learn more about your devices and all the things they can do, be sure to listen to or download my podcasts, or click here to find my national show on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Copyright 2016, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com.   Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Apple removes The New York Times' apps from the App Store in China 2 No turning back the dial: Norway starts killing FM radio 3 Chess-playing robot at CES learns from experience 4 Make Way for the Selfie Drones 5 TV news report prompts viewers' Amazon Echo devices to order unwanted dollhouses See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters Hedge Fund Letters To Investors – 2015 Q1 2016 Hedge Fund Letters Q2 2016 – Hedge Fund Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Daily Financial Markets Interactive Chart Wrap Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters Hedge Fund Letters To Investors – 2015 Q1 2016 Hedge Fund Letters Q2 2016 – Hedge Fund Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Search for: Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 8: The Smartphone Innovation Battle By Christopher Morris on December 17, 2016 9:32 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip 2017 will be a massive year for smartphones, with Apple releasing an iPhone 8 that recognizes the tenth anniversary of the iPhone range, while Samsung is looking to recover from the Galaxy Note 7 debacle with the release of the Galaxy S8. Both of these huge consumer electronics market players will be intending to innovate significantly with their next generation devices, so what can we expect from the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8? Image Source: ReleaseDatePortal Galaxy S8 With the Galaxy S8 appearing earlier in the year, there is more information available regarding the Samsung flagship. Any innovations linked with this device are far more likely to be concrete, with Samsung expected to unveil the handset at the Mobile World Congress in February. Thus, it is interesting to note that a recent report has suggested that the Galaxy S8 will include Bluetooth 5.0 support. This will deliver greatly enhanced data transfer speeds, while also ensuring that longer range is possible for Galaxy S8 users. There is still a question mark regarding whether or not this will be included in the Galaxy S8, as the Bluetooth SIG consortium, which includes Samsung as a member, stating that it will arrive within two to six months. This suggests that the Galaxy S8 could be one of the first devices to benefit from Bluetooth 5.0, but it will depend on the technological logistics. Bezel-less display Samsung is also expected to slim down the bezels included in the Galaxy S8, and possibly even produce an edge-to-edge display. This is becoming increasingly voguish in the smartphone marketplace, with Apple also expected to significantly reduce the bezils in the iPhone 8. Home button Samsung is increasingly being linked with an eradication of the Home button in the Galaxy S8, again following on from rumors associated with the iPhone 8. This suggests that Samsung will embed the fingerprint sensor within the display glass at the bottom of the device. Dual assistants It is also expected that Samsung will launch artificial intelligence assistance with the Galaxy S8, and that this will be based around a dual assistant system. Samsung has already named the assistance that will be included with the Galaxy S8; Bixby and Kestra will thus provide male and female assistance as required. 4K resolution Samsung has been linked with producing a 4K resolution smartphone for some years now, and it could be that this finally comes to fruition when the Galaxy S8 is released. Samsung has typically saved its innovations for the Galaxy Note series, but considering the bad press that the corporation has suffered recently, it may be necessary for the Korean consumer electronics giant to really push the boat out with the Galaxy S8. Internal memory There have also been murmurings from close to the Samsung supply chain that the corporation will massively upgrade the memory of the Galaxy S8. This would enable Samsung to ensure that its next generation flagship is even slicker than previous well-reviewed models. Image Credit: Veniamin Geskin / Twitter iPhone 8 Recent iPhone releases have been criticized for being a little bit…well, boring. Apple has taken a conservative approach to its flagship smartphone range over the last couple of years, and Apple fans are hoping that it delivers something more revolutionary when the iPhone 8 is released. And indeed this is expected, considering that the iPhone 8 will mark a very special tenth generation for the world’s most successful smartphone. Wireless charging Firstly, Apple is reportedly working on a complete wireless charging solution for the iPhone 8. Apple has reportedly struck a deal with wireless charging company Energous, which will enable it to Include technology in the iPhone 8 which enables users to charge the device from 15 feet away. Single sheet of glass Another intriguing recent comment relates to Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive, who reportedly intends for the iPhone 8 “to appear like a single sheet of glass”. Slimming down bezels looks like being a signature of the smartphone marketplace this year, and a wraparound display is thus being prepared for the iPhone 8. Home button Apple has been linked with the elimination of the physical Home button from the iPhone 8 for some time, yet Apple has chosen not to pioneer this feature as of yet. This has effectively opened the door for Samsung to deliver this in the Galaxy S8 before Apple is able to do so. But the Touch ID fingerprint sensor will be embedded beneath the glass display of the iPhone 8, if recent reports are to be believed. Curved design When the iPhone 8 is released, consumers will have the choice of purchasing a curved screen device for the first time in Apple history. This innovation has proved hugely successful for Samsung, and now Apple wants to join in the curved display revolution. USB Type-C connectivity In addition to the wireless charging linked with the iPhone 8, it has also been suggested that Apple could switch from its Lightning port to a USB Type-C connection. This is perhaps has a relatively low chance of appearing in the iPhone 8 generation, but it is something that Apple is undoubtedly tinkering with behind the scenes. OLED display Apple has also been negotiating with various suppliers with the intention of including OLED technology in the iPhone series in the foreseeable future. This could occur for the first time with the iPhone 8, with OLED offering numerous advantages over the existing LCD technology included in the iPhone 8, as well as generally being considered to provide superior display quality. Dual lens standard It has been suggested in some quarters that Apple will arm every device in the iPhone 8 range with a dual-lens camera. This would not be an innovation as such, as the iPhone 7 featured dual cameras. But Apple could yet produce a smartphone with dual-lens technology. Battery life Finally, Apple is expected to seek both hardware and software solutions to producing an iPhone 8 with an increased battery life; a perennial bugbear of the smartphone range. Tags: Apple Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Samsung Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk The U.S. Economy In 2017: Why Uncertainty Is The ‘Biggest Risk’ Check Out The Incredibly Rare Fossil Of An Ancient Tomatillo The Trump Effect On Currencies [Chart] When Will Electric Cars Go Mainstream? Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team Sponsored Content - Resource Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Has a Long Way to Go to Be Perceived as a Services Company But what if you considered part of the iPhone business as a service? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Dec 17, 2016 at 9:30AM Image source: Apple. Over the past year or so, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has made a concerted effort to shift investor focus from unit sales and product cycles toward recurring-revenue sources like services and subscriptions. The iPhone maker started highlighting non-GAAP financial metrics like installed base purchases, which represented the gross value of digital content that users purchase in aggregate, irrespective of how those purchases end up being accounted for on Apple's financial statements. Interestingly, Apple didn't disclose this figure last quarter, but that could be more about the SEC's broader crackdown on non-GAAP metrics that's been going on all year. The company is still very much trying to highlight services growth, noting the services business hit an all-time record last quarter. Here's CEO Tim Cook on the last earnings call: We had a record-setting quarter for services with revenue growth accelerating to 24%, reaching $6.3 billion. App store revenue continued to skyrocket while music revenue grew by 22% thanks to the growing popularity of Apple music.  ... We remain very confident about the future of our services business, given the unmatched level of engagement, satisfaction, and loyalty of our growing installed base. We have almost doubled the size of our services revenue in the last four years, and as we've said before, we expect it to be the size of a Fortune 100 Company in FY17. For reference, the bar to make it into the Fortune 100 for 2016 was about $28.1 billion, and Apple's services revenue for fiscal 2016 was $24.3 billion. Goodbye, Gene Longtime Apple analyst Gene Munster is leaving Piper Jaffray to pursue a new career in venture capital, but the analyst is giving investors a parting research note. Munster has similarly taken note of how Apple has been trying to change investor perception, but the analyst believes that services will need to comprise at least 30% of revenue before investors start to "give it more credit." If Apple wanted to be classified as a services company, it would probably need to bring in half of revenue from services, in Munster's view. This percentage has been rising as Apple's services business grows, but services comprised just 11% of sales last fiscal year. So Apple still has a long way to go before investors start to give the segment any real respect (at least if we go by Munster's thresholds). Apple will need to come up with many more services if it hopes to get there. Apple Pay is growing, but the company has never really been too forthright about the mobile payment service's economics. Perhaps more importantly, it's really difficult to see a path toward services becoming this large in terms of the overall business, simply because the iPhone dominates Apple's financials...although in some contexts you could consider the iPhone itself as a service. iPhone-as-a-Service (iPaaS)? I know what you're thinking: The last thing we need is another "as-a-Service" acronym, and you're right. But hear me out. This isn't some new idea; investors have long relied on ongoing upgrades as part of the Apple thesis. But Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program is the clearest attempt to create long-term recurring revenue from annual upgrades in a structured way. Apple outsources the financing of this program to Citizens One, so for the most part it recognizes the related revenue upfront (net of a guarantee liability associated with the trade-in right). But I'd argue that iPhone Upgrade Program revenue could be considered a form of services revenue, even though it shows up as iPhone revenue. The AppleCare component of the iPhone Upgrade Program is likely already being classified as service, but you could effectively consider the hardware component recurring revenue, too. That rationale would also apply to customers that participate in early upgrade and leasing programs offered by carriers, which would shift the accounting to the carriers' balance sheets. The point is that you could take a subset of iPhone users that are committed to regular upgrades, either through Apple directly or via carrier programs, and arguably consider those sales as service given the long-term and recurring nature of the relationship. These data aren't available, but if you look at it this way, services actually comprise a larger percentage than what's officially reported. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple, Inc. Has a Long Way to Go to Be Perceived as a Services Company #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Rule Breaker Investing: Learning to Get Things Done With David Allen David Gardner spends some time with a guru who has positively influenced his own life. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 17, 2016 at 10:00AM For over 15 years, David Allen has been sharing his insights on productivity with countless organizations and individuals via his Getting Things Done methodology. On this episode of Rule Breaker Investing, David Gardner welcomes Allen to the show to share the story of how he developed this expertise after working dozens of jobs and how Fools can apply his experience to their own lives. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 23, 2016. David Gardner: And welcome back to this week's Rule Breaker Investing podcast. I'm David Gardner. Happy Thanksgiving to all of us in the United States of America. Wherever you are, I hope you've had and are having a wonderful holiday. Well deserved, no doubt. So I'm really excited, once again, to have another great entrepreneur join us for this Entrepreneur Month for Rule Breaker Investing and it's David Allen. David Allen is somebody who, as you'll shortly discover, is a productivity coach and guru. Somebody who wrote a wonderful book called Getting Things Done -- a book that certainly improved my life. By the way, I never really like to say "changed" my life. I don't like the whole "change life." Really, when you think about it, everything that happens at any moment is changing your life, so whenever people say "that changed my life," that kind of rings hollow for me. I like to say -- and this isn't always true of things that change our lives -- it "improved" my life. And certainly Getting Things Done has done that immeasurably for me personally and so I'm excited to share David with you in case that feels relevant to you. In case that might be helpful to you, here, as we hit the busiest time of every year. At least for me, the busiest next six weeks of every year. So I hope you really enjoy this interview with David. David has a methodology called Getting Things Done. That is the name of his book. We're going to lightly speak to that. There's no real way to do an A to Z primer for that; however, I'm excited to say that David has generously agreed to do a Rule Breaker-extra. So this week as we sometimes have -- maybe every month or two -- we have an extra. Thank you to my producer, Rick Engdahl, for putting in some (speaking of extra) extra time during a busy week to make that happen for you. But yes, we're going to go over Getting Things Done in a little bit more detail. So if you're either new to the methodology and you're interested by what we talk about (as we talk about entrepreneurs this podcast), then you're going to want to listen to the extra this weekend. Or maybe you're an old GTDer, like me, and it's good to hear from the master himself. Brush up your Shakespeare a little bit and be reinspired, I think, by my conversation this weekend with David. I should note, though (I don't think there's anything particularly time bound about this) that we recorded this interview last week. __ Gardner: And now I'm so pleased to be joined by David Allen, himself, from Amsterdam. David, welcome to Rule Breaker Investing. David Allen: Hey, delighted to be here with you guys. Gardner: Well, it's a real pleasure. You and I have gotten to know each other some over the last 10 years or so. I read Getting Things Done, your seminal work, somewhere around the first year it came out. Maybe 2003 or 2004? Somewhere like that, David? Allen: It was 2001 hardback. Paperback in 2003. Gardner: Good. I was paperback in 2003 and it was a total game and life changer for me. I've tried to give back here, some, over the years by just always mentioning how grateful I am for your work. I'm just really pleased to be joined with you this week. I wanted to start by asking you -- let's go with the superhero origin story. When did you discover that you were a superhero? How did it happen? Tell us a little bit about your early life or early employment life. Allen: Oh, my God. I had 35 jobs by the time I was 35. I didn't know what I wanted to do when I grew up. I was looking for God, truth of the universe. I was an American cultural history major in graduate school in Berkeley in 1968. If you can remember being in Berkeley in 1968, you were not there. I discovered that instead of studying people who were enlightened, I wanted my own. Graduate school didn't seem to be the source of that, so I dropped out and did all kinds of things. Karate. Meditation practices All kinds of spiritual explorations, etc. I was more interested in the inner world and how it connected to the big, big, big outer world out there. And so to make a long story short, I wasn't for rice bowl and cave. That wasn't my style. I like good chardonnay and good-looking women, etc., so I said, "You know, I still have to pay the rent while I'm on this inner exploration." It turned out I had a lot friends in a network. A lot of them had aspirations and were entrepreneurs who were starting their own businesses, so I became a really good No. 2 guy. I would just walk in and look around at what they were doing because I'm so lazy to begin with. I mean, that's why I developed GTD. I don't like to expend any effort that's not required. So I'd walk in and look around at what they were doing and say, "God, we could do this a lot easier if we did X, Y, and Z." So then we'd do X, Y, and Z and improve the situation, and then I'd get bored. And I'd go, "Okay, let me go find something else to do." And then one day I discovered they'd pay people to do that and they called them something -- so consultant. I couldn't spell it, but now I are one. So in 1981, I hung out my shingle and started Allen Associates, my own little consulting process. So then I got hungry. Being as lazy as I was, I didn't want to have to make up whatever I was doing whenever I walked into a new client. If it wasn't obvious what I could do to help improve their situation, it'd be nice to have a model, or some models that I could pull out of my quiver and be able to use that as a way to help them ask the right questions. Answer the right stuff. What I'm sure you do, David, with all that stuff that you do. So I got very hungry for that. Also, because of my other work, I had gotten very attracted to clear space. You know, in martial arts there's a lot of practice about how you clear your head so when four people jump you in a dark alley you don't want 2,000 unprocessed emails hanging in your psyche. You need a clear head to function most productively. So this sort of love of clear space. And then as my world got more complex, I started to find, "Well, wait a minute. What are some models I can use to stay clear so I can stay more focused strategically [and] have more creative room in my head, etc.?" And I began to cobble together different techniques from different people. So I had two or three different mentors and explored a lot of things. There was no one big epiphany -- just a long string of "epiphanettes" -- for about three or four years back in the early 1980s as I was starting to do this. And then I went, "God, this is really cool." I found stuff that really worked for me. Then I turned around and applied the same techniques with my clients and it turned out that it produced the same results. More results. More control. More space. More creativity. More room to think about meaningful stuff in meaningful ways. And I said, "Well, that's kind of cool." And then some guy from the big corporate world showed up. The head of human resources at Lockheed. He said, "David, our whole company sort of needs that result. Can you take what you've come up with, there, and put it into some sort of educational format?" And so I did a pilot program for a thousand executives ... Gardner: Wow. Lockheed is a big dog. Allen: Yeah, it's a big dog. We did that in 1983 to 1984. Before you were born, David, I think. Maybe. You know, somewhere back there. Gardner: I was only 17. Come on, now. Allen: And I didn't have any experience in the corporate world or in the corporate training world. I have had no traditional business or psychology courses in my life. Gardner: Beautiful. Allen: Everything I learned I learned on the street. I learned out there with my sleeves rolled up working with real people and finding out watching this stuff, really, and how it affected people. But then I didn't know what I'd figured out, frankly. I was just trying to keep a good job. I found something that people thought was valuable and they were willing to pay me to come in and do it. And I wasn't particularly entrepreneurial or aspirational at that point, anyway. I just wanted to keep doing that and support my own lifestyle. So I kept it a fairly small, boutique consulting practice. There was a couple of partners over time. And it really took me 25 years to figure out what I'd figured out. I never did any marketing. I just picked up the phone with people who referred me to other people that referred me to other people and other companies, etc. And then at some point I realized, "Gee, I might get run over by a bus." I think it was time to write the book, as it took me 25 years to figure out that what I'd figured out was unique. That nobody else had figured it out and that it was bulletproof. Nobody could punch a hole in it. Believe me, this was tested in some of the most challenging environments you could imagine of the busiest, brightest, best people in the world, and it would go viral inside of those environments. And those are people making more money in a year than I'll probably see in my life. And if this stuff was viral with those kind of people, I figured, "OK, now I feel like I have the confidence that I could put this out." That's when I wrote Getting Things Done. Gardner: And how did the book come about, David? I mean, you've described it as a 20-year journey to realizing that it should be a book. What was the actual machination by which you did a book deal? Went with the book. I mean, that was a huge shift. That's the way that I found out about you and many, many others [found out about you]. That you really had just shifted from a corporate world consulting business to all of a sudden a mainstream media business. Allen: Yeah. Well, one point ... and here's a real tip for any of the budding entrepreneurs out there. At least once at least have an ad hoc advisory group of folks that are friends of the court who will be honest with you and have some experience in different aspects of this stuff. That's what I did. I brought them together in my little yard underneath an oak tree in Ojai, California and said, "OK. Give me some advice, guys. What do I do with this tiny, little business that I've built?" And the conclusion was they said to write a good business book. And I went "Oh! OK. How do I do that?" It had been on my "someday maybe" list for a while, anyway, because I really thought about doing that. And I'd made some fits and starts but hadn't really done it. And then I said, "OK, I better just pull the plug on this," and I actually made that a real project called "(a) publish book." And I didn't know how the hell to do that, so I went and did some research. It took four years from the time I pulled that trigger until it was actually on the shelf at Barnes & Noble. That was quite a process. The first thing I had to do was figure out, "Well, first of all, how do you sell a book to somebody who's going to sell a book?" So I read whatever current literature there was on how you write a book, and that's a challenging thing, because if you're trying to sell a publisher to publish a book, you've got to write a business plan for the book. What's unique? Why is this different? Who needs this? Who's your target market? Show us an example that you can write. Creating a book proposal was an agonizing but very valuable event and stuff to do. So that took a little while to do. Also to figure out whether you should self-publish. Whether you should go directly to an editor or a publisher you know, or whether to get an agent. And luckily I had a good friend in the book business and he said, "Look. If your book has potential value outside of a particular niche ..." In other words, it might have national value for a wide audience. It's not like here's a book about the sex life of retired nomads that maybe had a niche market. "But if you have a general audience of something like that, and you don't have a name, you better have an agent." And he said, "By the way, my next-door neighbor is a good one." So he turned me on to a really good agent. She still is. She's been a great partner. She's been worth every cent of the 15% they get off of this, because she came from the publishing world. She knew the game, so she got me my first deal at Viking Penguin back then, and that's how it all started. And then it took a year to really make that happen, and then it took a year to write the first draft. The first draft didn't meet my standards. I tore it up. I took another year to write the second draft. This is now year three. And then year four, it took that year to figure out the look and feel. To get the title. And by the way, I have 400 used titles I'll sell you real cheap... Gardner: Wow! Allen: ... for this book. Zen and the Art of In-basket Maintenance was one of my favorites, but we thought that was a little cheapie. That was an agonizing process. So it was not a simple game to go from here to there to get it out. And I also had no idea how much the market would buy into this. I had high aspirations but no expectations for it, because GTD, as you know, David, is subtle stuff. It looks quite simple, but it's not your typical time management tips and tricks kind of thing. There was a whole lot of that out there in the market, [and] I wasn't sure that the world would pick up on the uniqueness and the potential power of what this methodology really was. So it was bemusing, and fun, and certainly valuable to find it was a best seller. The first year I think it sold 60,000 copies which they figure is a best seller in the nonfiction world, anyway, in the U.S. Gardner: I'm guessing you earned out your advance. Allen: I did. And actually they kept it in hardback for a second year, which they don't usually do, but they make more money on the hardback, so they figured it was popular enough that they would still make more money. That's why it was 2003 before they did a paper version of it. Gardner: Got it. Allen: And then when the paper version hit, that really hit a nerve out there because the timing was perfect. That actually hit about the same time that the blog world took off. I don't know where you guys were in 2003, but around then was Guy Kawasaki, and Robert Scoble, and a lot of the folks who were the big bloggers. A lot of them were champions of my stuff, too. So all of that was kind of a perfect storm that got GTD and Getting Things Done sort of spinning out there in the tech world. It became the first non-tech name to really spread through the tech world. And the whole GTD idea -- GTD, those three letters -- were just our internal shorthand for Getting Things Done. And it was a brand that ran out from under us. Gardner: Yeah! Allen: Suddenly the world is talking about GTD, and I went, "God, what do we do with that?" So we spent the last 13 years chasing the brand that ran out from under us. That's a short version of a very long story. Gardner: Well, and it's a story that I wish we had lots more time to talk about, but I need to drive forward very shortly to some tips that you'll have for entrepreneurs listening. That's been the focus this month. But before I go there, let me just ask you. Now, here, in 2016 reflecting back on the last 10 or 15 years, any thoughts about business or insights? Just reflecting on your own journey. Allen: Hoo! You know, it's constantly sort of eating my own dog food and working on, "OK, wait a minute. What's the vision of where we're going? What does that look like?" And our business has changed a lot. A lot of things have happened economically since that time that have affected the business. And essentially we always thought that we were going to be the holders of an intellectual property, and the only way we were going to scale it, if we wanted to scale it at all, was through partnerships and through technology. And that really hasn't changed. It's just taken various different kinds of forms. So fast-forward to today and we've got two (potentially three) partnerships that will essentially take over and already are starting to take over the marketing, sales, and actually delivery of our training programs that we've now designed to go [global]. So we have global franchises, now, for our training program. We're working with a potential partner, now, for the U.S. And that always was essentially part of the vision. We had no idea how the hell to get from here to there, but we just kept that out there as guidance about how we were making decisions about how to do it. We thought we could grow a lot of that capability internally, where you maintain higher margin and maintain essentially more control. So it's been a little dance, there, between how much we can give away and how much [we can] give up in terms of quality control but, at the same time, [get] a whole lot more reach. That's been a lot of our strategy back and forth. Our internal committees and certainly of our own heads. You know, we all have committees in our head and sometimes they start throwing plates at each other in there. And which way do you go? Which way do you travel? Gardner: David, to what extent was your move from California to Amsterdam a personal one or a professional one? Allen: Yes. Gardner: I get it. I get it. Love it. And last question, and then we are going to drive forward to our tips for entrepreneurs. How active, or what is your role today in the business? Are you the visionary and people are coming to you? Are you still out there giving seminars? What are you doing? What does the movie of you look like today? Allen: Well, one of my official titles is "Fool on the Hill," which you should probably relate to pretty easily. Gardner: You know we love that. We love that! In fact, I think you owe us five dollars for some kind of an intellectual property violation. Allen: Yeah! So, that's pretty much it, and I'm sort of the final arbiter of some of the quality in terms of just the content of the stuff. And that's primarily it. And I'm sort of the holder of the flag and the maintainer. Now we're franchising ourselves globally -- and there's a whole lot of piracy of GTD out there around the world -- so it's important when we have a real exclusive partner (that we set up, now, in 40 or 50 countries), that I show up, pat them on the back, and they see that I have now vetted them as they are the exclusive distributor because we're now licensing their master trainers and certifying them. We've got a great team of people out there, so I figured one of the reasons to be over here, in Amsterdam, was it was certainly much more the center of the world than Santa Barbara was. I'm flying tomorrow to Milan and then Sunday to Moscow giving keynote speeches. So I'm still doing that, kind of ad hoc, as the world is knocking on my door to do that and also, at the same time, helping support our new franchisees in these areas. So last year I spent a week in Thailand, a week in Tokyo, a week in South Korea, a week in Budapest just doing that. Gardner: Wow! Allen: We're getting a lot of press, because the new edition of the book, which came out last year, is now being translated into the 20 to 30 languages that the first edition was published in. So the launch of that book -- I get a chance to show up and get a lot of press... Gardner: Great. Allen: ... in those countries. So tomorrow morning I'll be on a Skype into Taiwan. They just published my book in Chinese in Taiwan, so that's a lot of what I'm doing ... Gardner: Yeah! Allen: ... and it's different every week. Gardner: You remain just as busy as ever. I do want to just remind listeners that we are going to have a pullout extra this week. David is graciously sharing some extra time going through some of his GTD tropes. That's how I think of it -- concepts. A little bit of tips and tricks. I'm going to keep it light, but a little GTD primer which I highly recommend for all Rule Breaker listeners if they're not already familiar with David's material, or even if they are. David, let's now shift to the aforementioned tips for entrepreneurs. I know that you've spent your life as an entrepreneur. You also have constantly offered coaching and other insights to entrepreneurs. I just want to get some of your best ones right now -- maybe three to five and maybe a minute or two on each -- and I just am going to let you go because I know you can go well. Allen: Well, I'm going to give you the big one. Hang on! Your head is a crappy office ... Gardner: All right. Allen: ... and virtually everybody out there is trying to use [their] head as a way to keep track. As a way to be reminded. As a way to see relationships between priorities. And you cannot do that. Your head evolved over a million years to keep track of about four things you couldn't finish when you thought of them in the moment. That was it. I mean, your brain is absolutely brilliant with what it does. Recognizing patterns based upon long-term history. But you go to the store to buy lemons and you come back with six things that aren't lemons. So your head sucks. It does not do that very well. [With] virtually every entrepreneur I meet (and I'm coaching a couple of them right now -- serious major league) the whole thing is building the external brain. You've got to get that stuff out of your head. So there's a whole process about getting stuff out of your head which, as you know, I'll go into. In our little extra I can add some more juice to that. But basically if it's on your mind, and it's on your mind more than once, that means you're not appropriately engaged with it. You need to write it down. You need to make decisions about [whether it is] something you need to act on, yes or no. And if it is, what's the very next action you need to take. So when it's popping into your head about a potential merger, or increasing your bank credit line, or potentially hiring somebody, or whatever, there are two questions. What outcome is a successful outcome for you to get this person hired and have the right person in the right place, and what's the very next action? Oh, God. Maybe I should call this friend of mine who hired somebody like that and see if they have some tips. So outcome and action. If you like to watch any kind of a ball game like basketball, or soccer, or football, the two things on anybody's mind out there on the field are where's the goal and where's the next play. So you need to build that into your entrepreneurial life. Gardner: That's a great one. And yes, we will definitely be riffing off that a little bit in our podcast extra. David, let's think about somebody who's about to open up a restaurant. It's his very first shot at opening anything. It's a business where people are failing left and right, all the time. I definitely can imagine some Rule Breaker Investing listeners who are right in that very situation. You might have opened a David Allen restaurant, for all I know, but what are a couple of things that should be on that person's mind that would be non-obvious? Allen: Well, one thing that people are thinking about in some way, probably (or they wouldn't even be there) is what would wild success look like? Wild success would look like what? And how would you know when you were there? And what exactly does that mean to you, because wild success means very different things for very different people, and so that's one of the first things that you probably need to get clear about. Look, what would cause me to not have this on my mind? And it's coming back to the GTD methodology -- that you don't have to go very far -- and oftentimes that's what people often miss. The thing that's most bugging you, or distracting you, or exciting you ... what do you need to do to get that off your mind? Because when it's on your mind, there's an inverse relationship between on your mind and getting done. So start to notice what most has your attention about this restaurant, and about the opening, and about whatever. So it could very well be those two things: thinking about vision and making sure that that's real clear, as clear as you can get it. I mean, oftentimes there's a ready, fire, aim. Sometimes you've got a vision that kind of got you started, and then you need to get started, and then you need to mature your thinking as you get started and then keep recasting the vision about what success is. But there's probably some signature that's yours personally. And I like for people to start to recognize what's your signature. I don't care what kind of business you're in or what kind of profession you're in. You've got your own signature, and when you're playing in that key, everything seems to work much better. If you're playing not in that key, nothing seems to work very well. I think looking for what's unique about you and your signature that you might tap into if you're thinking about wild success. And then more tactically and operationally, what's most got your attention about this thing, and what do you need to do to get that onto cruise control? Those would be my tips and tricks. Gardner: That's great. Let's stick with the same thread and let's fast forward it a little bit. And our entrepreneur is, at least in his mind, having wild success because he's just now opening up his third restaurant in the same metropolitan area, and that's two more than he ever thought he'd be running. What is the biggest danger that person needs to be thinking about? What would you be coaching him to do, or not to do, given wild success? Allen: Well, first of all I'd check in and say, "Is this the success that you assumed would be there?" And oftentimes people overrun their goals, and if you have an overrun goal, you're going to run into really weird space psychologically. Meaning you've actually met your goal and then you start fumbling, and you don't know what to do. You start fumbling yourself around. So if you're an A, and you want to get to C, as you get closer to C, guess what happens to your energy? Gardner: It goes down. Allen: It goes down. So if you actually want to get to C, you better have a D. Because come on, David. I haven't been at your house, but I'll bet you never fully moved in. Gardner: [Laughs] Allen: I'll bet there's a box or two that never got unpacked. Gardner: Guilty as charged. It's more than one box. Six years later. Allen: Right? [crosstalk 00:24:44] Because you had the picture, and you were there, and you had all that stuff, and then you started to get the refrigerator [voice starts to slow], and you got the music, and you got your furniture, and then plll! Then you got used to that, and that can be extremely dangerous and very subtle, and something very few people recognize. When they reach their goal, or get close to it, their energy starts to sag or wag. Now that doesn't mean you need to open three more restaurants. It could very well be that what you're going to do with your three restaurants is make them really unique, now. So again, what success would look [like] you may need to be rethinking, now. "Hey, I got this far, but is where I want to go quantity or quality? Or do I want to serve the community? Or do I want to create an environment where people can do X, Y, and Z? Have a place where I can support new artists performing in my restaurants?" I mean, there's all kinds of ways that one could think about, I would imagine. Adding more creativity, and adding more success, and more juice, and more quality to what people are doing. Because those people get older. Now I know neither you nor I are getting older... Gardner: It's true. Allen: ... but while those other people out there are getting older; oftentimes it's more quality than quantity in terms of what success really means. Gardner: OK, I think we have to end it. Well, not quite right there. I mean, time is running out, so we do need to end it, but David, how about one final money tip for entrepreneurs? The thing that I needed to ask you about 10 minutes ago that I haven't asked you? Allen: Relax. Gardner: Love it. We're just going to leave it right there. It's a beautiful ending. David Allen of Getting Things Done fame. A friend of The Motley Fool. A friend of mine. Thank you so much for spending time with us this week with Rule Breaker Investing. Allen: My pleasure, David. Take care. __ Gardner: Well, that was a real treat. I hope you enjoyed it half as much as I did. In that case, you would have had an awfully good time. So whether you're an entrepreneur, or an entrepreneur wannabe, or just somebody who enjoys listening and thinking about starting your own business, throughout the month we've heard from people who have done just that. I hope you've enjoyed hearing from them and being inspired by them. And I'm happy to say that we're going to close it out in a special way next week. So next week is not only the last week of the month, and therefore it's Mailbag week, but we're going to have much of the episode dedicated to our final, fifth entrepreneur of the month, and that's going to be Guy Kawasaki, the very famous Apple evangelist from back in the day. The author of a wonderful book for entrepreneurs called Rules for Revolutionaries. I think I'll focus my talk with Guy there. But I'm really excited to share Guy Kawasaki with you. If you're not familiar with him, one of those guys (kind of like David Allen) who has a million followers on Twitter and has influenced many lives for the better. Has improved -- not just changed -- has improved many lives. All right, and before I close just a little bit of bookkeeping. Let me mention that you can check out past episodes of Rule Breaker Investing (and actually all of The Motley Fool's podcasts) at our podcast center. I don't think I mention this one enough. It's Podcasts.Fool.com. Please avail yourself of that. I'm sure many of you are already aware of it. While you're there, you can check out our subscription services, too. Now, a new issue of our Rule Breakers service comes out with two new stock recommendations from me the last Wednesday of the month. You can check it out by going to the podcast center, again, and scrolling to the bottom of the page. That's Podcasts.Fool.com. And let me mention. If you haven't already, you can subscribe to this podcast on iTunes or Spotify and give me a review. Throw me some stars. Let us know how we're doing. Final note. It is Mailbag next week so please -- through RBI@Fool.com by email (or certainly you can just tweet it out to @RBIPodcast on Twitter) -- we would love to get a few of your questions to highlight next week. In the meantime, just a reminder again. The David Allen extra this Saturday. Happy Thanksgiving. Fool on! As always, people on this program may have interest in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Learn more about Rule Breaker Investing at RBI.Fool.com. David Gardner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 10:00AM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Rule Breaker Investing: Learning to Get Things Done With David Allen #stocks
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Advice From Wall Street’s Go-To Tax Man Robert Willens, an expert on the U.S. tax code, discusses how to position yourself for the Trump tax plan. By Andrew Bary Biography December 17, 2016 Robert Willens is one of Wall Street’s leading tax and financial-accounting experts. When hedge funds and other investors want advice on whether companies such as Yahoo! and Liberty Media can use the complex tax code for potentially value-creating transactions, they often seek his input. Willens, 70, has been offering his brand of advice for almost 30 years, first as a tax and accounting analyst at Lehman Brothers from 1987 to 2007, and since early 2008 at his own firm, Robert Willens LLC. A Columbia Business School professor for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 17, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 Apple’s gifts to retail employees this year include card stock-printed credo, limited-edition t-shirt Chance Miller - Dec. 17th 2016 8:10 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has made it a tradition to offer its retail employees a holiday gift at some point in December, and this year appears to be no different. The company yesterday gifted its retail employees a limited-edition t-shirt and a printed copy of the Apple credo. As noted by MacRumors, the gifted t-shirt is gray in color and depicts two circles. Look closer, however, and you’ll see that the circles are made up of a text list of all of Apple’s retail locations around the world. Of note, the t-shirt gifted to Apple retail employees in similar in style to that of one sold at the company’s campus store in Cupertino. As you can see in our walkthrough of that store from October, Apple sells a shirt with a similar design, but that shirt instead lists all of the company’s products within the circle opposed to retail stores like the gifted shirt. Apple sells the product shirt in its company store for $29. The other aspect of this year’s gift is a printed copy of Apple’s credo. The text is printed on a heavy card stock and is six paragraphs long. The credo is the same as what Apple introduced back in August, written in a poetic style and focusing on the company’s goal of enriching lives. Enriching lives We are here to enrich lives. To help dreamers become doers, to help passion expand human potential, to do the best work of our lives.  At our best We give more than we take. From the planet, to the person beside us. We become a place to belong where everyone is welcome.  Everyone. We draw strength from our differences. From background and perspective to collaboration and debate. We are open.  We redefine expectations. First for ourselves, then for the world. Because we’re a little crazy. Because “good enough” isn’t. Because what we do says who we are.  We find courage. To try and to fail, to learn and to grow, to figure out what’s next, to imagine the unimaginable, to do it all over again tomorrow.  At our core We believe our soul is our people. People who recognize themselves in each other.People who shine a spotlight only to stand outside it. People who work to leave this world better than they found it. People who live to enrich lives. This year’s retail gift isn’t quite as impressive as last year’s, when the company gifted employees a pair of urBeats earbuds and a 9-month subscription to Apple Music. The year before that, Apple gifted retail employees an Incase Staple backpack. While this year’s gifts might be less impressive from a monetary standpoint, Apple fans will likely appreciate the limited edition t-shirt, even though it resembles one sold in its corporate store. Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE You Won't Want to Miss This Weekend's Best Amazon Deals Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  amazon / istock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, December 17. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS, TOYS, AND MEDIA Firegram Mini Wireless Bluetooth Headset in-Ear Earbud for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, Sony, HTC, LG and More (One Earbud) for $16.99 (list price $25.99) Turbot VR Virtual Reality Headsets 3D Glasses with Adjustable Head Straps For 3D Movies and Games for $13.99 (list price $27.99) Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare - Standard Edition - Xbox One for $34.99 (list price $59.99) Zendure A3 Portable Charger 10000mAh  - Ultra-durable 10000mAh External Battery Power Bank for Phone, iPad, Android and More, PC Advisor Winner 2014-2017 - Silver for $37.89 (list price $52.95) AUKEY Lightning Cable, 3.95ft Nylon Braided [Apple MFi Certified] for iPhone 7, 7 Plus, 6, 6S, 6 Plus, iPad Pro and More for $9.99 (list price $13.99) Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (White) for $54.99  Anker PowerLine 1ft Apple MFi Certified Short Lightning to USB Cable Sturdy Charging Cord for iPhone 5/5s/5c 6/6s Plus/7, iPad mini/Air/Pro iPod touch(Black) for $8.99 (list price $29.99) Ipevo PadPillow Stand for iPad Air & iPad 4/3/2/1Nexus/Galaxy - Charcoal Gray (MEPX-07IP) for $23.95 (list price $34.00) iXCC 10ft Extra Long Apple MFi Certified Lightning 8pin to USB Charge and Sync Cable for iPhone SE/5/5s/6/6s/7/Plus/iPad Mini/Air/Pro - Black for $11.99 (list price $19.99) CTA Digital Wall/Under-Cabinet & Desk Mount with 2 Mounting Bases for 7-12" Tablets PAD-WDM for $19.30 (list price $24.99) Lexar JumpDrive TwistTurn 32GB USB Flash Drive LJDTT32GABNL (Black/Gray) for $7.99 (list price $9.67) Sony MDRXB650BT/L Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones, Blue for $78.00 (list price $129.99) Waterproof Case, 2 Pack Ace Teah Clear Universal Waterproof Case, Dry Bag, Pouch, Transparent Snowproof Dirtproof for iPhone 6 6S Plus SE 5S 5C, Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, - Blue, Green for $10.99 (list price $21.99) PNY Attache USB 2.0 Flash Drive, 64GB/ BLACK (P-FD64GATT03-GE) for $11.99 (list price $14.99) Emtec Peanuts 2.0 USB Flash Drive (ECMMD8GPN103) for $5.99 (list price $9.99) Jackery Pop Slim 5000mAh External Battery Charger - Portable Charger and Power Bank with Aluminum Shell Casing Designed for iPhone 7 6plus 6s 5s SE, Samsung Galaxy, Smart Phones Galaxy, Smart Phones for $16.99 (list price $33.99) SanDisk Ultra 128GB Dual USB Drive 3.0 (SDDD2-128G-G46) for $27.49 (list price $39.99) Fritesla 10000mAh Power Bank for Smartphones - Silver for $18.99 (list price $29.99) Anker Fast Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi 10 Wireless Charging Pad for Galaxy S7 / S6 / Edge / Plus, Note 5 / 4, LG, Nexus, HTC and More for $20.39 (list price $69.99) Photive BTH3 Over-The-Ear Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with Built-in Mic and 12 Hour Battery. Includes Hard Travel Case. for $49.95 (list price $99.95) Exploding Kittens: NSFW Edition (Explicit Content) for $19.99 (list price $24.99) Imploding Kittens: This is the First Expansion of Exploding Kittens for $12.99 (list price $15.99) Fisher-Price Little People Farm Animal Friends for $15.99 (list price $19.99) LEGO Ideas Yellow Submarine 21306 Building Kit for $49.99 (list price $59.99) LEGO BATMAN MOVIE Batcave Break-in 70909 Building Kit (1045 Piece) for $88.00 (list price $99.99) LEGO Superheroes Iron Man vs. Ultron for $11.39 (list price $12.99) LEGO Star Wars Battle on Takodana 75139 for $39.73 (list price $59.99) LEGO City Town 60134 Fun in the park - City People Pack Building Kit (157 Piece) for $30.99 (list price $39.99) LEGO Super Heroes Clash of the Heroes 76044 for $8.99 (list price $12.99) iClever BoostCube Universal 40W 4 Port USB Wall Charger with SmartID Tech and Foldable Plug, Black for $12.99 (list price $19.99) Intcrown Selfie Stick Extendable Self-portrait Monopod (Black) for $12.99 (list price $29.99) Jackery Pop 5200mAh Portable Charger External Battery Pack - Dual USB Portable Battery & Battery Charger for Apple iPhone SE, Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, 6 Plus, 5S, 5C, iPad Air, Samsung, and Android Smart Devices for $13.59 (list price $19.99) Invicta Men's 6981 Pro Diver Analog Swiss Chronograph Black Polyurethane Watch for $87.20 (list price $119.99) Casio Unisex MRW200H-2BV Neo-Display Black Watch with Resin Band for $13.57 (list price $24.95) Invicta Men's 9211 Speedway Collection Stainless Steel Chronograph Watch with Link Bracelet for $51.98 (list price $75.98) Invicta Men's 0070 Pro Diver Collection Analog Chinese Quartz Chronograph Silver Stainless Steel Watch for $72.64 (list price $99.22) Bewell ZS - W086B Wood Men Watch Analog Quartz Movement Date Display(ebony wood ) for $29.99 (list price $119.99) KITCHEN 4 Pack Premium Gummy Bear Mold & Hearts, Stars & Shells Silicone Molds + Dropper and gummy Recipe included ✮ Make Gummy, Chocolate, Flavored Ice and everything you want! The best quality silicone for $16.99 (list price $25.99) Anova Culinary PCB-120US-K1 Bluetooth Precision Cooker, 800 Watts, Black for $149.00  BEST Coffee Grinder Brush and Scoop by Coffee Gator. Premium Quality for $13.97 (list price $25.97) Blue Crepe Pan with Non Stick Cookware by Upstreet - designed flat pan for crepes, tortillas, and pancakes for $18.99 (list price $24.99) Bamboo Expandable Utility-Drawer Utensil Organizer - 8 Compartments (2 with Adjustable Dimensions) by Utopia Kitchen for $14.99 (list price $29.99) VonShef Professional 5 Piece Mixing Bowl Set - Stainless Steel with Lids, Non-Slip Surface and 3 Grater Attachments for $39.99 (list price $79.99) Tovolo Collapsible Microwave Cover for $7.99 (list price $9.99) Royal 4-Piece Stemless Wine Glass Set, Elongated and Shatter-Resistant Glass, 15oz for $11.95 (list price $29.99) Modern Innovations 16 Inch Stainless Steel Magnetic Knife Bar with Multi-Purpose Functionality as a Knife Holder, Knife Strip, Magnetic Tool Organizer, Art Supply Organizer & Home Organizer for $17.85 (list price $29.99) Euro Cuisine YM80 Yogurt Maker for $15.29 (list price $39.99) Keurig K15 Single Serve Coffee Maker Holiday Bundle with 36 K-Cup Pods, 12 Oz. Travel Mug and 35 Count K-Cup Pod Storage Drawer, Black for $97.71 (list price $119.99) Hamilton Beach 33473 Programmable Slow Cooker, 7-Quart, Silver for $29.96 (list price $70.19) Teapot Kettle with Warmer - Tea Pot and Tea Strainer Set - Tea Infuser Holds 3-4 Cups for $23.99 (list price $69.99) Vintorio Wine Aerator Pourer - Premium Aerating Pourer and Decanter Spout (Black) for $15.95 (list price $40.95) The Original SNAP'N STRAIN by Kitchen Gizmo, No-hands No-Fuss Clip-On Strainer. Fits all Pot Sizes. for $12.99 (list price $19.99) Rubbermaid FreshWorks Produce Saver Food Storage Container 2-piece Set, Small / Large, Green for $13.99 (list price $19.99) Hamilton Beach 35021 Electric Deep Fryer, 8-Cup Oil Capacity for $34.25 (list price $49.99) Corningware French White III Round Casserole with Glass Cover, 1.5-Quart for $14.92 (list price $23.84) Sunsella Vegetable Steamer - 5.3" to 9.3" - 100% Stainless Steel for $13.99 (list price $18.00) Rubbermaid Easy Find Lids Food Storage Container, 42-piece Set, Red (1880801) for $19.99 All-Clad BD55500 D5 Brushed 18/10 Stainless Steel 5-Ply Bonded Dishwasher Safe Dutch Oven with Domed Lid Cookware, 5.5-Quart, Silver for $287.96 (list price $360.00) Brita Replacement Water Filter for Pitchers, 3 Count for $14.88 (list price $15.53) Hamilton Beach 24810 4-Slice Long Slot Keep Warm Toaster for $32.80 (list price $49.99) PreciSharp 3-Stage Knife Sharpener for $25.99 (list price $49.99) Onion Goggles Tear Free Anti-fog bbq barbecue Goggles Professional Grade (Purple) for $10.95 (list price $11.95) SterlingPro Classic European Stlye Doublewall Stainless Steel Mirror Finish French Coffee Press, 35-ounce for $25.98 (list price $59.98) Primula Flavor-It Beverage System - Includes Large Capacity Fruit Infuser Core, Tea Infuser Core, and Chill Core - Dishwasher Safe - 2.9 Qt. - Black for $20.60 (list price $34.99) Silicone Bread and Loaf Pan Set of 2 Red, Nonstick, Commercial Grade Plus Bread Recipe Ebook for $17.48 (list price $29.95) Oster 2-Pound Expressbake Bread Machine with 13-Hour Delay Timer, CKSTBRTW20 for $44.09 (list price $59.99) Top Rated Bellemain Burr Coffee Grinder with 17 Settings for Drip, Percolator, Steam or Pump Espresso, French Press and Turkish Coffee Makers for $39.95 (list price $99.95) SterlingPro French Coffee Press 8 Cup (1 liter, 34 oz), Chrome for $29.85 (list price $68.00) Shun VB0718 Sora Hollow Ground Santoku Knife, 7-Inch for $59.95 (list price $100.00) Utopia Kitchen Pre Seasoned Cast Iron Dutch Oven with Dual Handle and Cover Casserole Dish, 5 Quart for $29.99 (list price $79.99) Etekcity 11lb 5kg Digital Multifunction Food Kitchen Scale with Removable Bowl 2.15L Liquid Volume Room Temperature and Timer, Backlight LCD Display for $15.59 (list price $39.99) Contigo AUTOSEAL West Loop Vacuum Insulated Stainless Steel Travel Mug with Easy-Clean Lid, 16oz, Greyed Jade for $15.00 (list price $20.99) Tovolo Sphere Ice Molds - Set of 2 for $10.99  HOME Sunbeam Microplush Heated Blanket, Full, Mushroom, BSM9BFS-R772-16A00 for $54.58 (list price $76.50) Black+Decker BDH2000PL MAX Lithium Pivot Vacuum, 20-volt for $53.49 (list price $79.99) Strongest Mildew Resistant Shower Curtain Liner on the Market-100% Anti-Bacterial 10 Gauge Heavy Duty Liner-Waterproof-72x72 Inches-Clear for $13.95 (list price $18.95) DampRid FG91 Easy-Fill System Any Room Moisture Absorber for $6.16 (list price $10.99) Munchkin Secure Grip Bath Caddy for $19.79 (list price $21.99) Rubbermaid Roughneck Clear Storage Container, 50 qt., Clear Base (1192), Pack of 5 for $52.97 (list price $61.99) Gourmet Basics by Mikasa 3-Tier Metal Market Basket, Antique Black for $39.55 (list price $63.00) Household Essentials Seagrass Stair Basket with Handle for $25.49 (list price $29.99) 12 Pack Ipow Towel Clips Plastic-Jumbo Size,4 Fun bright colors - for Beach Chairs or Pool Lounges,Heavy Duty Clips to KeepYour Towels,Clothes,Quilt,Blanket from Blowing Away or Sliding Down from Rail for $9.99 (list price $16.99) Dyson V6 Animal Cord-free Vacuum for $339.29 (list price $499.99) Shari Toilet Bowl Brush Stainless Steel Ball Holder - Swan(Silver) for $24.71 (list price $39.97) Aptoyu Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser, 120 ml for $19.99 (list price $39.99) Lasko 5307 Oscillating Ceramic Tower Heater, 16-Inch for $30.97 (list price $45.49) Bamboo Pillow | Queen | USA Designed and Filled | Best Premium Down Alternative Fiber Pillow | Stay Cool Hypoallergenic Cover | Best Pillow for Stomach, Back, and Side Sleepers By Relax Home Life (1) for $19.99 (list price $79.99) Swiffer WetJet Floor Spray Mop Starter Kit for $21.88 (list price $51.98) Olee Sleep 9 Inch I-gel Multi Layered Memory Foam Matress 09FM01Q for $152.54 (list price $199.00) Pointehaven Heavy Weight Printed Flannel Sheet Set, Queen, Paisley for $31.99 (list price $36.98) Roommates Rmk1586Scs Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals for $8.42 (list price $13.99) Sunbeam Steam Master Iron with Anti-Drip Non-Stick Stainless Steel Soleplate and 8' Retractable Cord, 1400 Watt for $24.99 (list price $29.99) Pure Enrichment PureSteam Fabric Steamer - White for $29.99 (list price $34.99) Clorox Disinfecting Wipes Value Pack, Fresh Scent and Citrus Blend, 225 Count for $8.99 (list price $11.97) RotoScrub Bathroom Cleaning Drill Accessory Kit for $14.95  Rowenta ZD100 Non-Toxic Stainless Steel Soleplate Cleaner Kit for Steam Irons for $7.62 (list price $7.99) O-Cedar Dual-Action Microfiber Dust Mop for $17.99 (list price $19.99) Honeywell HCM350W Germ Free Cool Mist Humidifier, White for $54.99 (list price $69.99) GermGuardian GG1000 Pluggable UV-C Air Sanitizer and Odor Reducer for $37.13  STERILITE 3 Drawer Mini Unit 20738006, Clear for $8.79 (list price $18.71) InterDesign Raphael Bathroom Shower Caddy for Shampoo, Conditioner, Soap - Satin for $15.70 (list price $19.99) World's Best Air Soft Microbeads Tube Pillow, Charcoal for $9.99 (list price $12.99) Hollywood Nutcrackers Kurt Adler Hollywood King Nutcracker, 18-Inch, Gold for $35.50 (list price $88.50) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Panasonic ER430K Ear & Nose Trimmer with Vacuum Cleaning System, Men's, Wet/Dry, Battery-Operated for $17.61 (list price $17.61) Pure Body Naturals Beauty Dead Sea Mud Mask for Facial Treatment, 250g / 8.8 fl.oz for $22.99 (list price $29.95) Cliganic Blackhead Remover Kit - Comedone Extractor Tool - Whitehead & Blemish Removal Set | Professional Dermatologist Safe Best for Facial Acne & Pimples. Easily Clean Pores. Instructions Included! for $9.94 (list price $19.99) Remington PG6025 All-in-1 Lithium Powered Grooming Kit, Trimmer (8 Pieces) for $15.97 (list price $19.99) Gillette Sensor Cartridges 10 Count for $8.22 after on-screen coupon (list price $22.99) Braun Clean and Renew 4 Pack, Cartridge, Refill, Replacement Cleaner, Cleaning Solution for $16.99 (list price $20.14) Colgate Wisp Portable Mini-Brush Max Fresh, Peppermint, 24 Count for $4.01 (list price $7.99) Weixinbuy 1PC Secret Jelly Lipstick Color Changing Long Lasting Lip Gloss Random Color for $2.99 Art Naturals Argan Oil Daily Hair Conditioner 16 Oz - Sulfate Free - Best Treatment for Damaged & Dry Hair - Made with Organic Ingredients & Keratin - For All Hair Types - Safe for Color Treated Hair for $14.95 (list price $24.95) Fairy Tales Repel Conditioning Spray, Rosemary, 8 Fluid Ounce for $9.73 (list price $12.95) OGX Conditioner, Hydrating TeaTree Mint, 13oz for $3.89 (list price $7.99) It's a 10 Miracle Volumizing Leave-in Lite Conditioner, 10 Ounce for $20.79 (list price $39.99) Hair Chalk | Metallic Glitter Temporary Hair Color - Edge Chalkers - Lasts up to 3 Days, No Mess, Built in Sealant, 80 Applications Per Stick, Works on All Hair Colors-6 COUNT. for $12.95 (list price $12.95) Vitamins Hair Loss Shampoo - 121% Regrowth and 47% Less Thinning - With DHT Blockers and Biotin for Hair Growth - 2 Month Supply for $29.99 (list price $49.97) Temporary Hair Chalk - Non-Toxic Rainbow Colored Dye Pastel Kit- Color Essentials Set (24 COUNT) - BIG BOUNS (3 Pairs Disposable Gloves & 3 Disposable Shawls) by SySrion (1) for $10.99  Salon Hair Coloring Dyeing Kit Color Dye Brush Comb Mixing Bowl Tint Tool Bleach by ATB for $5.97  Just For Men Original Formula Men's Hair Color, Light Brown (Pack of 3) for $17.27 (list price $24.27) BESTOPE Hair Straightener Brush Ceramic Heating Hair Straightening Irons brush for Detangling and Silky Hair (450℉ Max, Support Dual Voltage, Anti-Scald) for $25.99 (list price $39.99) Art Naturals Bath Bombs Holiday Gift Set - 6 X 4.1 Oz Ultra Lush Essential Oil Handmade Spa Bomb Fizzies - Organic & Natural Ingredients & Shea Butter for Moisturizing Dry Skin - Relaxation In a Box for $26.95 (list price $49.95) Burt's Bees Tips and Toes Kit for $9.09 (list price $12.99) Blackhead Remover Cleaner Purifying Deep Cleansing Acne Black Mud Face Mask Peel-off (Style 1) for $11.99 (list price $29.99) Aria Starr Beauty Dead Sea Mud Mask For Face, Acne, Oily Skin & Blackheads - Best Facial Pore Minimizer, Reducer & Pores Cleanser Treatment - 100% Natural For Younger Looking Skin 8.8oz for $58.95 (list price $58.95) Burt's Bees Mani Pedi Holiday Gift Set, 4 Products in Gift Box for $11.24 (list price $14.99) Aquaphor Advanced Therapy Healing Ointment Skin Protectant 14 Ounce Jar for $11.79 (list price $16.89) [TONYMOLY] I'm Real Mask Sheet Pack of 11 for $9.90 e.l.f. Makeup Mist and Set, Clear, 2.02 Ounce for $2.10 (list price $6.00) Gillette Venus Embrace Women's Razor Blade Refills 4 Count for $13.87 (list price $20.49) Baebody Eye Cream for Dark Circles, Puffiness, Wrinkles and Bags - The Most Effective Anti Aging Eye Gel for Under and Around Eyes - 1.7 fl oz for $19.95 (list price $55.00) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Paper Mate Flair Felt Tip Pens, Medium Point, Limited Edition Tropical & Assorted Colors, 24 Pack for $17.29 (list price $20.02) Colore Colored Pencils - 48 Premium Pre-Sharpened Color Pencil Set For Drawing Coloring Pages - Great Art School Supplies For Kids & Adults Coloring Books - 48 Colors for $16.99 (list price $59.99) Perler Fun Fusion Fuse Bead Bucket, Glow in The Dark for $11.74 (list price $19.59) Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Colored Pencils, 150-Count for $95.98 (list price $312.79) Colore Colored Pencils Dictionary Edition - 60 Premium Pre-Sharpened Color Pencil Set For Drawing Coloring Pages - Great Art School Supplies For Kids & Adults Coloring Books - 60 Vibrant Colors for $24.99 (list price $59.99) Post-it Cat Figure Pop-up Note Dispenser, 3 inch x 3 inch, (CAT-330) for $5.00 (list price $7.65) SETTE COLOR Gel Pens 48 Colors Set Glitter, Pastel, Metallic and Neon for $14.99 (list price $29.99) LIQUID CHALK MARKERS, 10 Pack w/ 5 Free Extra Tips, CHILD SAFE, Non-Toxic, Neon Chalkboard Markers for Non-Porous Surfaces w/ Reversible Bullet-Chisel Fine Tip for $16.99 (list price $35.99) Pro Art 18-Piece Sketch/Draw Pencil Set for $7.49 (list price $9.95) Brother CS6000i Feature-Rich Sewing Machine With 60 Built-In Stitches, 7 styles of 1-Step Auto-Size Buttonholes, Quilting Table, and Hard Cover for $162.19  Staedtler Calligraphy Pen Set, 33 Pieces for $21.29 (list price $25.97) Eparon 40-piece Gel Pen Set with 40 Unique Colors for $9.99 (list price $14.99) Bondic,Repair Anything! Better Than Glue! Waterproof, Heat Resistant, Made In USA! Up To 100 Fixes! The 1st Liquid Plastic Welder! Bond, Build, Fix & Fill Anything In Seconds! (Bondic Starter Kit) for $19.99 Liquitex BASICS Acrylic Paint Tube 48-Piece Set for $37.99 (list price $70.99) Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, Soft Core, 72-Count for $37.99 (list price $40.50) Monthly Magnetic Refrigerator Calendar from Smarty Jay | Offers Dry Erase Board | Monthly Calendar Planner for Kitchen Fridge | With Free Magnetic Dry Erase Markers Included | Organize your Life Now! for $12.99 (list price $23.99) Chalkboard Labels Complete Bundle: 73 Premium Stickers for Jars + Erasable White Chalk Marker. The BEST Large and Reusable Chalkboard Labels + Liquid Chalk Pen to Decorate Your Pantry Storage & Office for $14.84 (list price $39.99) Colore Colored Pencils - 72 Premium Pre-Sharpened Color Pencil Set For Drawing Coloring Books - Great Art School Supplies For Kids & Adults Coloring Pages - 72 Vibrant Colors for $19.99 (list price $59.99) Tombow Dual Brush Pen Art Markers, Bright, 10-Pack for $14.37 (list price $26.99) Scotch TL901C-T Thermal Laminator, 2 Roller System, Fast Warm-up, Quick Laminating Speed (White) for $16.99 (list price $29.99) e-Joy Mobile & Compact Computer Cart / Computer Desk PC Laptop Table Workstation, Black for $119.99 (list price $158.99) Magnetic Key Holder for Light Switch by MAGKEY Company - Smart Design for Keychain Ring Fob and Modern Car Keys - No More Shelf or Wall Mounts with Easy Screw in Design - 2 Pack for $7.99 (list price $11.99) Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 (FRHBFMBP3) for $10.15  OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Money Belt - Hidden Travel Pouch with 100% RFID Blocking Hidden Waist Stash Security Money Belt with Special Gifts: 1xPassport & 1xCredit Card RFID Sleeves & Money Clip - Enhance Your Security Now! for $9.77 (list price $39.95) ONSON Running Belt,Outdoor Sweatproof Reflective Waist Pack Belt,Fitness Workout Belt for Trail Running or Hiking,Expandable Pocket for iPhone 7/7 Plus,6S/6S Plus,5/5S/SE for $11.99 (list price $19.99) LifeStraw Personal Water Filter for $16.99 (list price $19.93) T-TOPER Ultra Loud 4 Modes Skull Electric Bike Horns with 2 Warning Light for $13.99 (list price $16.99) DESAY Smart Fitness Tracker,Wireless Sleep Heart Rate Monitor Activity Tracker Wristband Sport Bracelet Watch for Iphone Android(Black) for $39.99 (list price $59.99) Razor A Kick Scooter for $28.30 (list price $44.99) T-TOPER 6.6-Feetx 1/2 Inch Self Coiling Resettable 5-digit Combination Bike Cable Locks with Complimentary Mounting Bracket for $14.99 (list price $18.99) T-TOPER Outdoor Sports Aluminum Flat Military Canteen Oval Kettle Water Bottle,0.5L for $10.99 (list price $16.99) Archer Lightweight Self Inflating Sleeping Pad for $37.99 (list price $75.99) AYL TC80 4-In-1 LED Flashlight CREE - Tactical Emergency Nightlight - Telescoping Aluminum Body, Magnetized Base - Water Resistant Handheld Spotlight For Work, Auto, Camping, Garage - Battery Powered for $14.99 (list price $39.99) Buena Marca - Microfiber Travel Towel - Easy to Wash & Fast Drying - Super Absorbent Sport Towel - Ultra Compact - Ideal for Bath, Gym, Pool, Beach, Camping - 100% Risk-Free Satisfaction Guarantee for $11.90 (list price $19.90) Outmate Solar Camp Shower-5 Gallon for $10.99 (list price $17.49) Mysuntown 2016 New Style Unisex Winter Trapper Trooper Hat for $19.99 (list price $39.99) US Weight F0105E- 105-Pound Weight Set with Dumbbells for $77.44 (list price $109.99) Kettlebell Exercise Cards by Strength Stack 52. Kettlebell Workout Playing Card Game. Video Instructions Included. Learn Kettle bell Moves and Conditioning Drills. Home Fitness Training Program. for $19.97 (list price $24.97) Simple Modern 25oz Vacumm Insulated Wave Bottle - Double Walled Stainless Steel Water Thermos Cup - Compare to S'well, Contigo, Yeti, Hydro Flask - Cola Style Sports Tumbler - Multiple colors available for $19.99 (list price $45.00) Gonex 80L Foldable Travel Duffel Bag Water & Tear Resistant 10 Color Choices for $23.99 (list price $78.59) 4' x 8' x 2" PU Leather Gymnastics Tumbling / Martial Arts Folding Mat for $73.08 (list price $90.28) Chuckit! Pro 18M Launcher for $10.80 (list price $17.99) Chuckit! Small Ultra Ball 2-Inch, 2-Pack for $2.87 (list price $5.46) GREENIES Dental Dog Treats, Regular, Original Flavor, 36 Treats, 36 oz. for $18.85 (list price $31.99) HemingWeigh 1/2-Inch Extra Thick High Density Exercise Yoga Mat with Carrying Strap for $35.99 (list price $79.99) ProSource Multi-Grip Chin-Up/Pull-Up Bar, Heavy Duty Doorway Trainer for Home Gym for $19.54 (list price $29.99) Razor V-17 Youth Multi-Sport Helmet for $23.99 (list price $29.99) Flybar Foam Master Pogo Stick for $40.85 (list price $43.07) ELECTRONICS Noontec-TerraMaster F2-220 2-bay NAS Drive Intel Dual Core 2.41GHz 2GB RAM PLEX DLNA Media Server Personal Cloud Storage (Diskless) for $179.99 (list price $259.99) Star Wars USB Drives (15297) for $13.99 (list price $18.99) Sabrent SuperSpeed 2-Slot USB 3.0 Flash Memory Card Reader for Windows, Mac, Linux, and Certain Android Systems - Supports SD , SDHC , SDXC , MMC / MicroSD , T-Flash [Black] (CR-UMSS) for $6.49 (list price $16.99) Sabrent Premium 60 Watt (12 Amp) 6-Port Aluminum Family-Sized Desktop USB Rapid Charger. Smart USB Charger with Auto Detect Technology [Black] (AX-FLCH-B) for $26.99 (list price $49.99) CyberPower CSP600WSU Surge Protector 6-AC Outlet Swivel with 2 USB (2.1A) Charging Ports for $13.31 (list price $18.64) All-New Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black for $39.99 (list price $49.99) Amazon Echo - Black for $139.99 (list price $179.99) Fitbit Charge 2 Heart Rate + Fitness Wristband, Black, Small for $129.88 (list price $149.95) Optoma HD142X 1080p 3000 Lumens 3D DLP Home Theater Projector for $549.00 (list price $999.00) Sennheiser RS120 On-Ear Wireless RF Headphones with Charging Dock for $52.99 (list price $129.00) Koss KTXPRO1 Titanium Portable Headphones with Volume Control for $9.93 (list price $13.49) Nest Cam Outdoor Security Camera for $179.99 (list price $199.00) Anker 60W 10-Port USB Charger Multi-Port USB Charger PowerPort 10 for Apple iPhone 6 / 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 / mini 3, Samsung Galaxy S6 / S6 Edge and More - Retail Packaging-(Black) for $33.59 (list price $99.99) 1byone Amplified HDTV Antenna - 50 Mile Range with Detachable Amplifier USB Power Supply and 10ft Coax Cable for $29.99 (list price $39.99) Amazon Fire TV + HD Antenna Bundle for $99.99 (list price $121.47) Dell 15.6-Inch Gaming Laptop (6th Gen Intel Quad-Core i5-6300HQ Processor up to 3.2GHz, 8GB DDR3, 256GB SSD, Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M, Windows 10) for $659.99 (list price $779.99) Sonos PLAY:5 Ultimate Wireless Smart Speaker for Streaming Music (Black) for $469.00 (list price $499.00) ASUS ZenPad Z300M-A2-GD 10.1" Touchscreen WXGA (1280800), IPS, 350 nits, MTK 8163 Quad-Core 1.3GHz, 2GB DDR3L, Rose Gold for $149.00 (list price $179.00) Sony HTCT390 Ultra-slim Sound Bar with Bluetooth for $198.00 (list price $399.99) TOOLS 24 Piece Premium Titanium Lock Tool Set with Transparent Pad Lock and Guide Book for $38.99 (list price $45.99) Craftsman 3 pc. Locking Pliers Set for $36.65 (list price $44.99) GlowGeek Electronic Digital Caliper Inch/Metric/Fractions Conversion 0-6 Inch/150 mm Stainless Steel Body Orange/Black Extra Large LCD Screen Auto Off Featured Measuring Tool for $21.99 (list price $59.99) 2PCS Stainless-Steel Kitchen Sink Strainer - Large Wide Rim 4.5" Diameter - Perfect for Kitchen Sinks (Large) - Fengbao for $9.99 (list price $10.99) Duck Brand 281504 Indoor 5-Window Shrink Film Kit, 62-Inch x 210-Inch for $7.47 (list price $13.00) Lemontec Waterproof Wireless Solar Spotlight with Motion Sensor, Pack of 4 for $29.99 (list price $79.99) TEKTON 5866 12-Inch Oil Filter Pliers for $9.99 (list price $11.99) ThorFire PF03 Pen Flashlight LED Pen Light Super Bright EDC Mini Pocket Torch for $15.99 (list price $35.99) Sywon Full Set 60W 110V Electric Soldering Iron Kit with Adjustable Temperature Welding Iron, 5pcs Tips, Desoldering Pump, 2pcs Tweezers, Tin Wire Tube, Stand and 6pcs Aid Tools in PU Carry Bag for $35.99 (list price $60.99) Streamlight 73001 Nano Light Miniature Keychain LED Flashlight, Black for $8.72 (list price $9.99) Stanley STST14027 SortMaster Tool Organizer for $10.79  Stanley STHT20138 Solid Frame High Tension Hacksaw (12in / 305mm) for $9.26 Stanley 46-071 Premium Quick Square Layout Tool, 7" for $5.97 (list price $10.30) Shop-Vac 2036000 2.5-Gallon 2.5 Peak HP Wet Dry Vacuum, Small, Red/Black for $40.99 (list price $73.95) SE 7503SD 3-Piece Power Extension Bit Set for Drills for $4.42 (list price $5.39) SE MH1047L Illuminated Multi-Power LED Head Magnifier for $7.85 (list price $19.95) Outlite A100 High Powered Tactical Flashlight - Ultra Bright LED Handheld Flashlight - Portable Outdoor Water Resistant Torch with Adjustable Focus and 5 Light Modes for Camping Hiking etc for $14.99 (list price $49.99) Makita T-01725 Impact Drill-Driver Bit Set, Black Oxide, 70-Piece for $23.87 (list price $45.00) Klein Tools 32581 4-in-1 Electronics Precision Screwdriver with Spin Top for $9.97 (list price $13.96) LE Headlamp LED, 4 Modes Headlight, Battery Powered Helmet Light for Camping, Running, Hiking and Reading, 3 AAA Batteries Included for $8.49 (list price $18.95) IRWIN VISE-GRIP GrooveLock V-Jaw Pliers, 8-Inch, 2078108 for $8.30 (list price $20.64) Gerber Splice Pocket Tool, Black [31-000013] for $11.85 (list price $22.10) Floureon 38-piece Precision Screwdriver Set Repair Tool Kit for iPad, iPhone, PC, Watch, Samsung and Other Smartphone Tablet Computer Electronic Devices for $13.99 (list price $35.99) Etekcity Lasergrip 1022 Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer -58℉~1022℉( -50℃ ~ 550℃) with Adjustable Emissivity & MAX Display, Blue for $19.99 (list price $70.99) BLACK+DECKER LDX120C 20-Volt MAX Lithium-Ion Cordless Drill/Driver for $48.00 (list price $52.98) BLACK+DECKER BDCMTSB Matrix Wide-Mouth Storage Bag for $18.97 (list price $29.99) Stanley PTST03508 Premium Paint Kit, 8-Piece for $10.22 (list price $15.82) RamPro Total Furniture Repair System - 12Pc Scratch Restore & Repair Touch-Up Kit - Felt Tip Markers, Wax Stick Crayons. for $7.89 (list price $10.99) OXYLED T-02 Stick-on Anywhere Portable 10 LED Wireless Motion Sensing Light Bar with Magnetic Strip (Battery Operated) - Silver for $10.99 (list price $17.99) More from mental_floss...  5 Crazy Ways People Amused Themselves Before Television  5 Hit Songs, Translated  How to Swear Like an Old Prospector  How Marty McFly and Doc Brown Became Friends December 17, 2016 - 11:00am Share . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss How One Line of Text Nearly Killed 'Toy Story 2' The Murder of Rasputin: The 100th Anniversary of a Mystery That Won't Die No, Scientists Have Not Found a ‘New Organ’ POPULAR ON mental_floss 54 Fantastic Facts for National Trivia Day Where Your Favorite British TV Shows Take Place, Mapped Infographic: Signs You Should Not Accept that Job Offer POPULAR ON mental_floss Why Can’t You Buy Dippin’ Dots in Grocery Stores? 6 Bizarre Sharks That Live in the Deep Ocean “Mirrors With Memories”: Why Did Victorians Take Pictures of Dead People? POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Clever Moments of TV Foreshadowing You Might Have Missed There Are Now Only Two Living Members of the Shaker Faith The Map With Only 38 States POPULAR ON mental_floss 12 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Pharmacists 11 Gay Book Characters Turned Straight for the Movie Version 13 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Tattoo Artists POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Shocking Secrets of Flight Attendants ‘Aladdin’ Director Confirms Long-Held Fan Theory 25 Things Turning 25 in 2017 NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Has a Long Way to Go to Be Perceived as a Services Company But what if you considered part of the iPhone business as a service? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Dec 17, 2016 at 9:30AM Image source: Apple. Over the past year or so, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has made a concerted effort to shift investor focus from unit sales and product cycles toward recurring-revenue sources like services and subscriptions. The iPhone maker started highlighting non-GAAP financial metrics like installed base purchases, which represented the gross value of digital content that users purchase in aggregate, irrespective of how those purchases end up being accounted for on Apple's financial statements. Interestingly, Apple didn't disclose this figure last quarter, but that could be more about the SEC's broader crackdown on non-GAAP metrics that's been going on all year. The company is still very much trying to highlight services growth, noting the services business hit an all-time record last quarter. Here's CEO Tim Cook on the last earnings call: We had a record-setting quarter for services with revenue growth accelerating to 24%, reaching $6.3 billion. App store revenue continued to skyrocket while music revenue grew by 22% thanks to the growing popularity of Apple music.  ... We remain very confident about the future of our services business, given the unmatched level of engagement, satisfaction, and loyalty of our growing installed base. We have almost doubled the size of our services revenue in the last four years, and as we've said before, we expect it to be the size of a Fortune 100 Company in FY17. For reference, the bar to make it into the Fortune 100 for 2016 was about $28.1 billion, and Apple's services revenue for fiscal 2016 was $24.3 billion. Goodbye, Gene Longtime Apple analyst Gene Munster is leaving Piper Jaffray to pursue a new career in venture capital, but the analyst is giving investors a parting research note. Munster has similarly taken note of how Apple has been trying to change investor perception, but the analyst believes that services will need to comprise at least 30% of revenue before investors start to "give it more credit." If Apple wanted to be classified as a services company, it would probably need to bring in half of revenue from services, in Munster's view. This percentage has been rising as Apple's services business grows, but services comprised just 11% of sales last fiscal year. So Apple still has a long way to go before investors start to give the segment any real respect (at least if we go by Munster's thresholds). Apple will need to come up with many more services if it hopes to get there. Apple Pay is growing, but the company has never really been too forthright about the mobile payment service's economics. Perhaps more importantly, it's really difficult to see a path toward services becoming this large in terms of the overall business, simply because the iPhone dominates Apple's financials...although in some contexts you could consider the iPhone itself as a service. iPhone-as-a-Service (iPaaS)? I know what you're thinking: The last thing we need is another "as-a-Service" acronym, and you're right. But hear me out. This isn't some new idea; investors have long relied on ongoing upgrades as part of the Apple thesis. But Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program is the clearest attempt to create long-term recurring revenue from annual upgrades in a structured way. Apple outsources the financing of this program to Citizens One, so for the most part it recognizes the related revenue upfront (net of a guarantee liability associated with the trade-in right). But I'd argue that iPhone Upgrade Program revenue could be considered a form of services revenue, even though it shows up as iPhone revenue. The AppleCare component of the iPhone Upgrade Program is likely already being classified as service, but you could effectively consider the hardware component recurring revenue, too. That rationale would also apply to customers that participate in early upgrade and leasing programs offered by carriers, which would shift the accounting to the carriers' balance sheets. The point is that you could take a subset of iPhone users that are committed to regular upgrades, either through Apple directly or via carrier programs, and arguably consider those sales as service given the long-term and recurring nature of the relationship. These data aren't available, but if you look at it this way, services actually comprise a larger percentage than what's officially reported. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple, Inc. Has a Long Way to Go to Be Perceived as a Services Company #stocks $AAPL
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Technology Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Login Subscribe Business Technology Alexa and Siri are listening — and Amazon and Apple are learning from them Originally published December 17, 2016 at 8:00 am Updated December 16, 2016 at 2:23 pm David Limp, Amazon’s senior vice president of devices, shows off the growing family of Alexa devices in March (Jeff Chiu/AP) Amazon, Microsoft, Apple and China’s Baidu are on a worldwide hunt for terabytes of human speech. Microsoft, for instance, has mock apartments to record volunteers speaking in a home setting. The companies use such data to teach their computers how to understand and respond.  Share story By Jing Cao and Dina Bass Bloomberg News Amazon’s Echo has made tangible the promise of an artificially intelligent personal assistant in every home. Those who own the voice-activated gadget (called Alexa, after its female interlocutor) are prone to proselytizing “her” charms, applauding Alexa’s ability to call an Uber, order pizza or check a 10th-grader’s math homework. The company says more than 5,000 people a day profess their love for Alexa. On the other hand, devotees also know that unless you speak to her very  clearly … and … slowly, she’s likely to say: Sorry, I don’t have the answer to that question. “I love her. I hate her, I love her,” one customer wrote on Amazon’s website, while still awarding Alexa five stars.  “You will very quickly learn how to talk to her in a way that she will understand, and it’s not unlike speaking to a small, frustrating toddler.” Voice recognition has come a long way in the past few years. But it’s still not good enough to popularize the technology for everyday use and usher in a new era of human-machine interaction, allowing us to talk with all our gadgets — cars, washing machines, televisions. Despite advances in speech recognition, most people continue to swipe, tap and click. And probably will for the foreseeable future. Most Read Stories KOMO cuts positions in newsroom 'It is over': VP Joe Biden shuts down Seattle congresswoman Pramila Jayapal's last-ditch effort to halt Trump  WATCH UW seismologists ready to record rumble of Seahawks fans at playoff game vs. Lions Do you live in Seattle's most liberal or conservative neighborhood? Check our map. | FYI Guy Knitting a movement: Why you’ll see pussyhats everywhere in January | Nicole BrodeurUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. What’s holding back progress? Partly the artificial intelligence that powers the technology has room to improve. There’s also a serious deficit of data — specifically audio of human voices, speaking in multiple languages, accents and dialects in often noisy places that can defeat the code. So Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and China’s Baidu have embarked on a worldwide hunt for terabytes of human speech. Microsoft has set up mock apartments in cities around the globe to record volunteers speaking in a home setting. Every hour, Amazon uploads Alexa queries to a vast digital warehouse. Baidu is busily collecting every dialect in China. Then they take all that data and use it to teach their computers how to parse, understand and respond to commands and queries. The challenge is finding a way to capture natural, real-world conversations.  Even 95 percent accuracy isn’t enough, says Adam Coates, who runs Baidu’s artificial-intelligence lab in Sunnyvale, Calif. “Our goal is to push the error rate down to 1 percent,” he says.  “That’s where you can really trust the device to understand what you’re saying, and that will be transformative.” Not long ago, voice recognition was comically rudimentary. An early version of Microsoft’s technology running in Windows transcribed “mom” as “aunt” during a 2006 demo before an auditorium of analysts and investors. When Apple debuted Siri five years back, the personal assistant’s gaffes were widely mocked because it, too, routinely spat out incorrect results or didn’t hear the question correctly. When asked if Gillian Anderson is British, Siri provided a list of English restaurants. Now Microsoft says its speech engine makes the same number or fewer errors than professional transcribers, Siri is winning grudging respect, and Alexa has given us a tantalizing glimpse of the future. Much of that progress owes a debt to the magic of neural networks, a form of artificial intelligence based loosely on the architecture of the human brain. Neural networks learn without being explicitly programmed but generally require an enormous breadth and diversity of data. The more a speech-recognition engine consumes, the better it gets at understanding different voices and the closer it gets to the eventual goal of having a natural conversation in many languages and situations. Hence the global scramble to capture a multitude of voices. “The more data we shove in our systems the better it performs,” says Andrew Ng, Baidu’s chief scientist. “This is why speech is such a capital-intensive exercise; not a lot of organizations have this much data.” When the industry began working seriously on voice recognition in the 1990s, companies like Microsoft relied on publicly available data from research institutes such as the Linguistics Data Consortium, a storehouse of voice and text data founded in 1992 with backing from the U.S. government and at the University of Pennsylvania. Then tech companies started collecting their own voice data, some of it garnered from volunteers who came in to read and be recorded. Now, with the popularity of speech-controlled software gaining ground, they harvest much of the data from their own products and services. When you tell your phone to search for something, play a song or guide you to a destination, chances are a company is recording it. (Apple, Google, Microsoft and Amazon emphasize they anonymize user data to protect customer privacy.) When you ask Alexa what the weather is or the latest football score, the gadget uses the queries to improve its understanding of natural language (although “she” isn’t listening to your conversations unless you say her name). “By design, Alexa gets smarter as you use her,” says Nikko Strom, senior principal scientist for the program. One of the key challenges is getting the technology conversant with multiple languages, accents and dialects. Nowhere, perhaps, is this more crucial than in China. Seeking to harvest dialects from all over the country, Baidu launched a marketing campaign during Chinese New Year earlier this year. Calling the push a “dialect conservation initiative,” the search giant promised people that if they contributed they would help usher in a future when they would talk to Baidu using their dialect. In two weeks, the company recorded more than 1,000 hours of speech to plug into its computers. Many people did it for free simply because they were proud of their hometown dialects. A high school teacher in Sichuan was so excited about the program, he asked a class of students to record more than 1,000 ancient poems in Sichuanese. Another challenge: teaching voice-recognition technology to pick up commands over background noise — the clamor of happy hour, say, or the cacophony of a sports stadium. Microsoft has deployed an Xbox app called Voice Studio to harvest conversation over the din of users shooting villains or watching movies. It offered rewards including points and digital apparel for avatars and lured hundreds of subjects willing to contribute their game chatter to Microsoft’s speech efforts. The program worked gangbusters in Brazil, where the local subsidiary promoted the app heavily on the main Xbox page. The data was used to create the Brazilian Portuguese version of Cortana, released this year. Companies are also designing voice-recognition systems for specific situations. Microsoft has been testing technology that can answer travelers’ queries without being distracted by the constant barrage of flight announcements at airports. The company’s technology is also being used in an automated ordering system for McDonald’s drive-thrus. Trained to ignore scratchy audio, screaming kids and “ums,” it  can spit out a complicated order, getting even the condiments right. Amazon is conducting tests in automobiles, challenging Alexa to work well with road noise and open windows. Even as companies scour the world for data, they’re figuring out ways to improve voice recognition with less of it. The technology being tested at McDonald’s is more accurate than other systems that use much more data, says Xuedong Huang, Microsoft’s chief speech scientist, who has been working on voice recognition at the company for more than two decades. “You can always have breakthroughs even without using the most data.” Google generally subscribes to a less-is-more philosophy, deploying a piecemeal approach that uses unintelligible units of sound to build words and phrases. With its speech-recognition system, it aims to solve multiple problems with just one change. For its data sets, Google strings together tens of thousands of audio snippets that are typically two to five seconds long. The process requires less computing power and can be more easily tested and tweaked, says Google researcher Françoise Beaufays. For its part, Baidu is working on more efficient algorithms where learning one language makes it easier to learn the next 12. That’s particularly important for those spoken by tens of thousands of people rather than millions, where there just won’t be huge swaths of data no matter what, says Ng, the company’s chief scientist. Ask researchers like Ng when it will be possible to speak naturally to your digital assistant and they get wistful. No one really knows. Neural networks remain mysterious even to those who understand them best. And much of the work is trial and error. Based on the current technology and methods, the process will probably take years. But Ng, Huang, Beaufays and other scientists say you never know when a breakthrough will arrive, catapulting research forward and turning Alexa and Siri into true conversationalists. Jing Cao Dina Bass Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Ireland to appeal EU’s record $14 billion tax order on Apple Previous Story Prime Air pilots warn Amazon shoppers that holiday package deliveries may be delayed Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] Super Mario Run Release Date for iPhone: 5 Things That We Know  Travis Pope12/14/2016 Eager to impress smartphone shoppers ahead of the holiday season, electronics maker Apple shocked audience members and fans watching its iPhone 7 Event. Ironically, it wasn’t the announcement of a water-proof device or upgrades in processors that generated all the amazement It was the reveal of the Super Mario Run release for iPhone. Advertisement The reveal of Super Mario Run shocked a lot of people this morning – particularly fans of the Mario franchise. Published and developed by Nintendo, no Mario game has ever made it onto the platform of another company. In fact, Nintendo uses its most popular brands to boost sales of its Nintendo 3DS handheld. Earlier this year, the company said that it would focus more on mobile while still trying to lure users to the Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo 2DS. Super Mario Run will bring Nintendo’s most popular video game character to smartphones for the very first time. Here’s what we know about the upcoming game. Super Mario Run Release Date Confirmed in a press release well after the game’s original announcement, Nintendo has finally confirmed a Super Mario Run release date. iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch users can expect the game to arrive on December 15th. The game will require devices to run Apple’s iOS 8 operating system. Advertisement Nintendo has planned a staggered, country by country launch of the game. Support for Russian, English, Japanese, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Dutch and Russian are confirmed. Chinese languages will be supported to. It’s coming to 151 regions and countries. Advertisement As for the Super Mario Run release time, no one really knows. Presumably, New Zealanders will be the first to get the game in their version of the iTunes App Store, followed by other time zones in sequential order. Super Mario Run Release: Exclusive to iPhone Nintendo took the stage to announce Super Mario Run just as Apple was giving the press a look at the iTunes app store’s performance. The point was clear, through working with developers of all kinds, Apple devices will continue to have access to the most interesting, well-made apps out there. Super Mario Run won’t immediately be available on anything else but devices that run iOS, Nintendo confirmed on-stage at the reveal. That’s a big change in direction for Nintendo. The company’s first-ever game for mobile devices was Miitomo. It came to both Android and iOS. Advertisement Super Mario Run Release: Run & Tap Controls Perfect for One Hand Super Mario Run looks a lot like the console versions of the game that you might have seen before. Certainly, the point of the game hasn’t changed a lot. You’re still Mario. You’re trying to reach the end of levels by avoiding cracks in the ground and collecting coins. It’d have been easy for Nintendo to abdicate responsibility for controlling the characters in this game. After all, Super Mario Run is an offshoot of a game that focuses heavily on physical controls and has been around for a very long time. The company didn’t. The Run in Super Mario Run’s title comes from some pretty important changes to the game’s mechanics. In the franchise’s other platformers, players are free to stop, run or turn around. Run doesn’t give players that opportunity at all. Mario keeps moving forward at break-neck speed. Only through dodging the different obstacles quickly will players make it to the end of the level. Through finger taps users force their character to jump. In a press release sent out after the reveal, Nintendo said that it hoped users would be able to enjoy the entire game with just a single hand. Advertisement Super Mario Run Release: Multiplayer Besides the basic mode, Nintendo also gave users a look at the game’s dedicated Toad Tally Mode. This feature lets users compete with the scores that other players have managed to rack up on their own. Super Mario Run Release: Price Too often, one thing that seriously puts a damper on mobile games is their business model. In the early days of the iTunes App Store, games had cover charges. You could buy a game for a flat fee and play it as long as you wanted. All of that changed when the so-called Games-as-a-Service phenomenon took over. Developers started giving away their games for free to attract as many people as possible. With users hooked, the game’s economy would kick in. Players needed in-game tools or currency to make the game they were playing a less time consuming. Now almost all mobile games feature some kind of economy like this. Advertisement Super Mario Run won’t require or encourage extra digital purchases, Nintendo says. Instead, it’ll have a cover charge so that user’s don’t need to keep spending money on in-game items and currency that they can’t use anywhere else. There’ll be a free and a paid version of the game, Nintendo has confirmed. The game will sell for $9.99. This version provides unlimited access to everything that Super Mario Run has to offer. The free version will let users try all of three of its modes, but only on a limited basis. Super Mario Run Release: Online Only When you finally do get your hands on Super Mario Run, plan to have an internet connection. Like other popular smartphone games, the game will require that users have an internet connection to play. Why Nintendo made that decision is unclear, but some speculate it’s because it wants to ensure some enterprising users aren’t able to get the game for free. There’s only hours left until the Super Mario Run release. It’s sure to be a big day for Nintendo fans around the world. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Held by Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Has $4,747,000 Position in Staples, Inc. (SPLS) BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Insider Sells $1,183,259.16 in Stock CarMax Inc (KMX) SVP Mohammad Shamim Sells 30,404 Shares BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) Plans Dividend of $0.99 Insider Selling: Progress Software Corporation (PRGS) Major Shareholder Sells 850,000 Shares of Stock Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stake Raised by First Merchants Corp December 17th, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Merchants Corp raised its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 2.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 21,275 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 576 shares during the period. First Merchants Corp’s holdings in Apple were worth $2,405,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Orinda Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 131.7% in the third quarter. Orinda Asset Management LLC now owns 3,846 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $435,000 after buying an additional 2,186 shares in the last quarter. Oakworth Capital Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 5.7% in the third quarter. Oakworth Capital Inc. now owns 58,783 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $6,645,000 after buying an additional 3,189 shares in the last quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 33.6% in the third quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp now owns 21,537 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,434,000 after buying an additional 5,422 shares in the last quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 3.8% in the third quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 219,331 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $24,795,000 after buying an additional 8,030 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Henderson Group PLC boosted its stake in shares of Apple by 30.9% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 4,518,868 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $510,722,000 after buying an additional 1,067,785 shares in the last quarter. 56.84% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $115.97. 44,351,134 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $618.39 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.96 and a beta of 1.29. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $111.19 and its 200-day moving average price is $107.06. Apple Inc. has a 1-year low of $89.47 and a 1-year high of $118.69. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.66 by $0.01. The firm earned $46.85 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.88 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 35.59% and a net margin of 21.19%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 9.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.96 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $9.01 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/17/apple-inc-aapl-stake-raised-by-first-merchants-corp.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Pacific Crest reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $129.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Wells Fargo & Co. reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, September 9th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $115.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, August 26th. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $130.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lowered Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $130.00 to $115.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $128.47. In other news, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 43,769 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $115.07, for a total transaction of $5,036,498.83. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 22,381 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, September 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $113.06, for a total value of $2,530,395.86. Following the sale, the insider now owns 47,043 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,318,681.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Food Health Boomer U Voices A&E Blog A&E calendar Cultural events Family & Kids Food & Dining Local area guides Movies On Tap Beer Blog Visual arts Features Secrets of a Big Apple Greeter: Tips for first-timers in NYC SATURDAY, DEC. 17, 2016, 10 A.M. By Beth J. Harpaz Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS NEW YORK – As a native New Yorker, a licensed city tour guide and a volunteer Big Apple Greeter, I’ve answered lots of questions from tourists over the years. Among them: “Is it safe to drink the water?” (Yes.) “What does ‘curb your dog’ mean?” (Dogs should not use sidewalks as a bathroom.) And my favorite: “Where are all the supermodels?” (I don’t know.) The Big Apple Greeter organization matches out-of-towners with locals for free neighborhood visits and other outings, and as a greeter, I’ve also shepherded tourists from around the world on their first subway rides, visits to Harlem and Brooklyn, and tastes of local delicacies (like bagels). Along the way I’ve given lots of advice on enjoying the city while staying safe, having fun and sticking to a budget. Here are some tips. Safety Street food is safe to eat. Crime is very low but safeguard your wallet from pickpockets and don’t drape your purse over your chair. Many people will accost you, trying to sell you things. Keep walking. It’s not uncommon to hear of pedestrians hit by bikes or even cars. Look both ways when crossing the street. Use seatbelts in cabs. The best things in New York are free Staten Island Ferry: Great views of the Statue of Liberty, Lower Manhattan and New York Harbor. Runs 24 hours a day. Beautiful at night with the city lit up. No. 1 subway to South Ferry or 4 or 5 trains to Bowling Green. 9/11 park: A powerful symbol of the city’s resilience, with One World Trade rising above. Reflecting pools built in the footprints of the twin towers are a moving tribute to those who perished. Be sure to stop at the Survivor Tree. Check out the Oculus nearby, a cool and curious white-winged structure with shops and eateries inside. Walk across the Brooklyn Bridge: Take the C or A train to the High Street stop on the Brooklyn side and walk back to Manhattan. Central Park: New Yorkers live in tiny apartments. City parks are our collective backyards. Enter at 59th Street and Fifth Avenue, just north of the Manhattan White House, aka Trump Tower. The High Line: This vertical park built on an old rail line 30 feet above the street runs for about a mile from 34th Street west of 10th Avenue to just below 14th Street. Expect crowds. Grand Central, 42nd Street and Lexington Avenue: Notice the famous four-faced clock, cathedral windows, grand staircases and zodiac signs in the ceiling. A black rectangle in the northwest corner of the ceiling is a reminder of the days prior to a 1990s renovation when the entire ceiling was black from decades of tobacco smoke. Times Square: New Yorkers hate this place. Under new rules, tip-hungry costumed characters and half-naked painted women must stay confined to a teal-colored zone. The subway It’s noisy, dirty and confusing but generally safe and efficient. Chances are you will encounter homeless people, panhandlers, musicians and trains so crowded you can’t get on. It runs 24 hours a day, though trains and riders thin out overnight. Trust your gut: If someone is acting strangely or aggressively, make like a New Yorker and walk away. If you bump someone accidentally, a sincere apology is expected. Get a free map from a manned booth. There’s also a map in every car of every train. Most New Yorkers can provide basic directions but this app is good for route-planning: citymapper.com/nyc. Trains are sometimes rerouted on weekends; see web.mta.info/weekender.html. Each one-way ride costs $2.75. Best deal is an unlimited seven-day pass for $31. Or put $20 on a regular pay-per-ride MetroCard and the machine will give you a free 11 percent bonus, $2.20, covering 8 rides total. If you pay in cash and don’t have exact change, you’ll get coins back. If you pay by credit card and you’re from abroad, type in 99999 as your ZIP code. There’s a $1 fee for the card, but you can refill it. Prices are likely to rise in spring 2017. Attractions Buy online timed tickets for attractions when available. Otherwise arrive a half-hour before opening time to reduce your wait. Empire State Building, Top of the Rock or One World Trade observatories? I prefer the first two because they’re in the middle of Manhattan, whereas much of what you see from One World Trade is the harbor and New Jersey. Many museums schedule a few free hours each week. The Metropolitan Museum of Art lists a suggested admission but you don’t have to pay it. To me, the Museum of Modern Art’s permanent collection is worth the steep $25 admission (don’t miss Van Gogh’s “Starry Night”). Neighborhoods A few of my favorites: In Harlem, have a bite at Marcus Samuelsson’s Streetbird on 116th Street and walk across the neighborhood’s main street, 125th Street. Joe Shanghai on Pell Street in Chinatown is cheap, crazy, fun and good; be prepared to wait for a table and beware the hot broth inside the pork dumplings. From Chinatown, walk to Little Italy for dessert at Ferrara’s, 195 Grand St. Hang with the hipsters in trendy Brooklyn: Take the L train to Bedford in Williamsburg or Jefferson in Bushwick. Among many options for great pizza, I like Lombardi’s, C train to Spring Street. Published: Dec. 17, 2016, 10 a.m.  Tags: Big Apple, New York City, travel Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Megan McArdle Tags: tech | upgrades | macbook pro | apple Tech Upgrades Really Aren't That Great Anymore (Dollar Photo Club) By Megan McArdle, Bloomberg View Saturday, 17 Dec 2016 12:05 PM More Posts by Megan McArdle, Bloomberg View Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    This week, after four and a half years of faithful service, I finally replaced my old laptop. I will not bore you with the litany of troubles that led to this decision. The only interesting thing about my decision to replace my old 15-inch Macbook Pro is what I chose to replace it with: a nearly identical Macbook, about four years newer. But not quite the newest model. For the first time in my life, I decided to sit out an upgrade cycle and buy the older model, now being sold at a discount like day-old bread. I won’t say that the discount played no role in my decision. But in previous years, I’d have swallowed hard and handed over the money, because I am, in the laptop world, a hardcore power user. I game on my laptop. I frequently have a dozen or so applications open, two or three of which are browsers with many tabs open. Faster processors, more memory -- these things are sufficiently valuable that I’m willing to pay for them, because they make me more productive. The trouble is, the upgrade cycle is no longer delivering those things. The processors in the latest model were marginally faster than in the previous one, but you couldn’t add memory, which I needed more. Instead, Apple is focusing on things I care about a lot less, like making the laptop thin -- even though that meant losing USB and SD card ports that I still use, and losing a lot of “play” from the keyboard. As a friend pointed out to me, Apple has become obsessed with thinness to the point of anorexia. But my decision is not primarily evidence of Apple making poor design decisions. Instead, it’s a lesson in the limits of the form -- and the way that’s affecting upgrade cycles, and very probably, Apple’s future revenue. For decades, we’ve been talking about “Moore’s Law” -- the rule of thumb that the number of transistors on a chip doubles every 18 months. More transistors mean more processing power. And in my early years as a computer user, that mattered a great deal. Each new generation of computer delivered a massive improvement in performance—more hard drive, more memory, faster processor. Those things meant that the software that ran on those computers rapidly developed more bells and whistles that took advantage of all that new power. People who used that software found themselves forced to upgrade, because trying to run it on an old system was unbearably slow. But we’re starting to hit the limits of Moore’s Law. As Peter Bright of Ars Technica recently wrote: “Constrained by heat, clock speeds have largely stood still, and the performance of each individual processor core has increased only incrementally. What we see instead are multiple processor cores within a single chip. This increases the overall theoretical performance of a processor, but it can be difficult to actually exploit this improvement in software.” Improvements on both laptops and phones are increasingly coming from more marginal features: sharper displays, solid-state drives, better cameras, different sets of ports. In contrast, more computing power is a general-purpose improvement that provides a lot of different benefits to different kinds of users -- and can force users to upgrade, as their old devices become unusably slow. Nicer accessories or thinner form factors do not necessarily trigger a stampede to the Apple store. And we’re seeing this in upgrade cycles. My 4.5 years is actually on the low side for replacing a computer; the average now is nearly six years, which of course means that a substantial number of users are waiting longer than that. For replacing mobile devices, too, consumers are waiting longer, in part because phone companies are no longer subsidizing the phones to get you to invest in a contract, but also, I suspect, because devices are just not getting better as fast as they once were. We used to upgrade our phones every two years because the new operating systems ran on old phones as if they’d been given high doses of valium. Now we’ll wait until the batteries won’t hold a charge -- and if it were possible to replace the batteries, we might wait even longer than that, because I’m not willing to pay hundreds of dollars to get a better camera while losing my headphone jack. And that may be the biggest reason that upgrades are slowing down. The old improvements in processing power meant that upgrades were pure upside. The new improvements outside of processing power often require tradeoffs. The latest iPhone design is thinner and more waterproof than older models. But to get there, Apple had to lose a headphone jack that people were pretty fond of. This hardly means that technology companies are going to go out of business. But it may well slow revenue, and in turn, slow innovation. Investing in a big overhaul every year or so makes sense when consumers were reliably swapping out their gadgets at the two-year mark; that gives you a very big market over which to defray the cost of all that R&D. As the market for each new model shrinks, companies may make each new overhaul less flashy, or alternatively, stretch out the cycles so that they’re introducing big improvements only around the time that consumers are ready to replace their last model. As Apple did with the Macbook Pro. In other words, personal computing is completing the shift from an early-innovation market, which sees massive changes in form and power every few years, to a mature market in which people treat products like cars: Gee, that feature is nice, but I can probably wait a few more years to have it. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.   Megan McArdle is a Bloomberg View columnist. She wrote for the Daily Beast, Newsweek, the Atlantic and the Economist and founded the blog Asymmetrical Information. She is the author of "“The Up Side of Down: Why Failing Well Is the Key to Success.”   More Posts by Megan McArdle, Bloomberg View Republicans Should Save These 3 Unpopular Parts of Obamacare The Big Problem With 401(k)s We Refuse to Solve How to Rekindle the Magic in Your Political Union More Newsmax Blogs: Megan McArdle: Republicans Should Save These 3 Unpopular Parts of Obamacare Joel L. Naroff: Tight Labor Market Forcing Firms to Pay Higher Wages Virginia Postrel: Why Americans Long to Live in an HGTV Home © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share MeganMcArdle The old improvements in processing power meant that upgrades were pure upside. The new improvements outside of processing power often require tradeoffs. tech, upgrades, macbook pro, apple 1015 Saturday, 17 Dec 2016 12:05 PM 2016-05-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented China Media Warn Trump of 'Big Sticks' If He Seeks Trade War Thursday, 05 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Trump does not want a trade war. He wants fair trade. What is wrong with... Millennials Think the Trump Economy Is Going to Implode Friday, 06 Jan 2017 | 69 comments Between the last 8 years and the indoctrination they got in collage, this... Wall Street Banks: Trump's Economy to Fall Far Short of Lofty Goals in 1st Year Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 65 comments It's going to take him some time to clean up the messes of the last 16... Ford Cancels $1.6 Billion Mexico Plant After Trump Criticism Tuesday, 03 Jan 2017 | 29 comments Make Vicente Fox Cry Again!... Motley Fool: 7 Ways the GOP's Proposed Social Security Changes Could Impact Your Pocketbook Wednesday, 04 Jan 2017 | 27 comments If congress would put back all the money with interest they looted from... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 17, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 Niantic plans for Pokémon Go app for Apple Watch (Updated) Chance Miller - Dec. 17th 2016 9:31 am PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit [ed. note: We got this one wrong. We had heard a similar story to the reddit post from a 3rd party that was working with Niantic on the Pokemon Go Watch.  That person explained that Niantic was focusing on their own wearable and not the Apple Watch App.] At this point it is clear that our source was wrong and we were wrong. Sorry for blowing that one, we’ll do better in the future. Niantic is working on its own wearables.  Pokemon Go is available at the app store.  Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 Back in September, Apple and Niantic announced that the popular game Pokémon Go was coming to the Apple Watch before the end of this year. Since then, however, no news has come concerning that release and now it appears that the plans have been scrapped altogether… After rumors emerged claiming that Niantic had ceased development of Pokémon Go for Apple Watch, 9to5Mac has confirmed with a source with knowledge of the plans that the Apple Watch app has for now been shelved. Reports claim that what Niantic demonstrated on stage at Apple’s iPhone event in September was an “unfinished port.” Referring to the Apple Watch app as a “port” is somewhat interesting as it was originally described as being a companion app, with features such as the Apple Watch tapping your wrist as you approached a Pokéstop. At this point, Niantic hasn’t offered up any official details as to why it ceased development of the Pokémon Go Apple Watch application. In a customer support email response, an alleged Niantic representative stated that while plans have been ceased, “if demand for an Apple Watch port increases, we will continue development of a port.” Of note, 9to5Mac reached out to Niantic earlier this week to confirm if the company would hit its end-of-year target ship date for the Apple Watch Pokémon Go app, but the company didn’t offer a statement one way or the other. The Pokémon Go app for Apple Watch was widely believed to be a way for Niantic to continue tempting users to regularly play the game. While the game was initially a smash success, interest has waned over recent months. Niantic has been rolling out features such as a special one-day events and rewards for using the app daily as a way to drive users to the app. Niantic notably released its own wearable for Pokémon Go back in September. Called Pokémon Go Plus, the wearable connects to your smartphone via Bluetooth and flashes a built-in LED light to notify you of nearby players and Pokémon. Niantic’s Pokémon Go Plus wearable makes the company’s decision to cease development of the Apple Watch app even more interesting. The wearable sold out nearly instantly, thus signaling that there is a market for Pokémon Go on the wrist and that the Apple Watch app would have been popular had it come to market. It’s unclear what the decision to stop development for Apple Watch means for the game coming to other hardware devices or the future of the company’s own wearables. Perhaps the opportunity with its own hardware was part of the reason it’s not planning to release for Apple Watch. Most recently, Pokémon Go added more Pokémon including a holiday-themed Pikachu and characters from Gold and Silver video games. Additionally, it was revealed that Pokémon Go was teaming up with Starbucks and Sprint for promotions. While the Apple Watch Pokémon Go app may be no more, you can still download the original app from the App Store and everything will continue as normal. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices iPhone 7 Plus: How to take photos using the new Portrait mode The Independent David Phelan 12/17/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Provided by Independent Print Limited The long-anticipated Portrait mode has finally arrived for the Apple iPhone 7 Plus, as part of a recent update. Portrait mode is designed to create those stylish and effective shots that professional photographers manage, where the subject is in sharp focus but the otherwise-distracting background is moodily blurred. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 117.91 +1.30 +1.11% It’s called the bokeh effect, created by a deliberately shallow depth of field. Depth of field is the distance between the foreground and background that’s in focus. Bokeh, Japanese for blur, is used to describe the quality of the blurry parts of the picture. Although the Portrait mode was announced in September, Apple said it would follow later, due to the need to test it thoroughly in every situation, tweaking the effect. That’s because, unlike traditional photography, this is achieved using software algorithms as well as the iPhone 7 Plus’s two cameras. A regular SLR camera achieves the effect by opening the aperture wide – the larger the aperture, the shallower the depth of field. Often, you’ll want a smaller aperture so as much of the picture is in focus but this means a longer shutter speed to let more light in. Mobile phone cameras, however, can’t adjust the aperture. Apple’s solution is to use both the close-up and the distance cameras at the same time, then apply complicated algorithms to the result and artificially blur what the iPhone’s brain deems to be background. It’s not foolproof, but the effects are pretty striking. It’s easy to use: launch the camera and choose Portrait from the range of options which previously just had Photo, Video, Square, Panoramic, Slo-mo and Time-lapse. Then take note of messages onscreen. For instance, you need a certain level of lighting for the effect to work. Brighter light makes better portraits. You’ll also get a message if you need to change your distance from the subject. I’ve tried the Portrait mode with an occasionally amenable subject. I should just say that this mode is meant for humans, and as you’ll undoubtedly have noticed, my subject is a dog. Note that in one of the shots her tail is deemed to be part of the background rather than her, though I quite like the result. On the whole, a background that’s a bit further away makes the depth of field more noticeable and higher contrast between front and back helps, too. So contrasting colours are good. The best thing about the Portrait mode is that it, like high-end cameras, gives a real-time preview of the effect so you can judge if it’s arty enough for your liking. The camera saves two versions, one without the Portrait feature and labelling the other as Depth Effect, though you’ll probably have spotted which is which. This software effect is not as brilliant as using the right lens on an SLR, of course, as it blurs everything equally where the right piece of SLR glass will specifically render out-of-focus points of light which creates the right bokeh. But for the camera you always have with you, and one that doesn’t make your pockets bulge like an SLR would, it’s a pretty cool effect.© Provided by Independent Print Limited Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Independent British Airways strike: what it's about, and the possible effects The Independent 8 cities worth the flight time The Independent The truth about pilots and alcohol: Risks and rules The Independent New York to Paris flight diverts to Ireland so passengers can use toilets The Independent The Independent View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Jan 2017 Chuq Von Rospach: My advice for Apple Jan 2017 Hey Apple, it's time to give up thinness for bigger, longer-lasting batteries Jan 2017 The future of macOS: Fix the old stuff? Jan 2017 Attention, Tim Cook! Apple isn’t firing on all cylinders and you need to fix it Jan 2017 What Apple's 2016 acquisitions tell us about 2017 and beyond Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac The first app to find your missing AirPod(s) arrives…do yours fall out? [Poll] Apple features artwork to celebrate the Chinese New Year with wallpapers for Mac, iPhone, and iPad Happy Hour Podcast 101 | CES 2017, Zac’s Apple Watch journey, and iOS 10.3 rumors Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Matias announces backlit version of its Wireless Aluminum Keyboard in Silver and Space Gray 9to5Toys Last Call: 3-pack Anker Lightning Cables $20, DJI Phantom 3 Pro Drone $699, Klipsch Earbuds $37, more Focalcrest announces Mixtile Hub to bridge existing ZigBee and Z-Wave smart home products into HomeKit + Siri control 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Apple cuts Tim Cook’s pay by $1.5M as company announces 2017 shareholder meeting iPhone 8 will dramatically outsell the iPhone 6 due to much larger subscriber base – Nomura Cute thermal printer turns your iPhone content into Post-It-style sticky notes Apple confirms plan to open its first ever retail store in Samsung’s home city of Seoul Official Beats Instagram photo fuels rumors about a new ‘Jet White’ iPhone 7 color once again [Update] Apple History: Acorn, a virtual click-wheel-based OS which lost out to iOS, shown in its 2006-era glory [video] Apple to temporarily relocate flagship Fifth Avenue retail store on January 20 for renovations MacRumors CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro AppleInsider Apple celebrates Chinese New Year with original Nianhua folk art wallpapers made on Mac and iPad Leviton presents hub-free HomeKit in-wall dimmers, switches Hands-on: Fibaro's HomeKit-enabled flood, door/window, and motion sensors Video demonstrates old 'Acorn OS' interface considered for iPhone prior to iOS Two-year probe of Apple's alleged anti-competitive behavior shut down by Canadian government Focalcrest Mixtile Hub claims to bridge HomeKit, previously incompatible home automation devices Apple shareholder's meeting scheduled for Feb 28, nine proposals to be voted on CEO Tim Cook's compensation cut by $1.5M following Apple's 2016 decline in sales Apple camera lens manufacturer posts significant profit, shedding doubt on iPhone order cuts AppleInsider podcast at CES talks Apple HomeKit, tech trends, and the struggle to ship MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Prototype Interface for an iPod-Based Apple Phone Dan Nainan, the 55-Year-Old ‘Millennial’ ‘Comedian’ Vermont’s Maple Syrup Logo Intel’s Compute Card Is a PC That Can Fit in Your Wallet Apple, The New York Times, and China [Sponsor] Aaptiv: On-Demand Audio Fitness Ev Williams Announces Layoffs at Medium Why Chris Adamson Bought a New Mac Pro Last Week Wesley Moore’s Search for an Alternative to MacOS AirPod Cases Disguised as Dental Floss Dispensers T-GAAP Where Does Apple Go To Grow? Merry Christmas from T-GAAP If you think AirPods Are Ugly It's Time You Take Another Look Record Sales For Surface? Seriously? MacBook Pro: Great Features, Expensive Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best MFi game controllers for iPad & iPhone 2017: Best Bluetooth gaming joypads 161 best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games: Amazing iOS games you need to play iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features Protect your Apple ID: two-factor authentication vs two-step verification iOS 10 release date UK | iOS new features | Which iPhones & iPads run iOS 10? Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours The 131 best Mac games ever: Fantastic Mac games you need to play 19 best Apple Watch stands & charging docks New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price CNET iPhone Update Shorter lines for pricey burgers as Shake Shack ups mobile rollout - CNET iPhone 8: Most-wanted features - CNET Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET Jan 06, 2017 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 117.91 (+1.30, +1.11%) | NASDAQ: 5521.06 (+33.12, +0.6%) Four arrested after vehicle smashes into Palo Alto Apple Store in brazen heist Monday, December 5, 2016 · 9:31 am · 17 Comments “Police have arrested four suspects after a team of thieves brazenly invaded a Peninsula Apple Store early Sunday morning,” Ted Andersen reports for The San Francisco Chronicle. “Palo Alto police said 8-10 burglars stormed an Apple Store in downtown Palo Alto just after 4 a.m. after crashing a rented SUV through the shop’s 40-foot-tall glass windows. Officers responding to a dispatch call found a badly damaged 2016 Kia Soul abandoned on the sidewalk near the scene at 340 University Ave,” Andersen reports. “Officers then located a second vehicle at 445 Bryant Street, just across the street from the Apple Store, with numerous Apple computers and phones lying on the ground nearby, which they recovered.” “Officers searching the area detained four individuals for questioning, all of whom were later placed under arrest for burglary, vandalism and conspiracy felony charges,” Andersen reports. “Police arrested 19-year-old Shaquin K. Ferguson and 18- year-old Erica Jaynisha White as well as two teenage males.” Read more and see the mughots in the full article here. MacDailyNews Note: Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Palo Alto 24-hour dispatch center at (650) 329-2413. Anonymous tips can also be e-mailed to paloalto@tipnow.org or sent via text message or voice mail to (650) 383-8984. SEE ALSO: Car drives through Apple Store Berkeley in smash-and-grab burglary – May 9, 2014 Apple Retail Store in Berlin hit by smash-and-grab; display merchandise stolen – December 23, 2013 Apple Store Opera in Paris robbed of $1.3 million worth of products on New Year’s Eve – January 1, 2013 BMW X5 drives into Apple Store in brazen burglary (with surveillance video) – September 13, 2012 1 killed in shot to head, 2 arrested in shootout at Apple Store Otay Ranch – April 4, 2011 Categories: News Tags: apple retail store, Apple Store Berkeley, Apple Store Palo Alto, ARS, Berlin, burglary, conspiracy, crime, felony, Kurfürstendamm, Palo Alto, smash-and-grab, theft, vandalism Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 17 Comments MacAllister Monday, December 5, 2016 - 9:40 am · Reply Shaquin and Jaynisha. Typical. “If I had a son, he’d look like Shaquin, but he’d be much lighter since I’m a mulatto myself.” – Barack Hussein Obama, racist divider who failed in his attempt to destroy the US from the inside out Bradford Monday, December 5, 2016 - 10:03 am · Reply I’m not so sure Obama was attempting to destroy the U.S. I think he was, instead, simply ill-equipped for the job (look no further than his inability to build any consensus and tendency to stay cloistered in the White House, totally unable to work across the aisle) and subscribed to a statist ideology that was destined to fail. The job growth Trump will unleash will be Reganesque. As for Obama being a racist divider, that he certainly was. No president would say “If I had a son…” if he wasn’t trying to incite racial tensions, unless he was just too ignorant to know better or too narcissistic to care. thetheloniousmac Monday, December 5, 2016 - 10:29 am · Reply I’m kinda sure about it. If he wasn’t, he’s a blithering idiot. If he was, dust off the chess table, the man is a genius. Gollum Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:38 am · Reply Shame on all three of you. This is not a political post. It’s about crime at an Apple Store. Thankfully the perps got caught without anyone getting hurt. For the record Obama was working with a congress that vowed to block him at every turn. Even if he proposed change that the GOP wanted, they wouldn’t give him any air to breath. It was all about him being in the White House, and you know it. To Hell in a hand basket, 1/20. Chris Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:44 am · Reply You do realize President Obama’s party did control Congress for his first 2 years, right? Instead of building across the aisle his response was “I won”. AHA can be reformed Monday, December 5, 2016 - 5:58 pm · Reply It took 2 years to implement the AHA. It was a formerly republican plan (Romney implemented it in MA). And of course it was a major gift to insurance companies in order to gain corporate support. But end result is that millions gained insurance. The last 6 years of the Obama administration, the republican congress vowed to replace the AHA but never did. They vowed to repeal it and spent an inordinate amount of time revoting it, a total waste of time and taxpayer money. In the next few years, if the republican party does do anything related to healthcare, please be intellectually honest and evaluate them on persons covered versus costs incurred and by whom. I would be willing to be that no cost to anyone will go down unless you choose the freedom of being a parasite on society and live with no insurance, expecting emergency room care at top taxpayer dollar to resolve easily preventable issues that the AHA ensures that every American should have as a minimum standard. Ironic how the extreme righties want high standards for everything but the health of their fellow countrymen. Gollum Saturday, December 17, 2016 - 1:48 pm · Reply Yes and it was a waste of time. When things could have happened, it was a lot of infighting and mistrust. occasionalposter1 Monday, December 5, 2016 - 12:05 pm · Reply You LIKE Obama. He can do no wrong in your eyes. That is the problem with people we like. It isn’t what is right in our eyes, it is WHO is right and it usually is those we side with, unfortunately. I didn’t vote for him because he didn’t express my values. He WAS (and still IS, at the moment) my president. I hoped that he would bring some healing to this country and do some things for the poverty level, but it only got worse. (I live an a large generational poverty area of the country and see it daily. It has gotten worse. No, it wasn’t the Republicans blocking him as you “see” it. Remember the times he wanted HIS budget and refused to pay the military and other governmental bills, blaming it on Republicans? And then spent 50 times that in what he tried to hide as secret money to Iran? Shut the government down, blame the other side, send much more money than that is secret pay off in cash to another country. Nothing, no way to justify that or explain it. CitizenX Monday, December 5, 2016 - 2:37 pm · Reply Stupid, stupid, stupid. That was Iran’s money. Can you say that slowly, that was Iran’s money. You do know that congress spends money? Not the President. Oh wait, no you don’t. Truth is so foreign to you. peterblood71 Monday, December 5, 2016 - 9:41 am · Reply Oh yeah, totally worth it. Well thought out plan. Iron clad course of action if your intent was to be caught easily and live for an extended period behind iRon bars. TomInTulsa Monday, December 5, 2016 - 10:53 am · Reply Sadly we will have to go through a lot of these until word gets out that it doesn’t work. Apple knows what equipment was stolen, the computers and phones will be worthless. I hate the property damage but am glad there were no injuries. BoycottMacdailynews Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:01 am · Reply This has become the Breitbart, white nationalist Mac user group page. Can’t do it anymore. Plenty of other sites with real Apple related news. Not to mention site design has always sucked. Looks like an amateur blog so it kinda makes sense. See ya. Truax Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:27 am · Reply Watch out for that door hitting’ you in the ass! yolo Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:28 am · Reply How can we miss you if you won’t go away? Pirate Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:47 am · Reply Or perhaps, there are more folks that share an anti-liberal politics view than you think? Perhaps most Americans outside of NYC and CA are sick and tired of their country focusing more on bathroom rights for a handful of Americans, rather than jobs for all of those unemployed? Perhaps this is why we elected an outsider to shake up Washington? Did that ever cross your mind? Reality Check Monday, December 5, 2016 - 11:57 am · Reply It is just like Germany in the 1930s where people’s racist bigoted tendencies were made ‘legitimate’ by a ‘strong’ leader. We have not yet seen the rise of the Brown Shirts to coral the rest of us but the Bigot in Chief hasn’t even taken office yet. Give it a chance yet. Maybe it won’t be very bad. After the masses realize that a government of the rich by the rich is for the rich, maybe they will finally resist and stop the rise of the oligarchy. In the meanwhile, we have to endure this political abuse. Its only 8 more years after all. Yes, the US voters are that thick. gasior Monday, December 5, 2016 - 12:28 pm · Reply We need tougher penalties for such crimes, including property destruction. I think default should be 2-3 years of hard labor, and by hard I mean rock quarry, building railroad tracks in Alaska, etc. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles TV gimmicks are dead. 2017 is the year of real next-gen television Playing ‘Witcher 3’ on a MacBook Air thanks to Nvidia’s GeForce Now Chuq Von Rospach: My advice for Apple Boosted by Trump rally and Apple, Wall Street parties like it’s 19,999 Pornhub stats prove Windows users are the biggest wankers on the Internet UPMC Susquehanna’s new surgical center supported by Apple technology Britain has world’s strongest economy after Brexit Apple to open first retail store on home turf of beleaguered rival Samsung Next-gen HDMI will support 8K video with HDR Strength in numbers: Apple’s best weapon still packs much untapped power; more affordable iPhones and iPads would unleash it MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,465 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Xcode - Apple The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. Pool! - DoraLogic OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Microsoft OneNote - Microsoft Corporation App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Notability - Ginger Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Duplicate Photos Fixer Pro - Systweak Software  Top 10 Free iPad Apps Super Mario Run - Nintendo Co., Ltd. YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hot Wheels: Race Off - Hutch Games Ltd The Weather Channel App for iPad – best local forecast, radar map, and storm tracking - The Weather Channel Interactive Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Hill Climb Racing 2 - Fingersoft  Top 10 iTunes Songs Shape of You - Ed Sheeran Castle on the Hill - Ed Sheeran I Don’t Wanna Live Forever (Fifty Shades Darker) - ZAYN & Taylor Swift 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Mercy - Shawn Mendes Bad Things - Machine Gun Kelly & Camila Cabello This Town - Niall Horan Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Say You Won't Let Go - James Arthur Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5  Top 10 iTunes Albums 11 Short Stories of Pain & Glory - Dropkick Murphys Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists La La Land (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Sing (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Deluxe) - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Blurryface - twenty one pilots Perfectly Imperfect - EP - Grace VanderWaal  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Infiltrator - Brad Furman The Magnificent Seven (2016) - Antoine Fuqua Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Deepwater Horizon - Peter Berg Max Steel - Stewart Hendler Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Pete's Dragon (2016) - David Lowery  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Amnesia Appetizers - The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Crossing - Vikings Ringmaster Keifth - Modern Family The Gang Turns Black - It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Back In Baby’s Arms - Nashville The Six Thatchers - Sherlock 2101 - The Bachelor Lipet’s Seafood Company (#111) - The Blacklist The Holiday Summation - The Big Bang Theory Nor I, Nigel, Aka Leg in Iron - Blindspot  Top 10 Audiobooks The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life (Unabridged) - Mark Manson Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds (Unabridged) - Michael Lewis How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Final Day (Unabridged) - William R. Forstchen Born to Run (Unabridged) - Bruce Springsteen The Secret (Unabridged) - Rhonda Byrne The Princess Diarist (Unabridged) - Carrie Fisher The Marriage Lie (Unabridged) - Kimberly Belle The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2017 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Guest Why you should be afraid of Google’s expansion into hardware Eden Chen, Fishermen Labs December 17, 2016 11:05 AM Tags: Eden Chen, Google, Google Daydream, Google Home, Google Pixel Above: Look at all those Google Homes, Daydreams, and Pixels! Image Credit: Illustration via Harrison Weber/VentureBeat Google first made waves in the hardware market when it purchased Motorola in 2011 for $12.5 billion. A company on the scale of Google getting involved in hardware put some established manufacturers on edge, though anxiety abated when Google later sold Motorola to Lenovo for $3 billion. Without being directly involved in hardware production, Google has continued to exert a huge influence over the market. Numerous hardware companies supported Android early on, helping it become the de facto alternative to iOS. Now, smartphone companies have no choice but to embrace Google. The development sounding alarms throughout the tech world, however, is the recent launch of the Google Pixel smartphone. The stars truly aligned for the Pixel’s launch, with missteps from Samsung and Apple providing an ideal window for the new device. While Samsung struggles with the worst manufacturing mistake in the history of the mobile industry, Apple has been under fire for its “courage” to release an iPhone without a headphone jack. The conditions are ideal for the Pixel to succeed. That thought should signal terror in the tech world. Playing favorites Google has a near monopoly of the mobile operating system marketplace, with about 88 percent of the market, according to the International Data Corporation. In the same way Google first destroyed its search engine competitors, I believe the company is on a path to dominate the hardware arena. Companies such as Samsung, LG, and others that have come to rely on the Android OS suddenly find themselves in a precarious position. They will have no way to compete once Google begins to give its own devices preferential treatment through software updates and new features. The last time Google attempted to break into mobile hardware with its $12.5 billion purchase of Motorola Mobility, Samsung seemed ready to jump ship from Android OS. The latest shot across the bow of the smartphone world puts companies such as Samsung and LG in a terrible spot, likely forcing them to seek business outside of the mobile marketplace. HTC — the original equipment manufacturer of the Pixel — has already started to diversify its portfolio by entering the virtual reality space with its Vive. Google’s products differ from competitors because the company can leverage the mountain of data in its ecosystem. The Pixel’s Google Assistant artificial intelligence surpasses Microsoft’s Cortana and Apple’s Siri by drilling down into users’ existing Google accounts to personalize every interaction. Google has snared billions of users with its intuitive and essential services, giving it an incredible advantage over competitors. Some have dismissed the threat of Google’s hardware ambitions, pointing to legendary smartphone failures from Amazon and Microsoft. Others hope privacy concerns raised by Google’s growing digital hegemony will spark consumer backlash, hamstringing Google’s hardware push before it builds momentum. It’s a mistake to see Google’s focus on hardware as a market disruption. The Pixel is primed to upend the mobile marketplace. Google’s growing ambition The Pixel smartphone is part of a pipeline of new Google products set to invade various verticals. Google Home will compete with Amazon’s Echo. Google Wifi is designed to make all other Internet routers obsolete; Apple recently ceased development of its own line of wireless routers. And the Google Daydream headset could quickly take over the nascent VR market. Startups and established business alike should rethink their strategies in response to Google’s hardware aspirations: Build a moat. No matter how unique you think your startup might be, you will eventually face competition from Google and other companies. File patents early in the creation process to protect your intellectual property and protect your company against duplication or displacement. Microsoft famously had to pay $290 million in damages to small Canadian company i4i after allegedly infringing on i4i’s patent by using an XML feature in Word. Don’t become reliant. Many companies become vulnerable to Google because their infrastructure relies on the tech giant’s creations. Smartphone manufacturers had a choice between creating their own operating systems or outsourcing that work to Google. HTC, Samsung, LG, and others opted to embrace Android OS because it was the easy solution. Android-based phones have been successful for years, but these companies face an existential crisis as Google enters the hardware fray. Independent development is a major undertaking, but it’s the only way to create something Google cannot. Smaller organizations can contract with a third-party developer if they lack the internal infrastructure. Stay fresh. Google has deep inroads with customers via Gmail, YouTube, and myriad other offerings. The only way a competitor can hold out against Google is by offering unique products and bringing diversity to its lineup. You might be a hardware company right now, but you’ll need to branch out into software over time. FitBit, Skull Candy, and Blackberry have all learned this lesson the hard way. Focus on your organization’s core mission, and brainstorm new ways to meet that goal. I believe the image is changing of Google as a benevolent tech giant more interested in innovation than monopolization. Companies would be wise to take steps to protect themselves from losing ground to Google, as the Silicon Valley giant is poised to dominate the hardware space for the foreseeable future. Eden Chen is the cofounder of Fishermen Labs, a Los Angeles-based development agency focused on taking digital products from ideation to execution. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Queensland National World Weird Technology Opinion Photos Weather Read Your Paper Sport NRL Supercoach NRL AFL Football Rugby Racing Cricket Motor Tennis US Sports Basketball Golf More Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Music Books Competitions Leigh Paatsch What's On Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies QLD Business Monthly Terry McCrann Lifestyle Travel Money Health Food Parenting Fashion Stellar Horoscopes Home & Garden Games RealEstate News NSW QLD SA VIC Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video News Video Sport Video Entertainment Business Lifestyle Travel Technology Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools> Internet Options>Privacy>Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools>Options>Privacy<Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon>Options>Under the Hood>Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Breaking 11:09AM Fans pay tribute to George Michael 11:09AM Qld police save Canadian child porn victim 11:09AM NSW driver clocks 204km/h on Vic freeway 10:45AM Stocks recover ground after US jobs report 10:24AM Putin 'directed campaign' to help Trump 10:17AM Suspicions over Toowoomba motel fire 10:13AM Many mutilated among 31 Brazil jail deaths 10:10AM Summernats death sparks ban on ute rides 10:09AM Gunman kills 5, wounds 8 at US airport 10:03AM Hacking didn't affect vote result: Trump National Random axe attack injures two Gay dad ‘thrown’ from bridge World Hillary Clinton, mayor of New York City? Airport shooter was discharged Sponsored Links Newsletters iPad App Mobile Send Stories Send Pics News Breaking News Queensland Local National World Opinion Photos Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Townsville Bulletin Gold Coast Bulletin Cairns Post Geelong Advertiser Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Soccer Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing Basketball Netball US Sports   Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies   Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions   Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Realestate Travel Money Health Food Fashion Parenting Home & Garden Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword   Vogue Taste Body + Soul Kidspot Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local The Courier Mail Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Contact Us Sponsorship Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Subscriber Advantage Tributes Careers Journalism Program Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Terms of Use Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu COME FLY WITH ME How to get Apple’s beautiful Apple TV screensavers on your Mac Written by Mike Murphy December 17, 2016 Now on Macs. (YouTube/iFunography) Share Written by Mike Murphy December 17, 2016 When Apple launched the latest version of its streaming device, the Apple TV, in 2015, it unveiled a set of stunning slow-motion screensavers for the device. The short videos that play when the box is idle depict aerial footage of some of the most famous skylines and landscapes around the world, and yesterday, Dec. 16, it introduced some new ones, including the skyline of Dubai, and the snowy hills of Greenland. Love the Apple TV Aerial screensavers. The new ones today are stunning. https://t.co/p12N640Elu pic.twitter.com/uEODd3yoBF — Owen ⚡️ (@ow) December 16, 2016 For some reason, Apple has confined this set of beautiful screensavers to the Apple TV. But if you’d like to have these vistas greet you when you return to your idle Mac laptop or desktop, there’s actually a pretty simple way to do that, according to Cult of Mac. To add the screensavers to your Mac, follow these steps: Download the Aerial project from GitHub. (It should automatically download from that link, but if it doesn’t, try reading this.) Open the .zip file and double-click the file “Aerial.saver” to install it. If your system’s setup doesn’t automatically allow downloads from untrusted developers, open System Preferences, click on “Security & Privacy,” and there should be an option to open the file after you enter your admin password. Return to System Preferences, click on “Desktop & Screen Saver,” then “Screen Saver.” Scroll down to find Aerial and select it. Click Screen Saver Options to customize which scenes Aerial uses. There are different options that you can choose to determine which flyovers you want to use as a screensaver, but by default, it’ll randomly choose one every time the computer is idle. And that’s it, you should now have some stunning flyovers available as screensavers that are far more interesting than the standard Mac options. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Motley Fool Answers Shares Its "Maintain, Don't Gain" Holiday Tradition Over the holidays, meditation and portion control can be just as important as diversification and expense management. Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp, CFP (TMFAlison) Dec 17, 2016 at 2:04PM On this episode of Motley Fool Answers, the cast turns their attention to investor health beyond retirement accounts and stock holdings. Instead, they welcome the Motley Fool's chief wellness officer Sam Whiteside onto the show, as she shares some important tips with listeners on how to make healthier choices amid the many temptations that accompany the holiday season. You can still enjoy your eggnog and holiday meals while building momentum for the new year. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Alison Southwick: This is Motley Fool Answers. I'm Alison Southwick and I'm joined, as always, by Robert Brokamp, personal finance expert here at The Motley Fool. He's also the advisor on Motley Fool's Rule Your Retirement newsletter. Such a great newsletter. Robert Brokamp: Well, thank you very much, Alison. Southwick: It's the holidays -- that special time of year where we don festive sweaters and get stressed-out drunk and a little more chubby. But it doesn't have to be that way. The Motley Fool's chief wellness officer joins us with five ways to maintain and not gain over the holidays. We'll also answer your question about creating a portfolio of ... bonds? Brokamp: A special type of bond fund. That's what we're going to talk about here. I know. I know you're excited. I know. Alison is falling asleep, everyone out there in Podcastland. Southwick: Well, no. I mean, obviously we got a question about it, so it matters to someone. It just doesn't matter to me and I am naturally predisposed to kind of fall asleep whenever the word bond ... It's like The Manchurian Candidate where I hear the word "bond" and it's just like boom. She falls asleep rather than like activates and tries to assassinate someone. Brokamp: Yes. Well, I prefer that you fall asleep, rather than the other one, since I'm the only one in this room with you right now. Southwick: Who knows? Maybe there is a word out there. You've got to be careful what you say. Brokamp: OK. Southwick: All that and more on this week's episode of Motley Fool Answers. __ Southwick: All right, it's time for Answers, Answers and today's question comes from Steve. Are we sure this isn't Steve Broido? Brokamp: It's not Steve Broido. Southwick: Our in-house bond expert? Brokamp: No. Southwick: All right. Steve writes: "I continue to hear about the risk that rising interest rates pose to traditional bond funds, as well as the benefits of laddering individual bonds, but I'm intimidated by picking and maintaining a portfolio of individual bonds. What are your thoughts on laddering target-dated maturity bond funds such as Guggenheim's corporate bonds or iShare's muni bonds?" All right, Bro. Make this interesting to me. Brokamp: OK. Well, I don't know if I can do that, but, Steve, your concerns are valid. Interest rates are at historic lows. Just for an example, a 10-year Treasury, pretty much the main benchmark rate, in July hit historic lows. But when rates go up, the values of existing bonds go down. So actually, rates have gone up since July. So if you look at, for example, the Vanguard Total Bond Index Fund, the biggest bond fund in the world, it's actually down 3% over the last three months. And you think, "Well, bonds are safe. Oh, my goodness. My investment has dropped 3%," so this is a concern for anyone who's looking for an alternative to the stock market. Some people will recommend individual bonds. You buy a bond for, let's say, $1,000. A five-year bond. Rates go up. The value of it in the marketplace will go down, but as long as you hold it to maturity and the company is still in business, you'll get your $1,000 back in five years. Southwick: And that is what we talked about with the Steve Broido episode. Brokamp: Right, exactly. Bond funds, though, fluctuate in value. You don't know what you're going to get. But buying individual bonds can be complicated and you do have to own many to be specially diversified. So a company called Guggenheim, and then followed by iShares, came up with a solution. They have what are called target-date maturity bond funds in that you buy, for example, the 2018 bond fund and it only holds bonds that mature in 2018. At the end of 2018, you just get all your money back, because all the bonds have matured. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: So it's a way to get the benefits of holding individual bonds but instant diversification, so it's actually a pretty good deal. Let's take a look very quickly at the bond fund that's going to mature this year, 2016. It matures at the end of the year. Over the last five years, it has earned an average of almost 3% a year. That's about what the overall bond market has earned, so that's good. And when you compare it to -- I mentioned that Vanguard is the biggest bond fund -- the second biggest bond fund, PIMCO Total Return, that's actually earned a little over 3% a year. The next is NatWest. The total return -- that's earned over 4% a year. So while I like these Guggenheim target-date bond funds, you probably won't get the same returns as you might get with another type of fund, but you also won't get the fluctuation. I mentioned how a lot of bond funds have actually come down over the last three months. This 2016 Guggenheim fund has actually made a little bit of money. Why? Because it's 2016. This is the year these bonds are maturing, so actually half that bond is already in cash, because those bonds have matured. So I think it's a great option if you are looking for something that's going to earn a little bit more than cash. You want a little bit more security about the money. But over the long term, I don't think that they will have quite the same returns as a traditional diversified bond fund that you hold for the long term. Southwick: Can you address the laddering part? I kind of understand laddering. Brokamp: Laddering is you buy different bonds -- and you can do it with CDs, too -- of different maturities. So maybe you put some of your money in a bond that matures one year, then two years, three years, four years, and five years. Every year you have bonds coming due -- so you have some liquidity there -- but you also have some bonds that are longer dated, because the longer the bond is, the higher interest rate you're going to get. Southwick: And every year that they mature, then you buy another year out. Brokamp: Right, exactly. And these target-date ETFs actually can be good for that. In fact, on Guggenheim's website, you even have a tool in there where you put in how long you want your ladder to be, how much you want to put in your ladder, and it will tell you which ETFs to buy and how much to invest in those ETFs. Southwick: So generally speaking, bottom line, not a bad idea, Steve. Brokamp: Not a bad idea. Especially if you're retired and you want to protect money that you need in the five years, it's a great idea. If you're just buying bonds for diversification to your long-term portfolio, a regular bond fund is probably OK. __ Southwick: Bro, how much weight do you think you gain over the holidays? If you had to guess? Brokamp: If I had to guess? Three to five pounds. Southwick: Three to five pounds. You know what? That is actually what most people say -- is that they gain about five pounds over the holidays. Brokamp: What you're saying is I'm just average. Is that what you're saying? Southwick: Well, no. Well, a little. But sometimes it's OK to be average. Studies vary on how much weight people actually gain on average. Some stories will say that it's like seven to 10 pounds, especially if it's a reporter who's writing a story about the epidemic of gaining weight over the holidays. The New York Times says actually the average is closer to one pound; however, if you're already overweight, you're likely to gain closer to five pounds. Brokamp: Mm. Southwick: So, I don't know how that makes you feel. Brokamp: It might be the type of food. There's so much more rich and sweet food you just feel worse because you're eating it. Maybe that's why I feel it more. The eggnog. Oh, my gosh, the eggnog. Southwick: I'm sure you consumed five pounds of food. Brokamp: Oh, I love the eggnog. Southwick: Well, anyway. Today we are joined by the Fool's chief wellness officer, Sam Whiteside, and she brings us her best advice to maintain and not gain over the holidays. Hi, Sam. Sam Whiteside: Hi, Fools. Southwick: Thanks for coming back to the show. Whiteside: Absolutely. It's been too long. Southwick: It has been too long. Brokamp: It has. Southwick: So what I like about your "Maintain, Don't Gain" challenge that you do here at the Fool is the idea that, "Listen. We know you're going to overindulge. Just try to maintain. I'm not asking you to lose weight. Just try not to get fatter." Whiteside: Exactly. It's more about being cognizant in the moment, and making sure that you're aware of the choices that you're making. Southwick: Yeah, those choices. All of the choices. Whiteside: All of the choices. Brokamp: So many choices. Southwick: Because many of those choices are around the holidays, and take place at a party or among friends and family, I think it only makes sense for us to eavesdrop, a little bit, on a get-together and discover what trips people up the most over the holidays. Shall we go eavesdrop on a party? Brokamp: Let's do that. Southwick: Let's! [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Brokamp: I love living in New Hampshire! Southwick: Fill the pool with whiskey! Cannonball! Brokamp: Cannonball! [Door shuts] Southwick: So, yeah. Drinking alcohol. That happens a lot around the holidays. Whiteside: It sure does. Every single party [or get-together] I'm sure we will all attend this holiday season will have some sort of booze. Have you been to a party without booze during the holidays? Brokamp: Not that I'm aware of. Southwick: No. No. Maybe like a kid's birthday... Whiteside: No ... Southwick: ... no, even kids' birthday parties these days have like ... beer. The funny thing about alcohol is not only does alcohol have a lot of calories, but the mixers have a lot of calories and then you end up eating all this horrible food after you drink alcohol. It's just horrible. Brokamp: Did I mention eggnog yet?  Whiteside: Well, it's a funny thing. Let's take a guess. How many calories do you think an average pour of eggnog has? Southwick: Bro looks so sad right now. Brokamp: [Sobs] Don't confront me with reality! Whiteside: I'm going to tell you. It's 340 calories. Southwick: Wow! Whiteside: And 19 grams of fat. Brokamp: But eggs are good for you! Whiteside: Twelve grams of sugar ... Southwick: Wow. Whiteside: ... in a typical eggnog concoction ... Brokamp: Mm. Whiteside: ... so that brings me to my first point. The holidays -- don't use that as an excuse to overconsume and overindulge, specifically on alcohol. There are calories in those alcoholic beverages and just because it's liquid, it does not mean it doesn't count. It definitely goes into your total caloric intake. And so I usually recommend trying some alcohol-free days, specifically during the week when you know that you have a party to go to that Friday or Saturday. Number two. Every other alcoholic beverage -- maybe swap it out for a glass of water. Have that glass of water in your hand when you're walking around the party. That way someone won't come up to you and be like, "Hey, you don't have a drink in your hand." Southwick: Oh, yeah. Fools do that. Whiteside: How many times does that happen? That does happen a lot here. Your hands are empty! Brokamp: Every day, all day long. Southwick: No, not at work. Well, sometimes at work, but not often. Whiteside: So that will reduce someone coming up to you and saying, "Your hands are empty. You don't have anything in your hand." You do, and every other drink is a glass of water. Southwick: Great. Shall we head back to the party? Brokamp: Let's go. [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Southwick: I'm going to eat all the carbs. Brokamp: And the dairy. Cheese everyone. Cheese! [Door closes] Southwick: So sometimes going to parties, there's a lot of food. No, always there's food. We're Americans. Of course, at every party there is food and it's not always the healthiest. Whiteside: Yeah. And funny that you mentioned cheese. Most of the vegetables that you will likely see at holiday parties will be covered in cheese or... Southwick: Ooh, fondue! Whiteside: Right, fondue! Southwick: Cannonball! Whiteside: ... are going to be covered in things you might not typically cover vegetables with. Brokamp: Eggnog, for example? Whiteside: Eggnog, yes. Dipped in asparagus. Southwick: Ooh! Whiteside: That sounds amazing. And so I usually instruct Fools or clients to not only make sure you prepare for these parties, [but to] bring a healthy dish; specifically if it's a potluck get-together. Be the change in the world by bringing a healthy dish to an unhealthy party. Brokamp: You'll be so popular, too. Southwick: Well! Whiteside: And don't just bring a crudités plate or a vegetable tray that you picked up at your local grocery store. Make it fun. I usually do a sweet potato dish that's diced sweet potatoes, red potatoes, and purple potatoes drizzled with olive oil and a little bit of pesto. Stick it in the oven. Pull it right out five minutes before and top it with goat cheese. Not exactly the healthiest option you could ever eat in your entire life, but it's definitely one of the healthier options you might be able to bring to a holiday party. Southwick: You know what blew my mind when I had it? And we had it here at the Fool and we had a nutritionist come. And it was cauliflower to be made like mashed potatoes. Brokamp: I have heard of this, but I never tried it. Southwick: [Whispers] It was amazing. Brokamp: Really? Southwick: It was just cauliflower, salt, and like olive oil. Whiteside: It's hard, sometimes, to tell the difference between a really good cauliflower mash and regular mashed potatoes. Brokamp: Wow! Whiteside: So a good resource that I use a lot is a website called SparkPeople.com. On that website you can easily find all kinds of fitness and nutrition tips and you can also search for recipes that are low in sugar, or heart-healthy recipes, or that might be more diabetic friendly. Or with a specific vegetable. That website I definitely recommend for anyone looking for a healthy option. Southwick: I would also recommend making the recipe at least once before you take it to the party. Whiteside: That, too ... Southwick: Because I have made that mistake so many times where I just show up with this casserole dish and I'm like, "I'm sorry." I hand it over and then I walk away. Whiteside: It looks bad, but it might taste good. Brokamp: So let's say someone doesn't want to gain over the holidays, they go to a party, and they overindulge. Is it reasonable to compensate the next day by basically fasting or just eating vegetables? Can you counteract what you do by going the extreme other way on the next day or for the following week? Whiteside: That's a great question. I'm never really a great proponent of fasting. Your body is a machine. You need to feed it for it to perform, and so I definitely do not recommend fasting. Increasing your vegetable count during the holidays is always a good idea. And it's funny that you mentioned that. The Washington Post actually came out with a piece today that says "11 strategies for getting through the holidays without weight gain," and one of those strategies was to increase your vegetables during this time. So I would recommend that. I would definitely not recommend fasting. Southwick: You also recommended in the past eating before you go to a party. Whiteside: Absolutely. Southwick: So there you go. Get your vegetables in then, Bro ... Brokamp: OK. Southwick: ... so you can pound all the eggnog you want. Brokamp: And my asparagus-nog. Southwick: All right, are we ready to head back to the party? Brokamp: Let's go! [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Southwick: I am way too busy researching Westworld fan theories online and there is no time left to exercise. [Door closes] Southwick: It's always funny to me how people are like I don't have time. I don't have time. I don't have time. But, like me, I do have time to research fan theories on Westworld online, and I do have time to do a lot of stuff. So I make these excuses to not exercise and do a lot of things when the truth is I do have time. I just choose not to use that time for things that are good for me. Whiteside: That's a great point. Especially during the holidays we're going to be surrounded with not only numerous indulgences and tempting offers, but we have family coming in and out of town. We're travelling. These are all things that can definitely weigh heavily on the fact that we only have 24 hours in a day. If you have 10 minutes, you have time to exercise. There should really be no excuse to make sure that you're taking care of yourself, especially during a stressful time. There are numerous apps out there that can provide you with free, really easy body weight workouts. If you're traveling and you know you're going to be staying in a hotel, make sure that hotel has a gym before you make the reservation. A lot of hotels out there, now, are even renting or giving [away new workout clothes]. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: Really! Whiteside: Yes, you can actually rent ... Brokamp: Everything cleaned? Whiteside: I would hope so. Brokamp: OK. Whiteside: You can rent workout clothes or a pair of shoes. So that is another way to make sure that you're reducing those barriers. Southwick: Right, so no excuses if there's clothes, there. Whiteside: Yes, reduce the excuses and the barriers. Again, if you have 10 minutes, you have time to exercise. Even if you spend that 10 minutes taking a walk, it is much better than going ahead and taking a seat on that couch. Southwick: You talked about the importance of having a friend or a family member to hold you accountable. Whiteside: Absolutely. Specifically, you want somebody who can help hold you accountable that hopefully lives within a close-enough distance to where you guys actually interact. Not necessarily on a daily basis, but possibly on a weekly and definitely on a monthly basis. Making sure that you have those interactions. For me, I have a couple of cousins in the area, and we schedule morning walks during the time that we know it's stressful. We're both off of work, there's stuff going on, but we're making sure that we're holding each other accountable. Southwick: Or a co-worker, perhaps. Whiteside: Or a co-worker. Brokamp: Hm? Southwick: I could do a better job holding you accountable, huh? Brokamp: You could. What would you say is like a healthy amount of weight loss over a given period of like a month? Or maybe even a week? Southwick: You're not even looking to maintain. You're looking to lose? Is that what you're saying? Brokamp: Because I've been working with Sam and I've had trouble sticking with things, so I'm like, "Here we are talking about this. Talking about accountability ..." Whiteside: Yes. Brokamp: I'm going to put some money on the line. Southwick: Oh! Brokamp: Like what's a healthy amount? Whiteside: Are we putting money on the line right here? Southwick: Right now. Brokamp: I'm just talking about it. I'm thinking about it. So you tell me. Southwick: He backed out of that pretty quickly, didn't he? Brokamp: What's a healthy amount of weight for someone to expect to lose in a week that isn't crazy? Whiteside: I am a big believer of the two-to-three pound rule. Of course, it's going to depend on how much you weigh, male or female, your current level of activity, how many calories you're currently consuming, and how many calories you plan to possibly cut. But two to three pounds of weight loss per week is a safe number depending on those things that I just mentioned. Brokamp: So someone losing 10 pounds between now and the end of the holidays would be quite an accomplishment? Whiteside: Are you promising that you're going to lose 10 pounds... Southwick: Wow! Whiteside: ... in my "Maintain, Don't Gain?" Brokamp: I think so. Whiteside: I'll take that challenge. Brokamp: All right. I'm putting $200 on the line. Southwick: Two hundred? Whiteside: Two hundred? Brokamp: Two hundred dollars on the line. So by December 31st. Is that the end of the holidays or are we saying January 2nd? Southwick: No, after New Year's. Whiteside: Yeah. I'm giving all Fools until the end of the first week in January to weigh out. Brokamp: All right. Southwick: All right. Brokamp: So $100 ... Well, $200 ... Southwick: You said $200! Brokamp: I was going to say $100 for each of you and then I looked at Rick. I'm like, all right. You guys are going to have to figure out how to split up the $200. Southwick: Rick and I can split up the $200. Brokamp: All right, so we've got to do a weigh-in after this. OK. All right. Whiteside: Bring it on. Southwick: This is fun. I know for me personally, I never lose weight. It's just when I exercise more, I think I must gain muscle, and then my clothes fit better, but I never, ever lose weight. Whiteside: And that's something else to be cognizant of. Don't just rely on the number on the scale. That is not an indicator of your total health. That definitely does not correlate with how hard you've been working. We see it all the time in the show The Biggest Loser. Those individuals are working their tails off for that entire seven days. They go to weigh in and sometimes they gained weight. Your body will fluctuate, and your body will sometimes see things as a stressor. So that's also really important why you need to maintain your stress during the holidays, as well. Southwick: Oh, hey. That's a great segue into our next trip to the holiday party. [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Brokamp: Everyone in my family has opinions on how to cook the turkey and fix our economy. I'm so stressed. [Door closes] Southwick: Yeah, so stressed. I'm actually pretty lucky that my holidays are usually pretty stress-free, but for other people like old Bro, over here ... Brokamp: I think this holiday season will be very interesting, given the recent election, for people who come from mixed political families like I do. So it will be interesting. Whiteside: It will be interesting. So a great way, and an easy way, and a way that will not take very much of your time to make sure that you're handling, managing, decreasing your stress is the "M" word, meditation. The "M" word ... Brokamp: The "M" word ... Whiteside: Some people are so scared of meditation. You'll be so surprised. Or they think, "Oh, gosh. That's not for me. I can't do that." Or, "That's too left field." The idea of meditation is simply to find a quiet space and to try and put more time in between the thoughts that come through your mind. It's not about doing yoga, or standing on your head, or having a certain pose, or being completely quiet and having no thoughts come in. It's basically trying to put more space in between the thoughts that come through your brain. Because we're humans, our brains are consistently trying to create stories around things that come through, and it's basically just trying to decrease that. [To] give yourself more quiet space in your brain. There's some really great apps out there. Some free ones. Calm, Headspace, Omvana, Take a Break, and Smiling Mind are some of the top free apps out there. Some cheap ones are Buddhify and Simply Being. And with each of these apps you can go anywhere from five minutes to 45 or 60 minutes of meditation. You can play with the music. Different themes. There can be guided imagery. An easy way to make sure that you're taking care of yourself and decreasing that stress. Southwick: So what does that mean, though? I think when people think of meditation, they think of someone sitting in the lotus position. Is that what it's called? And just being like, "Ohhmmm." Whiteside: Right. Southwick: While incense is wafting through, and chimes, and stuff like that. Brokamp: Boomm ... Southwick: So what are you going to get from one of these apps? What is this app going to ask me to do? Because if there's some funky mind control in there by some tech company... And yes, maybe I got these conspiracy theories from watching Westworld, but ... Brokamp: Pull out your credit card ... Southwick: What's going to happen when I use one of these apps? Whiteside: That's the great thing about all the apps that I mentioned. There's a lot of different variability that you can play with. You can play with different music or the different sounds. Or having someone speak to you. Or, "No, I don't want to listen to anyone talk right now. I just want to listen to some waves crashing on the beach." And so you definitely have all of those choices with all of those apps that I just mentioned. Brokamp: In a previous episode I mentioned the Beck Diet Solution, which is based on cognitive therapy ... basically how you think affects how you act, and one of the premises of the book is we have all these permission-giving thoughts about eating when we know we shouldn't, and I think stress is a big part of that. I'm very stressed. I know I shouldn't eat this, but I'm so stressed I'm going to go ahead ... Whiteside: Exactly. Brokamp: ... and eat this, or I need that drink because I'm so stressed. Whiteside: Right. We place a link between those things, and there should be no link. Don't give yourself an excuse to have two brownies just because you're stressed out. If you're stressed out, find a different coping mechanism. Find a positive one that's going to impact you in a positive way. Southwick: I'm currently in the process of trying to link running and destressing. Brokamp: It will work, too. Southwick: It does work. I just have to keep reminding myself that I will feel better, and I will feel less stressed if I go run for a little bit. Whiteside: Right. Southwick: But it's like reprogramming myself. Whiteside: Right. And as a Western culture, we associate food with happiness and food with decreasing stress. Or food as a gift. Those are things in our culture I see we can probably work on. It definitely plays a huge role in a family unit. Every time that you get together with your girlfriends, or you have a big family outing, we all eat, or drink, or eat and drink a lot. That's something that provides a lot of joy, but you can find joy in other ways. Southwick: Make it a sometimes. Sometimes food. Well, we are done with the cocktail party, but I do want to hear Sam's bottom-line, best piece of advice for everyone over the holidays, and it is... Whiteside: Shoo! That's a hard one, but if I had to choose one thing, it would definitely be to volunteer. Give back. Specifically during the holiday season, we not only are stressed out, but we're making possibly poor decisions. We're being pulled at all different angles and what I call "keeping your tank full"... Our tanks start to decrease. We start to feel frazzled. So for me, an easy way to keep my tank full or to refill that tank is to give back in some capacity. An easy way to do that for me is to go onto a couple of different websites. One is HandsOn Network. It's definitely an easy way to find local volunteer opportunities wherever you are. If you going to PointsofLight.org/HandsOnNetwork, you will be able to find local volunteer opportunities pretty much in whatever zip code you live in. I have been using that network, probably, for about six or seven years. On Thursday morning on Thanksgiving Day, I will be volunteering at New Hope Housing's Thanksgiving lunch, so I will be making dinner rolls the night before and a potato dish of some kind, and a healthy... Brokamp: A healthy one, of course. Southwick: I've heard of one that has sweet potatoes and regular potatoes. Whiteside: Yeah, where'd you get that from? Brokamp: And asparagus-nog. Southwick: Someone is making asparagus-nog. That's like the meanest thing you could make for someone. Whiteside: That is horrible. That sounds gross. And so I will be serving that food to some of our chronically homeless here in Alexandria. So, yeah. Brokamp: Good for you. Southwick: Yeah! Brokamp: That's great. Southwick: I love that idea, because if you're volunteering, you're not eating, you're not overindulging, and you're also not spending money which we also like to do. Whiteside: Save that money. Brokamp: Could you imagine serving food to the homeless and then overindulging? Taking all their food? That would be horrible. Absolutely horrible. Whiteside: That is not giving back well. That is not going to help you lose those 10 pounds. Brokamp: I'm here for the free food. Southwick: If you did donate asparagus-nog, you would get it all to yourself, so you could overindulge in that case. Thank you so much for joining us, and coming in today, and sharing your great advice. This has been really wonderful. Whiteside: It's been wonderful to be here, and I hope it isn't another six or 12 months before I see you again. Brokamp: It won't be. Whiteside: I mean I see you around the office, but... Southwick: No, it won't be. Brokamp: It might be just the beginning of next year when I'm not giving you $200. Whiteside: Boom! I want that money though. Brokamp: There you go. Whiteside: I kind of want that money, though. Southwick: I'm going to spend it all on wine, and cheese, and crackers. Whiteside: And carbohydrates. Southwick: And all the carbohydrates. __ Southwick: Well, that's the show. I want to thank Harris and Shoots who sent postcards from Dubai and Helen of Montana, respectively. Brokamp: Very nice. Southwick: I love it! They still come in! Amy at the front desk will come up, and she'll drop them off at my desk, and then she'll cover her ears, because I'll squeal. And then my husband -- he sits like 15 feet from me. People will be like, "What happened?" And Ron will say, "Ugh, Alison just got some more postcards from listeners." Oh, I love him so much. All right. Our email is Answers@Fool.com. We have a Mailbag episode coming up, so we are also up to our eyeballs in mail. We're sorry about that, but we're going to start digging. But you can still email us. Answers@Fool.com. We love to hear from you. Also, if you have time, head to our podcast center. It's at Fool.com/Podcast. And if you enjoyed last week's episode with Kim Palmer about how to be an entrepreneur, you might enjoy Rule Breaker Investing. [David Gardner's podcast] is having Entrepreneur Month with lots of interviews with fun and interesting entrepreneurs and experts. Rick, who were some of the people interviewed? Guy Kawasaki? Rick Engdahl: Danny Meyer. Southwick: Who's Danny Meyer? Engdahl: Of restaurant fame. Shake Shack and Union Square Cafe in New York. Southwick: Oh, yeah. I believe he also interviewed the so-called king of Kickstarter, and he's a board game creator. I believe it's Jamey Stegmaier. So lots of interesting people. Oh, and he also interviewed Tom Gardner, co-founder and CEO of The Motley Fool, a little company you may have head of. So there you go. You can head to Podcast.Fool.com and you can also learn about some of the services we provide like Motley Fool Rule Your Retirement ... Brokamp: Rule Your Retirement ... Southwick: ... newsletter. It's the jam. The show is edited volunteeringly by Rick Engdahl. For Robert Brokamp, I'm Alison Southwick. Stay foolish, everybody. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. Richard Engdahl has no position in any stocks mentioned. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool is short Shake Shack. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp, CFP (TMFAlison) None Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 2:04PM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Motley Fool Answers Shares Its "Maintain, Don't Gain" Holiday Tradition #stocks
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About January 6, 2017 Apple II Web Server Written In BASIC 17 Comments by: Lewin Day December 17, 2016 The Apple II was the machine that many say launched Apple as a company. As with many popular computers of the 1980s, the Apple II maintains a steady following to this day who continue to develop new hardware and software to keep the platform alive. [deater] had scored an Uthernet II Ethernet interface for his Apple IIe, based off the venerable W5100 chipset. He decided to have some fun and wrote a webserver for the Apple II in BASIC. The program sets up the Ethernet card with a series of PEEKs and POKEs, and then listens out for incoming packets before responding with the requisite data loaded from floppy disk. The server can deal with HTML, text, and even JPEG and PNG images. It’s even compliant with RFC 2324. It does suffer from some limitations however — the disk format used can only hold 140 kB, it can only serve an 8kB file at a time, and due to using a lot of string manipulation in the code, is painstakingly slow. Before you get too excited, the machine is running on a local network only, so you can’t check it out from here. However, [deater] has kindly released the source code if you wish to run it for yourself. If you’re thirsty for more 8-bit action, check out this Apple II playing animated GIFs. Posted in computer hacks, Network HacksTagged 8 bit, apple, Apple 2, apple II, web server Post navigation ← Cheap Electric Car Drives Again with Charger Repair PIC Mesh, Accessible Distributed Networking → 17 thoughts on “Apple II Web Server Written In BASIC” xorpunk says: December 17, 2016 at 11:24 am I’d be more impressed if they used one of the actual modems(Apple Cat II etc..) from that era. I also used peek and poke for modem stuff with a 286. It was mostly around a FOSSIL system though. Report comment Reply deater says: December 17, 2016 at 11:53 am Use a modem as in just connecting to some other machine (a rasp-pi for example) and kicking out webpages over a serial port? That’s a lot simpler than programming an ethernet card. Using a modem and implementing PPP or SLIP would be more impressive, but I’m not sure if I’d want to tackle that in BASIC. Report comment Reply Erik Johnson says: December 17, 2016 at 11:57 am Option one is the most common fake “on the internet” lie propagated on these retro-machine-online fluff articles. Being a serial terminal is not impressive. Agreed on #2, At least this one is using native hardware and code… Report comment Reply Erik Johnson says: December 17, 2016 at 12:01 pm Er I guess the uthernet is modern and a bit of a cheat, but this is still cool in that the httpd is all apple basic Report comment Reply deater78 says: December 17, 2016 at 2:56 pm The anachronisms here are tricky. By the time the WWW was invented the Apple II line had more or less reached end-of-life. I think the traditional way of doing this in a “what they could have done at the time” way would be getting a contemporary 8-bit ISA Ethernet card for the PC and then remapping the pins so it could interface with the Apple II expansion slot. You’d also then have to do the entire TCP/IP stack in software, which people have done on the Apple II, but in assembly language not in BASIC. The wiznet 5100 chip used on the Uthernet II is 10 years old as is though, so that’s even getting retro depending on how young the crowd you hang out with is. Report comment Erik Johnson says: December 17, 2016 at 3:23 pm 10 years old these days is basically contemporary, we’ve pretty much stagnated in tech ability offerings. Only gotten cheaper and smaller Report comment deater78 says: December 17, 2016 at 4:13 pm > 10 years old these days is basically contemporary Try telling that to a room full of 18 year olds. Report comment Comedicles says: December 18, 2016 at 10:51 pm Near the end of the line, a Platinum IIe like in the photo, or a IIgs, owned by a typical enthusiast would have a 4 or 8 MHz (some were 10) accelerator, RAMDisk and 1M extended RAM, and hard disk that was seen as a collection of Profile drives by ProDOS. Basically the speed of an Arduino Uno if it had 64K of RAM, and rather zippy with the software of the day. For the last 10 or 15 years, Rich Dreher has been selling a card that takes an external drive or an SD card or CF card and appears as a collection of Profile partitions IIRC (with some firmware help by Dave Lyons, who was in the Apple II DTS group at Apple). Instant booting on an Apple II. An Apple IIe filled out to match a typical nit of the time, would serve the pages up over 10 times faster and anything bound by disk access, 100 times faster or more I would think. This device uses DMA. http://dreher.net/?s=projects/CFforAppleII&c=projects/CFforAppleII/main.php Report comment Gordon Aplin says: December 20, 2016 at 1:30 pm “The anachronisms here are tricky. By the time the WWW was invented the Apple II line had more or less reached end-of-life.” is a pretty accurate statement. In 1993-1995 I still used my Apple //gs to connect by modem to Atlantis multi-line BBS in Charlotte from my apartment near UNCC. On campus, I used Sun workstations running NCSA Mosaic web browser to view web pages. I set up a web server on SunOS.. I remember people at UNCC musing “wouldn’t it be nice if there were a version of Mosaic that would run on a PC”. and people on the BBS learning how to hop to other BBS’s running similar software across the country once the sysop added a modem dedicated to connect to a network of BBS’s. I was using Unix at school and GSOS or really just a terminal program on PRODOS at home. When I moved to California January 1996 I still had my GS until I finally broke down in late 1996 and went to one of the dark sides and bought a PowerPC Mac. I ran Netscape with a modem over an Apple approved dial up service. In 1998 I was one of the first customers to get DSL in Palo Alto. I remember the google beta screen. At work I of coarse used HP Unix. I had co-workers who were among the first to have cable modem and noted they could view files on the computers of any neighbor nearby who didn’t have a firewall which was all of them. In 2000 I moved to Boise and had to go back to dial up being too far from downtown to get DSL. I got AOL (gag) and met my wife in an AOL chat room in 2000. She was 18 and gave me her address to pick her up for a date. Tell that to a 2016 18 year old who has been hearing about the evils of chat rooms their entire live and they will fall off their chair. :-0 Report comment ellisgl says: December 17, 2016 at 2:01 pm You might be able to conver uIP to basic for SLIP stuff. https://web-beta.archive.org/web/20050212095825/http://www.sics.se:80/~adam/uip/ https://github.com/adamdunkels/uip Report comment Reply xorpunk says: December 18, 2016 at 11:30 am PPP and SLIP actually aren’t hard you just need to learn interrupt models(unless you have drivers) and work with Bell 202, Hayes etc.. You can abstract things and make it a lot easier. Report comment Reply Glenn Jones (@a2retro) says: December 30, 2016 at 7:38 pm deater, I think it’s a pretty cool achievement as it demonstrates the card is approachable for non assembly language programmers (not sure how many of those there are left though ;) Thanks for sharing! Report comment Reply starhawk says: December 17, 2016 at 12:30 pm This sounds like something pretty hard to achieve in BASIC. I know I couldn’t do it, and BASIC’s about all I know… …mine’s a little more up to date though, I think… Microsoft QuickBASIC PDS 7.1… my excuse is that I learned it on a 386 when I was a lot younger. Never really finished, tho. Report comment Reply D Finn says: December 17, 2016 at 3:08 pm The cool part about this setup is that all the heavy lifting— the TCP/IP stack— is on the Uthernet II card. So the Applesoft BASIC interface is fairly simple. It’s just opening the equivalent to a Berkeley socket and then reading or sending its payload. Check out the A2RetroSystems web site to learn more about the Uthernet II card. This thing is still not being used to its full potential… yet! Report comment Reply brucedesertrat says: December 17, 2016 at 6:50 pm “The Apple II was the machine that many say launched Apple as a company. “ Yes if ‘many’ == ‘everyone who’s ever talked about it’. The Apple I got them some attention, but it was a crude kit. The Apple II was a bona-fide commercially produced computer you could buy in a store. If you want to know what ‘launched apple as a company’ you have to look past hardware. It was VisiCalc. VisiCalc was the thing that essentially launched the entire personal computer industry. I know a number of people who bought Apple II’s as ‘VisiCalc’ machines, they never ran anything else, to the point that the top row and first column were permanently etched into the monitor screens. Report comment Reply Lewin Day says: December 17, 2016 at 10:36 pm Yeah, I defs get what you’re saying here. It’s all about the “killer app”. Report comment Reply Markus Stehr says: December 29, 2016 at 1:40 am *shrug* Been there, had a SX64, done that, ran Contiki on it and used a RR-Net network adapter, serving files to the pulic at a blistering 300 bytes per second because the floppy ran at its default speed. And yes, here the little 6510 had to do everything on its own. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it Explosions that Save Lives 26 Comments Hands On With The First Open Source Microcontroller 121 Comments Toshiro Kodera: Electromagnetic Gyrotropes 11 Comments Maintenance, Emissions, and Privacy: The OBD Story 102 Comments Make Logic Gates out of (Almost) Anything 58 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Creating A PCB In Everything: Creating A Custom Part In Fritzing 14 Comments Visualization of a Phased Array Antenna System 33 Comments Derek Schulte: Path Planning for 3D Printers 52 Comments Ditch OpenSCAD for C++ 51 Comments Listen to the Globe 19 Comments More from this category Recent comments stefan_z on CES17: Arduino Unveils LoRa Modules For The Internet Of Things ron ginger on Supercharged, Fuel Injected V10 Engine, at 1/3 Scale entropy512 on CES17: Arduino Unveils LoRa Modules For The Internet Of Things entropy512 on CES17: Arduino Unveils LoRa Modules For The Internet Of Things Nate on Explosions that Save Lives RW ver 0.0.2 on Alexa Robot Coffee Maker Brews Coffee, Speaks For Itself Marc Jr Landolt on Get Your Internet Out of My Things Tucson Tom on Keep an Old Real Time Clock Module Ticking RW ver 0.0.2 on Keep an Old Real Time Clock Module Ticking Mike S on Keep an Old Real Time Clock Module Ticking Now on Hackaday.io Maksim Surguy liked The Moteino Framework. oshpark liked 2D Heat Conduction Solver. TarasUk liked $20 Wireless Arduino Home Automation w/ OpenHAB. oshpark liked reDOT_smart. oshpark liked Climate & Environment Monitoring Station. Jari Tulilahti has updated the project titled 394 byte 8-color VGA demo with ATtiny5. oshpark wrote a comment on EL Wire Clock. oshpark has added EL Wire Clock to Projects using OSHpark boards. brian brocken wrote a reply on 1 KB 6 legged crawling bot. ActualDragon wrote a comment on 1 KB 6 legged crawling bot. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2017 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Apple loses wireless patent violation and employee rest break lawsuits By Mark Wilson Published 3 weeks ago 18 Comments Tweet A jury in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California has ruled against Apple in a lawsuit about wireless patent infringement. Core Wireless was awarded $7.3 million in damages after Apple was found to have violated two patents owned by the company. Apple was found to have infringed upon Core Wireless' patents in iPhones and iPads, taking advantage of technology that "provide innovations that improve battery life and signal quality in mobile phones". The company is expected to appeal against the ruling, but this is not the only case it has lost. Core Wireless is a subsidiary of Conversant Intellectual Property Management, and Conversant CEO Inc, and John Lindgren said: "We are very pleased with the verdict. We appreciate the efforts of the court and the jury. This confirms the strength of the Core Wireless portfolio, especially following our success against LG earlier this year in two cases in the Eastern District of Texas". In addition to the $7.3 million damages, Core is also seeking interest on the award dating back to 2011. Earlier this week, Apple lost another case too. A San Diego Superior Court jury ruled against the company in a California Labor Code violation case. Apple was accused of failing to provide legally required meal and rest breaks for a period of four years. Apple was ordered to pay $2 million, and is again expected to appeal. Image credit: Anna Hoychuk / Shutterstock 18 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Laptops The best laptops of 2016 By Brooke Crothers Published December 16, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Apple.) The laptop landscape changed at the end of 2016 with the introduction of the new MacBook Pros. With that in mind, here are laptops worth a look this year.  Best new laptop: 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro. The new MacBook Pros have arrived with the plenty of fanfare. Not only because they’ve been a very long time in coming but because the new lower-end MacBook Pro is offered as a replacement for the widely-used (but aging) 13-inch MacBook Air. So, it’s a big reset of Apple’s popular laptop lineup – and the market in general. The revamped MacBook Pros boasts a thinner chassis, the best Retina display yet (with support for more colors), updated processors, and Apple's new “Butterfly” keyboard, all while maintaining the same weight of the 13-inch MacBook Air, at about 3 pounds. The pricier MacBook Pro model adds a faster processor and the Touch Bar -- which, in effect, moves a touch display onto part of the keyboard. It has lots of potential but is a work in progress as we wait for major players like Adobe and Microsoft to offer support. For now, Apple offers helpful Touch Bar shortcuts for apps like Safari and Photos and the first Touch ID for a Mac, allowing you to unlock the MacBook Pro with a quick fingerprint scan. The 15-inch Pro (also sporting a Touch Bar) adds quad-core processing power, discrete AMD graphics chips (for things like video editing), and a surprisingly totable weight of only 4 pounds. THE 5 BEST SMARTPHONES OF 2016 The MacBook is an institution with lots of loyal followers. So the redesign will be a welcome change for most, despite the usual bugs and glitches that come initially with any product redesign. Price will be off-putting for some but, let’s face it, new MacBook redesigns have never been cheap. The entry 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,499, the 13-inch Touch Bar version at $1,799, and the 15-inch MacBook Pro at $2,399. Best Deal: HP Chromebook 13 G1. Chromebooks have historically been ignored by most consumers. But that may be changing. They’re cheap, fast, stable, and avoid the constant, annoying update intrusions that plague Windows and Macs. Think of the Chromebook as a laptop running Android. OK, so Chrome OS doesn’t support all of the apps that Android does but core apps are there, including Google Docs, Google Play Music, photo editors, social apps, and basically anything you can access online like Skype or Microsoft Office. The HP Chromebook 13 G1 is a surprisingly high-quality, all-metal design with a very-high-resolution display. But it starts at only $499. And note that Chromebooks from Dell, HP, Toshiba, Acer, Lenovo, and Asus are often below $300. The Toshiba Chromebook 2 is a great deal starting at $269, and Dell offers a good high-end Chromebook for $429. 5 BEST TABLETS OF 2016 Best all-around consumer laptop: HP Spectre series. HP is making a slow but steady incursion into Apple’s hallowed turf. HP’s premium consumer laptops now offer excellent build quality and drool-worthy aesthetics. The Spectre (minus  the x360 suffix of the other model) is impossibly sleek at only 0.4 inches. A combination of aluminum and carbon fiber yield a feather weight of 2.45 pounds. And it offers both a good display and fast processors (laptops as thin and light as the Spectre usually come with slower Intel Core M chips). A standard configuration comes with a beefy 7th-generation Intel Core i7 processor, 256GB of solid-state storage, a 13.3-inch 1,920-by-1080 (non-touch) display, USB-C ports, and 8GB of RAM. Battery life isn’t fantastic but most users can probably expect 6-7 hours. Pricing for the Spectre starts at a reasonable $1,149.99. The 13.3-inch Spectre x360, based on the same ultra-thin design motif as the Spectre, offers a touch display that can be rotated 360 degrees, an extra-large trackpad, and lower price. Battery life is good, providing all-day use on one charge (based on an average workload). The Spectre x360 with a 7th generation Intel Core i5 chip, 8 GB memory, 256 GB of solid-state storage, and a 13.3-inch 1,920-by-1,080 touch display is $1,049.99. 5 BEST FITNESS TRACKERS AND SMARTWATCHES OF 2016 Best business laptop: Dell XPS 13 (late 2016). The XPS 13 may be the best balance of size, weight, performance, and battery life. To keep the weight down (about 2.7 pounds), Dell uses generous amounts of carbon fiber in addition to aluminum. And an almost-bezel-less display allows Dell to squeeze a 13.3-inch chassis into dimensions that are closer to a 12-inch laptop. Performance is excellent for an ultra-thin design with configurations that come with the latest 7th-generation Core i7 processors. Battery life is good. While the high-resolution display version (3,200-by-1,800 pixels) delivers between six and eight hours on average, the lower resolution display configuration can last well over 10 hours. Pricing starts at $799.99. Best luxury laptop: Microsoft Surface Book. Microsoft is the duke of detachables, which can separate the keyboard from the display/tablet component. The Surface Book isn’t cheap, but Microsoft has come closer than anyone to the holy grail of a tablet that can convert to a full-fledged laptop via its ingenious “Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge.” Salient specs include a 3,000-by-2,000 resolution display, 6th Generation Intel Core processors, and a detachable base with a great keyboard. The most powerful Surface Books are very pricey, well above $2,000. But there are deals at retailers like Best Buy where you can grab one often for $1,299.99.   Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Apple removes The New York Times' apps from the App Store in China 2 No turning back the dial: Norway starts killing FM radio 3 Chess-playing robot at CES learns from experience 4 Make Way for the Selfie Drones 5 TV news report prompts viewers' Amazon Echo devices to order unwanted dollhouses See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 More Insights From Apple Inc.'s Job Boards The tech titan is showing continued investments in a tried-and-true display technology and potential further vertical integration as it bulks up its image sensor expertise. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 17, 2016 at 2:28PM I regularly scan Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) job boards to try to get a sense of the technologies and products that the iDevice maker is working on. Apple, like most major companies, doesn't divulge too many specifics on the projects that it's developing in these listings. Nevertheless, it's not hard to get some sense of what broad themes and ideas the company is investing in by carefully observing these listings. Image source: Apple.  In this article, I'd like to go over two items that caught my eye during my most recent perusal of Apple's latest job listings. Continued investment in liquid crystal display technology Apple is widely expected to deploy displays based on organic light emitting diodes, or OLEDs, in at least one of its next generation iPhone models. Apple is still expected to utilize more traditional liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, in its mainstream iPhone models next year, though.  Although it might have seemed as though Apple's plan is to move as quickly away from LCDs to OLEDs in future products, potentially ditching LCDs altogether fairly soon, a job listing for an Optical Display Engineer on Apple's site seems to suggest otherwise.  Apple wants somebody who "will serve as a focal point in designing, developing, characterization and optimization of the LCD optical performances for the portable displays." This individual will also "investigate up-to-date LCD technologies and generate new approaches to further enhance Apple portable display optical performances." It's quite clear from this listing that Apple's product portfolio will continue to utilize LCDs in some fashion for a long time to come, even if the company utilizes OLEDs in some of its products. This is sensible as LCDs can be much more cost effective than OLEDs. So, for lower-priced devices in Apple's product stack, sticking with LCDs (and, of course, continuing to improve them) may be the right business move for years to come. Designing its own image sensors? There is a lot of secrecy around Apple's camera technologies. A recent tear-down by Chipworks reveals that Sony (NYSE:SNE) builds the front-facing and rear-facing image sensors used in Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. It's not clear, though, whether these sensors are the product of a joint design effort between Sony and Apple (with Sony serving as the manufacturer), or if it's a custom design by Sony aimed at meeting Apple's specifications. At any rate, Apple has a listing on its job board for an Image Sensor Analog Design Engineer. This individual, per the listing, will work as part of Apple's Camera Hardware Engineering group, which "is responsible for all research, design, development, test and qualification of camera hardware for Apple products." Once hired, the engineer will "be at the center of [an] image sensor design effort" and the job entails "scoping and documenting sensor architectures, engaging in design execution and driving sensor validation." If Apple hasn't already been designing its own image sensors, it certainly appears to be in the process of doing so now. Considering how important the quality of the camera experience is in today's smartphones, it's not a surprise that Apple wants to invest in building differentiated camera technologies for its devices.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 2:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Sony NYSE:SNE $28.96 up $0.24 (0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 2 More Insights From Apple Inc.'s Job Boards #stocks $AAPL, $SNE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Pandora Fell From 1 of the First Players in Music Streaming to 1 of the Last Pandora has had about a decade to prove itself in the music streaming industry, and yet with each passing month, it seems to lag farther behind. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 17, 2016 at 2:26PM Liberty Media (NASDAQ:LMCK) (NASDAQ:LMCA) has recently approached Pandora (NYSE:P) with an acquisition deal -- and considering Pandora's history, the latter would probably be wise to take it. In this clip from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analysts Dylan Lewis and David Kretzmann take a look at Pandora's less-than-spectacular 10-year run in the streaming business, how its competition became so incredibly difficult to face off against, and why it's going to be so hard for Pandora to recover its edge. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 9, 2016. David Kretzmann: Pandora is in an interesting position, looking over the past 10 years or so of financials that are available for Pandora. This is a company that has never been profitable, it has never produced positive free cash flow. So, when I see that...they lost $270 million over the past year, and they burned over $300 million in cash, you're probably not in a position where you can be overly picky when you're trying to find suitors to potentially acquire you. So, I think Pandora needs this more than Sirius or Liberty or whoever, Apple or Amazon or whoever they think might want to acquire them. I look at this and I don't think Pandora has a whole lot of negotiating leverage at this table. Dylan Lewis: And I think the further and further out we get, if you had talked about Pandora as a business two years ago and what they offer versus on-demand streaming, you'd say, "Yeah, I think the two can co-exist." I was a firm believer in that, because of the passive listening, the music recommendation side of Pandora, seemed strong enough to protect them from people who just wanted to listen to the music they wanted to listen to at that time. Spotify has done a really good job with their curated playlists, and their offering is a lot more compelling now because you can get that curated feel, and listen to the new Bon Iver album that you just want to plow right through. Kretzmann: You can listen to anything, anytime. And that's a really compelling value proposition for consumers. Spotify now has 40 million subscribers to that service. Apple Music, which just launched last year, has 20 million subscribers already. Those are the big players. Amazon just came out with a service for Prime members that's $8 a month, or $4 a month if you're just listening through your Amazon Echo device. YouTube Music is also getting off the ground a little bit. And Pandora still hasn't come out with an on-demand streaming service. Supposedly, it's going to come out later this year. But the company is still very dependent on that free, ad-based model. They do have about 80 million active listeners, people who listen every month or so. But Pandora has just been very slow adapting to what is a very clearly shifting landscape with music streaming. Lewis: Yeah, they've let competition pass them by in a way that's kind of surprising because they were really the first player out here doing this, and making music available in this way as a mainstream service. The tough thing for them is, even when they roll out this on-demand streaming option, it's going to be an uphill battle because they're competing against people that have commoditized music in a lot of ways, right? Kretzmann: Yeah, it's hard to differentiate yourself with music now. Are you going to be able to listen to songs that you can't get on Apple Music or Spotify or Amazon? I don't know, that's a tough thing to do. Maybe you see some of these companies start doing what Netflix is doing with original content with TV and movies. Maybe something like that happens. But it's hard if you're not already part of an established ecosystem like Apple and Amazon. Those are great examples where the music just fits into an ecosystem that they already have with the App Store or Amazon Prime. Pandora doesn't really have that. So, it's going to be an uphill battle, like you said, to acquire customers from people who are already used to streaming through Spotify, Amazon, Apple, or a lot of the other solutions already out there. Lewis: And those big businesses don't need music to be meaningful for them financially. If anything, it can be a loss leader for them, if it makes their core offering that much stronger. If you're a stand-alone business trying to make it work on your own, it's a lot tougher. Kretzmann: Yeah. I look at that, and music streaming is really becoming more of a commodity type of business, which you wouldn't have really anticipated five years ago. But Amazon is already upping the ante, saying, "We'll charge $8 a month." And I think, inevitably, you're just going to keep seeing that price ticking down. It will be an increasing challenge for companies to offer something that's different from the other competing options out there. So, I think consolidation is inevitable at this point. But I don't know if Pandora is really all that attractive of a target, if a company is trying to amp up their offerings. David Kretzmann owns shares of Amazon.com, Netflix, and Sirius XM Radio. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Netflix, and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 17, 2016 at 2:26PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Pandora Media NYSE:P $12.47 down $0.54 (-4.15%) Liberty Media NASDAQ:LMCA $31.70 down $0.51 (-1.58%) Liberty Media (Series C) NASDAQ:LMCK $31.65 down $0.47 (-1.46%) Read More What a Pandora-Liberty Media Deal Might Look Like Can Pandora Bounce Back After Last Week's 10% Drop? 3 Stocks I'd Avoid at All Costs What Pandora's Business Looks Like in 5 Years Pandora Media Inc. Hits a Sour Note Amid National Ad Lull Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool How Pandora Fell From 1 of the First Players in Music Streaming to 1 of the Last #stocks $P, $LMCA, $LMCK
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Now Google, Apple won't help Trump build Muslim registry Now Google, Apple won't help Trump build Muslim registry Source : Last Updated: Sat, Dec 17, 2016 14:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print New York, Dec 17 (IANS) Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. "In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a 'Muslim registry' -- we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad -- from all that we have read -- that the proposal does not seem to be on the table," Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it's ever asked to participate, "of course (Google) would not do (it)," the spokespserson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company "thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love". "We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort," the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a "No," stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On December 4, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry -- an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump's transition team -- and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: "No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so." Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, "We're not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point." "We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans," Microsoft PR head Frank X. Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump's transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News' question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. --IANS qd/sku/na/vm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Supreme Court bans use of religion and caste in politics Trump, the Time Person of the Year In pictures: Jayalalithaa's final journey Amma passes away: Jayalalithaa's journey as most prolific Tamil actress Rs 500 fine for using PM Modi's photo in advt About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Apple loses wireless patent violation and employee rest break lawsuits By Mark Wilson Published 3 weeks ago 18 Comments Tweet A jury in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California has ruled against Apple in a lawsuit about wireless patent infringement. Core Wireless was awarded $7.3 million in damages after Apple was found to have violated two patents owned by the company. Apple was found to have infringed upon Core Wireless' patents in iPhones and iPads, taking advantage of technology that "provide innovations that improve battery life and signal quality in mobile phones". The company is expected to appeal against the ruling, but this is not the only case it has lost. Core Wireless is a subsidiary of Conversant Intellectual Property Management, and Conversant CEO Inc, and John Lindgren said: "We are very pleased with the verdict. We appreciate the efforts of the court and the jury. This confirms the strength of the Core Wireless portfolio, especially following our success against LG earlier this year in two cases in the Eastern District of Texas". In addition to the $7.3 million damages, Core is also seeking interest on the award dating back to 2011. Earlier this week, Apple lost another case too. A San Diego Superior Court jury ruled against the company in a California Labor Code violation case. Apple was accused of failing to provide legally required meal and rest breaks for a period of four years. Apple was ordered to pay $2 million, and is again expected to appeal. Image credit: Anna Hoychuk / Shutterstock 18 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple adds new clips for Apple TV Aerial screensaver Apple adds new clips for Apple TV Aerial screensaver December 16, 2016 Christine Torralba Leave a comment After over a year, Apple has released an update to the videos appearing on the Aerial screensaver of the fourth-generation Apple TV. Ever since tvOS launched, the clips that showcased different landmarks and places have always been the same. Thanks to today’s news, tvOS users get a glimpse of a new series of screensaver clips on their device. As reported by 9to5Google, about twenty new clips were added by Apple. These new clips feature some of the most famous landmarks in the world, among which include the Liwa desert, the snowscapes of Greenland, and the skyscrapers in Dubai. Additionally, Apple has added numerous cities and countries into the collection. There’s an awesome videography of Los Angeles, Dubai, Hong Kong, Greenland, as well as three new videos of landmarks in China. If you use Apple TV’s Aerial screensaver, you’ll see the following new content: Los Angeles: Three day videos (1, 2, 3), one nighttime (1) Dubai: Four day videos (1, 2, 3, 4), two nighttime (1, 2) Greenland: Two day videos (1, 2), one nighttime (1) Hong Kong: Three day videos (1, 2, 3), one nighttime  (1) Liwa desert (1) Chinese landmarks (1, 2, 3) Since Apple TV randomly selects clips to showcase, it may take a while before you see these new clips on your device. But if you want to get new videos faster, you can go to Apple TV settings and choose Every Day to download new videos.   Tags: Apple, Apple TV, tvOS About Christine Torralba View all posts by Christine Torralba → ← Apple says macOS 10.12.2 should not ‘improve MacBook Pro battery life’ Review: Vest — Your Stock Investment Companion → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:26pm Sat 7 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox From Galaxy Note 7 to Apple iPhone 7, here are the five biggest tech blunders that occurred this year By Matthew Dunn of news.com.au 9:35 PM Saturday Dec 17, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Gadgets Innovation Mobile Phones Samsung Group Technology Samsung had no choice but to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone entirely. Photo / AP Innovation doesn't always go to plan, which is exactly what some of the biggest tech companies learnt this year. We decided to take a look back at some of the biggest blunders the tech world gave us in 2016. 1. SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 7 Forget 2016, Samsung'sGalaxy Note 7exploding battery saga will likely go down in the hall of fame as one of the worst product launches in history. When the smartphone was first released, it was met with overwhelming praise for its design, water resistance, iris scanner and improved S Pen features. All things pointed to the South Korean manufacturer creating the device of the year, but then disaster struck with reports of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s having issues with exploding batteries. The tech giant was forced to recall the devices and issues replacements. This didn't work as planned because the replacement devices were having the same issues. Samsung had no choice but to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone entirely. Following the unprecedented worldwide product recall, Samsung announced the "direct cost" of the incident would reach $3.9 billion over the next two quarters. Continued below. Related Content Here's your ultimate guide to buying gadgets this Christmas Gear Friday: 3DR Solo and new GoPros Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists The news came just days after Samsung announced the second recall of the smartphone saw the company's stock price fall more than $22 billion in one day. 2. APPLE'S IPHONE 7 While a move to wireless isn't the worst, Apple failed to deliver on its own solution. Photo / AP Apple's September launch of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus generated hype, but a number of delays left customers upset. It started with the diehard Aussie fans waiting outside Apple's flagship for three days. only to find out there would be no iPhone 7 Plus or jet black iPhone 7 units available. Apple said it had already sold out of its limited stock, with the jet black model of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus became increasingly rare - people ordering the phone had to wait until November. According to a research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the global shortage was due to the new high-gloss finish being too challenging for the Apple's manufacturers. "[The jet black iPhone 7] suffers from a low casing production yield rate of 60-70 per cent," the research note read, reported MacRumours. And who can forget the removal of the headphone jack and the controversy that move caused. While a move to wireless isn't the worst, Apple failed to deliver on its own solution. The company had showcased its AirPod wireless earbuds, which took until this week to be launched in stores. 3. THE CENSUS DRAMA Photo / Supplied Remember when the Census and Australian Bureau of Statistics websites were shut down after a cyber attack. People were quick to vent frustration online, although the bureau assured the two million Australians who completed the Census before the site was shut down that their data was safe. It also said those who were unable to complete the Census because of the crash had no reason to worry. "ABS would remind Australians that they have plenty of time to complete the Census, to well into September, and again note that fines will not be imposed for completing the Census after Census night," ABS statistician David Kalisch said at the time. While it wasn't the first time census had been available online, many believed the government's heavy promotion resulted in too many people heading the website at once. Angry Aussies took to social media to slam the organisation responsible for collecting and safely securing private data, with many noting the irony of being unable to log on to the secure form. In the wake of the incident, the Australian Bureau of Statistics blamed foreign hackers and claimed it took the precaution of closing down the system to ensure the integrity of the data. The ABS said the online Census form was subject to four distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks of varying nature and severity. 4. DONGLEGATE Apple released its MacBook Pro line-up, with the products being the thinnest and fastest ever released by the tech giant. The laptops were also designed with a customisable OLED touch bar at the top of the keyboard, with hopes to make touchscreen displays obsolete. As part of its innovative approach, Apple removed all of its MacBook Pro legacy ports except for the 3.5mm headphone jack, which was worthy of its own story. This meant there were no longer ports for USB 3, HDMI, SD Card or even Apple's MagSafe connector, with the tech company opting for four USB Type-C ports. So in order to effectively use their new MacBook Pro, consumers needed to buy a number of dongles - $370 of them to be precise. As the latest iPhone 7 charging cable was USB 3 to Lightning, a dongle was needed to charge Apple's latest smartphone on its most recent MacBook Pro. With no HDMI port on the new laptops, another dongle was required to hook the new MacBook up to a television screen. While the full list is much more extensive than those mentioned above, the overall backlash caused Apple to reduce the price of its dongles. 5. GOPRO KARMA Just two weeks into the market, GoPro recalled its Karma Drone and give out free Hero 5 cameras as compensation. Photo / AFP It was only a matter of time before GoPro released its own drone device and in September this became a reality. GoPro founder and chief executive Nick Woodman showed off the much anticipated product during an event in California. "We transformed GoPro into an end-to-end storytelling solution," he said. The folding drone shipped in a backpack and featured a removable stabiliser, which fitted any GoPro model. Impressively, the drone boasted a maximum speed of 54km/h and offered 20 minutes of flight time per charge. Retailing for $1195.95 without a camera or $1649.95 with a new GoPro attached meant the device didn't come cheap, but it seemed worth the money at the time. Well, at least it did until the product started losing its power midflight, which caused it to literally plummet from the sky. Just two weeks into the market, GoPro recalled its Karma Drone and give out free Hero 5 cameras as compensation. - news.com.au By Matthew Dunn of news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Charges over Kerikeri ute crash The driver of a ute that crashed into three lamp posts and rolled in Northland yesterday… Hawke's Bay Today Tourists' envy at best job around Gannet Beach Adventures managing director Kim Lindsay says the company is seeing a hike… Bay of Plenty Times Book shop closure end of an era The boom in charity fundraising book sales has killed off the last book exchange on the… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Steady start for new Mustang drift car New Mustang prepped for opening D1NZ drift hit out at Manfeild... Viva Icy treats to make these holidays Cool down with these recipes, from granita to icecream True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 07 Jan 2017 14:26:24 Processing Time: 682ms
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / LG Display will reportedly supply foldable OLED screens to Apple, Google, and Microsoft LG Display will reportedly supply foldable OLED screens to Apple, Google, and Microsoft by Joe Roberts 17 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments There's been a lot of talk about foldable displays this year, as several patents featuring the technology have emerged, but it seems there's some significant developments going on behind the scenes. That is, if a report from Korea's ETNews is to be believed. The report claims LG Display has partnered with outside companies including Apple, Google, and Microsoft, to supply those firms with foldable OLED screens. LG's display division is said to be "developing ‘out-foldable’ displays for smartphones" – technology which will apparently be used on phones for the three tech giants. Related: CES 2017 It follows a report from July which claimed LG was looking to invest $1.75 billion in the foldable OLED market, with the new report stating the company will begin mass-producing the foldable handsets in 2018. Though LG has shown off prototypes at tech shows in the past, the new report claims it has developed a new prototype with a 'significantly high' technical level – suggesting the latest concepts bring the technology much closer to consumer product level. ETNews also says Apple could introduce iPhones with flexible OLEDs in 2017, though most reports claim at least one of the iPhone 8 models will arrive with a non-flexible full-face screen that does away with the home button. Apple is said to be working on three new models for the iPhone 8, though flexible OLED seems unlikely Samsung, thought to be the other big player in the nascent flexible OLED market, is said to be developing its version of the technology entirely in-house, instead of taking the route LG has reportedly taken by partnering with outside companies. Last week another report from ETNews claimed Samsung was working on two foldable phones – one with two screens either side of a hinge, and another model with a fully flexible OLED display that would be released once the company gauged conumer response to the first model. Related: iPhone 8 Microsoft is also said to be considering flexible display tech for a Surface device, which could be the as yet unconfirmed Surface Phone. As with the rest of these claims, however, this is yet to be confirmed. None of the report's statements have been verified as legitimate, and LG has not given away any details about its flexible OLED display developments recently. But if LG has partnered with outside companies, it could be a big step in bringing the technology to the mainstream, so we're hoping ETNews is on the money with this one. WATCH: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 Head-to-Head Let us know what you make of the report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS Note ban takes toll on terror; Pak counterfeit presses close, Kashmir violence dips 60% Five dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSIFinanceBankingTechMobileConstructionReal EstateEntertainmentMedia & EntMusicPublic PolicyGovernmentIndustrial Goods & ServicesElectricalsAutoAutomotiveMisc.Miscellaneous Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 04:05 PM | 06 Janmarket stats SENSEX 26,759-119.01 NIFTY 50 8,244-30.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 27,890-58.00 USD/INR 67.96-0.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Now Google, Apple won't help Donald Trump build Muslim registry By IANS | Updated: Dec 17, 2016, 03.06 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Twitter | Microsoft Corporation | IBM | Google | Facebook | Donald Trump | Apple Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. NEW YORK: Soon after Facebook and Twitter clarified that they will not help US President-elect Donald Trump's idea of developing a Muslim registry, tech giants like Google, Apple and global cab-hailing app company Uber also said they will also oppose such an effort. "In relation to the hypothetical of whether we would ever help build a 'Muslim registry' -- we have not been asked, of course we would not do this and we are glad -- from all that we have read -- that the proposal does not seem to be on the table," Buzzfeed quoted a Google spokesperson as saying on Saturday. But if it's ever asked to participate, "of course (Google) would not do (it)," the spokespserson added. An Apple spokesperson also noted that the company "thinks people should be treated the same no matter how they worship, what they look like, who they love". "We have not been asked and we would oppose such an effort," the Apple spokesperson added. Uber also clarified with a "No," stressing that it would not help Trump build a Muslim registry. On December 4, US-based news website Intercept reported that of the nine major tech giants, including Facebook, Apple and Google, only Twitter declined to help if US President-elect Donald Trump seeks to create a national Muslim registry. According to the report, the firms were asked if they would sell their services to help create a national Muslim registry -- an idea recently refloated by President-elect Donald Trump's transition team -- and only Twitter said no. Nearly 10 days later, Facebook broke the silence and said that it would not help US President-elect Donald Trump's administration to create a list of Muslims present in the US. In a statement to the Intercept, Facebook said: "No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so." Facebook broke its silence after 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond. Microsoft returned with an answer saying, "We're not going to talk about hypotheticals at this point." "We oppose discrimination and we would not do any work to build a registry of Muslim Americans," Microsoft PR head Frank X. Shaw was quoted as saying. Oracle CEO Safra Katz, who is slated to join Trump's transition team, declined to respond to Buzzfeed News' question. Meanwhile, IBM, IT giant SRA International, Canada-based Information technology consulting company CGI and Management consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton were yet to respond. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Get more customers by advertising with Colombia Colombia Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Invest a fraction of the property value & get monthly rents Property Share MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES The party destination to be at for New Year's eve: Mykonos IndiGo grows fleet size, announces 10 additional frequencies Infrastructure From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA VIRAL GALLERY Baby Manvi needs your support to fight Cancer Milaap Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION German rail giant steps up 'Silk Road' freight line to China Ray IoT receives support from Johnson & Johnson Rahul Gandhi likely to celebrate New Year abroad Apple plans to make iPhones in Bengaluru from April READ MORE ON » Twitter | Microsoft Corporation | IBM | Google | Facebook | Donald Trump | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Akhilesh checkmates Mulayam, SP bank accounts frozen Will Modi's cash ban hurt India's economy? Read what GDP data says Note ban takes toll on terror; Pak counterfeit presses close, Kashmir violence dips 60% Blackmoney: India tweaks protocol to shed secrecy tag on info Jobs at stake as Narendra Modi considers strategic sales across India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Year-End Special 2016|UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Live: Currency Demonetisation|Gold Rate RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Rob Price Dec. 14, 2016, 4:29 AM 10,796 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook is one of the expected attendees. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Some of the most powerful and high-profile leaders from the technology industry are scheduled to meet with US President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday. The meeting has the potential to be a tense affair: Silicon Valley was overwhelmingly opposed to the Republican president-elect before the election, and during the campaign he repeatedly railed against the business practices of the industry. The discussion is likely to centre on jobs and immigration — issues on which the tech community and Trump seem likely to clash. The meeting, due to be held at Trump Tower in New York, has a star-studded guest list: Apple CEO Tim Cook, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt from Google parent company Alphabet, Amazon boss Jeff Bezos, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Tesla's Elon Musk, IBM's Ginni Rometty, and Brian Krzanich from Intel are among the attendees, according to a roundup from The New York Times. (Sidenote: Jack Dorsey, the cofounder and CEO of Twitter — a social network beloved by Trump — was not invited.) It's all about jobs A key issue on the table will be jobs and immigration. Silicon Valley is heavily reliant on immigrant workers, hiring engineers and other employees from all over the world — but Trump ran his campaign in opposition to immigration, promising to build a wall along America's southern border and to halt Muslim immigration altogether. Trump has been critical of the H-1B skilled-worker visa program, which the tech industry uses heavily, saying in a statement in March: "I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has expressed concern that there are too many Asian CEOs in Silicon Valley. The attendees will be hoping that Trump is prepared to be more pragmatic about the issue than his rhetoric on the campaign trail might have suggested. The tech industry and Trump do not get along Several of the attendees at the meeting have previously been the subject of Trump's ire. On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly went after Bezos, the Amazon CEO who also owns The Washington Post, which aggressively reported on Trump during the campaign. President-elect Donald Trump. Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump said Bezos had "a huge antitrust problem because he's controlling so much," while Bezos countered that Trump's strategy of targeting the news media "erodes democracy." (Bezos later promised to keep an "open mind" after Trump's election.) Trump attacked Apple over its refusal to help unlock an iPhone for the FBI in February, asking, "Who do they think they are?" and calling for a boycott. He has also targeted the company for building its iPhones in China. One of Trump's few backers in Silicon Valley is Peter Thiel, the Paypal cofounder turned billionaire investor and Facebook board member. Thiel supported Trump's candidacy, speaking at the Republican National Convention in the summer. He now sits on the president-elect's transition team, and he helped organise Wednesday's meeting. In November, Trump sat down for a similar off-the-record meeting with media executives. It was reportedly an awkward affair, with Trump attacking the assembled execs over their coverage of his campaign and their failure to anticipate his victory. Business Insider will bring you more on Wednesday's meeting as it happens. NOW WATCH: Airplane designers have a brilliant idea for the middle seat Loading video... More: Donald Trump Tim Cook Apple Jeff Bezos Google Elon Musk facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Some of the most powerful and high-profile... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple poached a key engineer away from Porsche earlier this year Yoni Heisler •December 17, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share This past September, word surfaced that Apple was completely re-thinking its plans in the automotive space. While Apple was initially interested in developing its own electric car from scratch, the New York Times relayed that Apple’s automotive initiative was being scaled back due to a lack of significant progress. Nonetheless, Apple doesn’t appear ready to give up on its automotive dreams completely. In the wake of reports that Apple has shifted its focus towards developing self-driving automotive software, Reuters is reporting that Apple not too long ago hired Alexander Hitzinger, the former “technical director of Porsche’s race car program.” Don't Miss: Is Apple looking to ‘kill’ the Galaxy Note? An engineer by trade, Hitzinger previously worked on a few Formula One racing teams before joining Porsche in 2011. Apple’s decision to bring Hitzinger on board is particularly intriguing given what he managed to accomplish at Porsche, specifically his involvement in developing the Porsche 919 hybrid race car. Porsche’s new race car won Le Mans and the endurance racing world championship in both 2015 and 2016 using largely unproven technology, which beat far more established rivals. Hitzinger helped hire and build a development team and organizational structure at Porsche, expanding from ten staff to over 150 employees. Hitzinger’s managerial experience is particularly noteworthy given that one of the reasons why some believe Apple’s automotive plans fell by the wayside is that the project lacked direction and leadership once Steve Zadesky, the previous head of Apple’s secretive Project Titan program, left the company for undisclosed personal reasons. While the idea of Apple designing and releasing its own branded car remains, in my estimation, a fantasy, the recent hire of Hitzinger along with Apple’s recent letter to the NHTSA regarding self-driving car technology suggests that Apple is still angling for an ‘in’ of some sort into the automotive industry. Trending right now: Faraday Future SUV smokes a Tesla Model X in intriguing drag race video Samsung reportedly knows why the Galaxy Note 7 exploded Download seven classic Ubisoft games free on PC this weekend See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Switch Your Number to Sprint and Save 50% Sprint®Sponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Brandwire Good Governance Auto Cars Bikes Launches Reviews Faceoffs Miscellaneous ALL News » Auto » Miscellaneous » Apple hires Porsche race car engineer: Sources Apple hires Porsche race car engineer: Sources Alexander Hitzinger is the latest auto specialist to be recruited by Apple as it explores building its own car. Hitzinger helped Porsche return to endurance racing and to develop the 919 hybrid sports car from scratch, much in the same way Apple is now looking into building its own vehicle.Reuters | Updated: Dec 17, 2016, 03.26 PM IST Highlights Alexander Hitzinger helped Porsche to the 919 hybrid sports car He played a key role in Porche's victorious return to the Le Mans endurance race While he has not made any official comment, the move is being seen as Apple's push towards developing its own self-drive carsAlexander Hitzinger (Photo sourced from Porsche AG) FRANKFURT: Apple poached the technical director of Porsche's race car programme earlier this year, a company source said on Friday, hiring a project manager who helped engineer the sports car company's victorious return to the Le Mans endurance race. Alexander Hitzinger is the latest auto specialist to be recruited by technology giant Apple as it explores building its own car. Earlier this month, Apple urged regulators not to impose too many restrictions on developers of self-driving cars. Hitzinger could not be reached for comment. The move was first reported by Germany's Manager Magazin. Officially, Porsche only confirmed Hitzinger had left the luxury carmaker in the spring. Apple was not immediately available for comment. Hitzinger helped Porsche, owned by Volkswagen, return to endurance racing and to develop the 919 hybrid sports car from scratch, much in the same way Apple is now looking into building its own vehicle. Porsche's new race car won Le Mans and the endurance racing world championship in both 2015 and 2016 using largely unproven technology, which beat far more established rivals. Hitzinger helped hire and build a development team and organisational structure at Porsche, expanding from ten staff to over 150 employees. Hitzinger's LinkedIn profile states he left Porsche in March and joined a "Technology Company" located in the San Francisco Bay Area as an engineering executive in April. Hitzinger is quoted by Manager Magazin as saying he wanted to do something "which has a significant and direct impact on society", but did not confirm he now worked at Apple. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Invest a fraction of the property value & get monthly rents Property Share Baby Manvi needs your support to fight Cancer Milaap Get more customers by advertising with Colombia Colombia More from The Times of India When Ranbir turned the table on Manish Paul NIA files chargesheet against LeT terrorist Bahadur Ali Fiscal deficit hits 86% of budget estimate in April-November From the Web More From The Times of India 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdownCRITICSUNION Own monthly rent generating property for as little as ₹5LProperty Share Little Aadithyan needs your urgent help!Milaap 7 movies you won’t believe Hrithik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION Save 2-year-old from rare form of cancer!Milaap 9 reasons you should have sex everyday Hrithik Roshan ranks third Most Handsome Man in the world Ranveer Singh's yet another unusual party avatar Ash ignores question about her film with SRK Bohemia: Bohemia quits alcohol and smoking Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Ad: Colombia Rahul Gandhi calls on Karunanidhi, says DMK chief is doing well Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi called on DMK patriarch Karunanidhi, who is undergoing treatment for lung and throat infection at a private hospital here, and said the leader was doing well. Restoration, rejuvenation of Narmada river a priority: MP CM Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan praised the role of Narmada River in the development of Madhya Pradesh. From around the Web Top 10 most anticipated bollywood movies of 2017 CRITICSUNION Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA VIRAL GALLERY Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Grade A commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share More From The Times of India NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved Times of India Bengaluru molestation: 'I was groped, saw girls crying' Times of India Drugs allegedly found in beauty queen's car Times of India Read MoreVolkswagenPorsche IndiaPorscheApplealexander hitzinger Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Luxury car sales slide as demonetisation dampens sentiments Audi India appoints Rahil Ansari as its new head Maruti Suzuki to launch premium hatchback 'Ignis' next month Hyundai wins Indian Manufacturer of the Year award BMW India to have petrol options for all cars Bestselling Audi under microscope after EU emissions tests Mercedes to hike prices from January 2017 US may make car-to-car communication mandatory soon Northeast leg of Maruti Suzuki National Super League TSD Rally Championship flagged off 1Apple hires Porsche race car engineer: Sources 2Luxury car sales slide as demonetisation dampens sentiments 3Audi India appoints Rahil Ansari as its new head 4Maruti Suzuki to launch premium hatchback 'Ignis' next month 5Hyundai wins Indian Manufacturer of the Year award 6BMW India to have petrol options for all cars 7Bestselling Audi under microscope after EU emissions tests 8Mercedes to hike prices from January 2017 9US may make car-to-car communication mandatory soon 10Northeast leg of Maruti Suzuki National Super League TSD Rally Championship flagged off About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Advice From Wall Street’s Go-To Tax Man Robert Willens, an expert on the U.S. tax code, discusses how to position yourself for the Trump tax plan. By Andrew Bary Biography December 17, 2016 Robert Willens is one of Wall Street’s leading tax and financial-accounting experts. When hedge funds and other investors want advice on whether companies such as Yahoo! and Liberty Media can use the complex tax code for potentially value-creating transactions, they often seek his input. Willens, 70, has been offering his brand of advice for almost 30 years, first as a tax and accounting analyst at Lehman Brothers from 1987 to 2007, and since early 2008 at his own firm, Robert Willens LLC. A Columbia Business School professor for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tablet iPad Pro 2 Release Date Coming Soon As Current Tablet Hybrid Gets Discounts By John Solinap Posted on December 17, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Everyone has been waiting for the iPad Pro 2 release to happen but so far it remains a mystery. Recent developments though could indicate that the tablet may release very soon. The iPad Pro 2 was certainly a very unique product which Apple introduced last year because of its huge 12.9-inch display. Apple then launched a smaller version of the tablet earlier this year. Fans though have been waiting for the iPad Pro 2 which has been rumored for a long time. Now it appears that the wait may not be that long now as the upcoming tablet could be launched soon. It appears that some retailers have been slashing the prices of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. Best Buy has the 32GB variant of the device can be bought for just $799.99. This is certainly a big opportunity for those who have been waiting for a great deal on the device. Read Also: Apple iPad Pro 2 Release Date in March with 3 Variants? iPad Pro 2 Release Date Soon Aside from the huge savings, it could also be a sign of another thing that Apple fans will be ecstatic about. This is because discounts on the current device may be a sign that the next generation of the iPad Pro could be released soon. The iPad Pro 2 has been in the rumor mill over the past couple of months and it may be about time for Apple to finally release it. It may not be exactly the same as its predecessor though as it is rumored that Apple will scale down its size to 10.5 inches. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Vs iPad Pro 2: Specs, Release Date News, Which One Is Worth Waiting For? iPad Pro 2 Rumors Aside from the smaller display, another change which could be present in the iPad Pro 2 is an improved processor. A bump in internal storage and RAM could also be expected. Read Also: iPad Pro 2 Rumors, Release Date: Apple Making 2016 Model As Powerful As A Desktop So, are you excited about the upcoming iPad Pro 2 release? Be sure to let us know what you expect in the next generation of the iPad Pro in the comments below. Related Items:Apple iPad Pro 2, Apple iPad Pro 2 Launch Date, Apple iPad Pro 2 Release, iPad Pro 2 Launch, iPad Pro 2 Leaks, iPad Pro 2 release, iPad Pro 2 release date, iPad Pro 2 specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720: Lenovo’s Hybrid Is Quite Ambitious iPad Pro 2 Concept Image Shows Off 4K Display, Dual Camera Amid Rumors Of Cancelled Release Date Apple iPad Pro 2 Release Date in March with 3 Variants? About the author John Solinap John is a writer for TheBitBag.com. Being a tech and gadget junkie, he enjoys reading about the latest news and updates in the world of computers and technology. Post navigation Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Version To Be Unveiled At CES 2017 This Week Akonia Holographics to Develop HoloMirror Technology for AR Headsets Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
  Home International Entertainment Movie Reviews Soap Masala Bollywood Sports Punjab Link News Top News Lead Story Auto Link Fiji News Business South Asian Link News Health Calender South Asian Views Editorial Commentary Link Feautre Link Columnist Opinion Crime Saligirah Mubarak Education Link VIP'S Contact Us Saturday, December 17th, 2016 | Posted by admin Apple To Come Out With iPhone 7S In Red Colour Before iPhone 8 TOKYO – Apple might make a habit of coming out with surprise phone releases, dubbed ‘S’ in the March to April period. According to reports that cites Apple’s Taiwanese supply chain, the next iPhone dubbed iPhone 7S might come in a flashy red colour. Japanese blog Mac Otakara also claimed that the phones might get a hardware refresh. “Basic design etc does not change, it seems that it will be only updates such as loading A11 chip, and it says that it does not seem to be wireless charging or glass chassis,” the blog explained adding that the new phones will be an update to the 7 and the 7 Plus — and will be called 7S and 7S Plus. Otakara also said that the only update will come in the form of a faster CPU — the A11 chipset and the phones will also not support wireless charging. This, however, is in contrast to KGI Securities’ Apple analyst Ming-Chi, Kuo who had earlier predicted that Apple’s next iPhone models to incorporate an all glass chassis design with integrated wireless charging. Mac Otakara’s source said both standout features are unlikely to debut in 2017, at least for the “iPhone 7s” series. The feature might be reserved for the 10th anniversary edition — iPhone 8 — expected to be launched later in 2017. Kuo and other experts also believe that Apple is primed to debut a third model alongside its usual 4.7- and 5.5-inch smartphone offerings. The special edition variant will be positioned at a price point above the “iPhone 7s” series and feature a 5.1- or 5.2-inch OLED display with “invisible” home button, all-glass housing, wireless charging and other exotic technologies. Mac Otakara has a strong track record when it comes to iPhone predictions. The Japanese blog was first to report on iPhone 7’s 3.5mm headphone jack deletion, as well as this year’s Jet Black colour option. Comments are closed Most Recent Opinions Posts Calgary Gurudwara Vandalised With ‘Racist’ Graffiti In Mobilization Of Hate Across Canada Vancouver Mosque, Gurdwara Provide Homeless Shelter During Cold Spell Trudeau Not Getting As Much Love From Canadians As He Did Earlier, Says Survey The Trump Triumph – United (or Unfortunate) States of America? By Simi Mehta New York Police Department To Allow Sikh Officers To Wear Turbans, Beards Sikh-American Doctor Denied Job, Files Religious Discrimination Lawsuit Home Contact Us RSS Link Directory © 2017 Link Newspaper. All Rights Reserved . Log in - Webite "designed" by Shiftonline.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! iPhone 8 Could Copy Samsung Galaxy Note’s Signature Feature GO Apple Pencil support suggested by new patent application Dec 17, 2016 06:15 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  ​ Apple is working on giving the iPhone 8 a complete overhaul of the existing generation, and according to new information, introducing Apple Pencil support might be one way to achieve that. A patent application spotted by PatentlyApple reveals that Apple is very serious about bringing stylus support on a future iPhone model, and there’s a good chance that the 2017 version is the one. This isn’t the first time we hear about stylus support on the iPhone, and people with knowledge of the matter previously hinted that Apple wanted to introduce this feature on a supposed Pro SKU for the iPhone 7. Although at first it seemed that these sources were wrong, this doesn’t appear to be the case, as Apple indeed planned on bringing the Apple Pencil on the iPhone, but only on a later model. The patent suggests that the Apple Pencil would work on the iPhone just like the S Pen on Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7. A dedicated menu would automatically fire up when the Pencil is close to touching the screen, while also offering certain options when the iPhone is locked. Users will be able to take notes, draw on the screen, crop, and work with the pen just like a typical Samsung user. Exclusively offered on the iPhone Pro? The Pro version of the iPhone, if Apple indeed launches one, could come with a bigger screen that would make sense for the Pencil to be introduced in the iPhone lineup. Rumor has it that the iPhone Pro could feature a display that’s larger than 5.5 inches, and previous reports claimed that Apple was aiming for 5.7- or 5.8-inch panels. It’s not yet clear if this is still the case, but the plan seems to be to introduce a display larger than the one on the Plus (5.5 inches). At this point, the Apple Pencil is exclusively available on the iPad Pro lineup, and given its dimensions, the accessory would have to be redesigned to be used on the iPhone. The patent doesn’t reveal if Apple plans to offer a built-in system for carrying the Pencil together with the iPhone, similar to what Samsung does on the Note. The next-generation iPhone is expected to launch in the fall of 2017, and given that it marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, such makeovers are indeed possible. But since we’re so far away from the moment when it’s supposed to debut, everything can change overnight.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #Apple#iPhone 8#iPhone#Apple Pencil#Samsung Galaxy Note subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it New patent application from Apple (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 6s Bursts Into Flames Just like a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - Report Super Mario Run for iPhone and iPad Now Available for Download Apple Releases First Betas of iOS 10.2.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.3, and tvOS 10.1.1 Court Orders Arrested Man to Reveal iPhone Passcode Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals 5 photos    Patent drawings showing how the pen would work on an iPhone new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Apple to Launch Watch Series 3 with Improved Battery Life This Fall more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Microsoft, Apple Working on Foldable OLED Displays for Future Phone Models GO LG Display said to be partnering with tech giants Dec 17, 2016 06:00 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  ​ LG Display has reportedly signed deals on foldable OLED displays with three of the largest technology companies out there, namely Microsoft, Apple, and Google, all of which are said to be planning on bringing these panels on their future devices. A report from etnews reveals that LG Display has already developed a prototype of a foldable display and this convinced companies like Microsoft and Apple to sign deals with the company that would have all of them invest into improving the tech. Not much is known about the collaboration because of the confidential nature of the deals, but the aforementioned source claims that LG Display is trying to gain an early advantage in its race against Samsung Display, which is investing in foldable panels as well. What’s important to note, however, is that production of this new display technology is not scheduled to start until 2018, which means that the first devices featuring it could only see daylight in late 2018 or early 2019. Apple has been looking into foldable displays for years, and the company even has several patents, but for the moment, Cupertino is yet to step into this side of the market because it’s believed that the technology is still in its early days and it’s not evolved enough to be mass produced. New Microsoft product categories On the other hand, Microsoft seems to be looking at foldable displays as a potential ingredient for inventing new product categories, a thing that the company has been investing in with its Surface lineup. Devices like the Surface Pro, the Surface Book, and Surface Studio have all been used to invent new categories, and Microsoft might be looking into doing the same thing with foldable displays. LG’s technology is specifically designed to be used on phones and tablets, but this doesn’t mean that Microsoft’s eagerly-anticipated Surface Phone will adopt it. Most likely, Microsoft could use it for a new Surface model, if it ever sees daylight - the Surface Phone is projected to launch in the fall of 2017, so foldable displays won’t be ready in time for this debut. No company commented on these new rumors pointing to investments in foldable displays, but it goes without saying that more information will emerge in the coming months, as all three tech giants are going forward with their long-term plans focusing on this type of panel. #Microsoft#Apple#Google#LG Display#foldable display subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Microsoft to Attend MWC 2017, No Surface Phone Though Windows 10 on ARM Already Generating Interest from PC Makers Snapdragon 820 Windows Phones Could Become Available Worldwide Existing Windows Phone Flagships Won’t Be Able to Run Desktop Apps Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals    Foldable displays could help Microsoft invent new product categories New Apps LangOver: Easily translate texts and search the Internet using Google by pressing hotkeys, with the help of this easy to use system tray application Portable Jutoh: Enables you to easily create electronic books in EPUB, MOBI, TXT, MP3, HTML and ODT formats, from existing files or from scratch SynciOS Data Transfer: Transfer contacts, messages, calendar entries or multimedia items directly from one phone to another or backup phone data to the computer WonderFox DVD Video Converter: Convert video and audio files to other formats, rip DVDs and download videos from the Internet with this powerful and intuitive application DreamPlan Home Design Software: Plan and design a house or condo for personal or professional use, with the help of multiple features such as texture settings, decorations or 3D renditions Moneydance: Keep up to date with your budget statements, transaction records and general financial trends, with this comprehensive application WifiHistoryView: Extracts information about the current and past wireless network connections of your computer, displaying a complete list you can export Reader comments Lynda.com Hacked, 55,000 Passwords Reset more on: Lynda.com i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple gives employees t-shirt and credo print for the holidays By Cody Lee, Dec 16, 2016 Tweet 39 Comments Apple this year is giving each of its retail employees a special edition t-shirt and credo printing gift for the holidays. MacRumors has photos of the presents, which show a gray t-shirt featuring a two-circle design made up of all of Apple’s retail locations. As for the credo, it’s printed on what appears to be glossy, heavy paper and it even comes in a protective envelop. Apple introduced the 6-paragraph statement earlier this year, which starts off “we are here to enrich lives, to help dreamers become doers.” While the gift is a nice gesture for the holidays, it’s a bit of a step-down from Apple has given its employees in recent years. For example, in 2015 it handed out urBeats headphones and an Apple Music subscription, and in 2014 it gave out backpacks. Source: MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple Regent Street to reopen on October 15 Apple announces first Brooklyn store will be opening doors to customers on July 30 Grand opening of fifth Apple Store in Hong Kong scheduled for June 30 Related Topics Apple, Apple Store, Apple Stores, News, Report, Retail kiboi It’s not a bit of step-down, it’s climbing down. Poor apple employees. They deserve more. ConduciveMammal Deserve more? You mean like their salary? They do their job and get paid for it. Mark S More than most get from their employer. We didn’t get anything in government and I don’t expect anything. Anonymouse Yes but to be fair you don’t do anything in Government. 🙂 ericesque That’s harsh. Oxygen can’t convert itself into CO2… Anonymouse That is funny..Oh my, what have I started!!! Shadowelite123 I don’t see anyone laughing… Anonymouse It is extremely difficult to see someone laughing whilst you’re looking at a pc screen, tablet or mobile device screen. That may explain your problem. Shadowelite123 It’s actually not. You must be thinking about emotions. In basic English, seeing someone send a text based message with phrases like “haha” or “lol” are usual indicators of laughter. Emotion is not necessary with laughter as there are many forms of which have varying emotions depending on the choice of words. So there is no problem, with seeing someone laughing, just your perception of the English language. Jay Deserve more. They have a lot of employees now, well have had them for quite some time. Even this small inexpensive gift was expensive to give to every single employee. Ungrateful and selfish people like you are the new scum of the earth. Feeling entitled for no reason and just not thinking of the big picture. Anonymouse How do you know they feel entitled for no reason and haven’t thought of the big picture from a company with one of the largest savings account in the world? Sources? Then you label them ‘scum of the earth’. What do you label criminals, rapists, murderers etc? Is it ok to label you A$$clown of the month? kiboi Obviously Jay is a d1ck. Anonymouse Now I think I agree with you Jay They are all included in scum of the earth. Just because the company makes a lot of money doesn’t mean the grunts( prople the do the heavy lifting) are gonna get the good perks. They don’t all feel entitled of course the the few that do are really ungrateful. They don’t have to get a gift at all. Fact is that they got something should be enough as other companies do much less for their employees on a big scale like that. Anonymouse Apple themselves set the precedent when they started giving fairly pricey gifts a few years back. From kiboi’s comment there’s nothing to suggest he’s an employee whingeing in fact quite the opposite. It’s your prerogative how you rate people, but a worker (or grunt worker) worker nonetheless who may or may not expect a nice gift from his employer due to previous experience is labelled equally with someone that murders, rapes etc. Really? I don’t accept it, I think you’re upset over something else you’re not that bad a person. As for other companies they should be trying to excel over their competition with treatment of their staff rather than copying each other. Imagine if the tech industry has that mindset…oh wait a minute… Jay Uh, were did I assume they kiboi was an employee? I only stated that they shouldn’t just expect Apple to give its employees expensive gifts just because they have a lot of money. I’m a grunt as well and get paid for what I do just like they do, I don’t complain when I don’t get a bonus or when I get an inexpensive gift. Apple is not obligated to gift anyone. I didn’t mean to sound so harsh but some people in this world is extremely ungrateful now and I am upset at that. I don’t expect a gift at Christmas time because that isn’t what it was originally about it’s just what it has become, which is unacceptable. People who think they deserve from life in general is what I am mad at. This is a first world issue and they shouldn’t cry about getting an inexpensive gift after getting an expensive one.. As for the last thing you are saying.. How are they treating their staff bad by GIVING them a gift for FREE? Anonymouse I assumed you were referring to kiboi as an employee when you commenced your comment about Apple employees then continued with, “Ungrateful and selfish people like you are the new scum of the earth”. My last point was in regard to your comment, “Fact is that they got something should be enough as other companies do much less for their employess”. I’m saying companies should be looking to excel in their treatment of their workers rather than copy ‘as other companies do’. Yes you’re right Christmas has become a pain in the neck and commercialised to the max. Companies like Apple make a killing over this probably more so than other companies. I’ll bet articles will be written highlighting the top gifts given this year and an Apple product in the top 5. Wouldn’t any company profitting from such a thing pass on some of the profits? Just a thought. Merry Christmas Jay 🙂 Jay Wouldn’t any company profiting from such a thing pass on some of the profits? No, what would be the point of advertising/spending more just to give it back to the front line employees? that money is reserved for the higher CEO’s. Anonymouse Companies should be looking to excel in their treatment of their workers. This is not gift related this is across the board 365 days per year. Is that clear. Moving on from that if you want to discuss gifts. As for expensive gifts, define expensive. Steve Jobs in 2007 announced every employee who had been worjking over one year part time included were to receive a new iphone. Last year from memory I think Beats headphones and/or Apple music subscription was gifted. Previous to that there were backpacks, bottles I think and some other useful gifts. I was always taught that it is the thought that counts not the value. This shirt has the incorrect spelling of one of the stores, the card has printed some words. Do you know what is printed? There is no thought here from the executives, it is offensive, I’ll bet the shirt is not made in USA, iI’ll bet the paper isn’t recycled from USA. Either way I don’t care because like I said previously, it’s all commercialised crap, personally I wouldn!t want any gift but that’s me. As for marketing, I don’t think Apple really needs to worry about reminding the good folk it’s Christmas. People are also taught to be grateful, however they are not taught to be grateful for breadcrumbs. When yoi were a kid growing up i wonder what Jay said/thought when he was hoping for a bike but got a pair of men’s underpants with the trap door in the front. People have been conditioned from an early age and now people are complaining about gratitude attitude. That horse bolted and it will take a few generations if you want to change the mindset. Angela got $60 million as a sign on fee, then she got approx $30 million this year, Tim got $60million odd, Craig approx $20 million etc etc etc. i find this all hilarious when Apple recently lost a case in California for breeching workers rights with respect to their break period and you put that against the words on the card. It truly is hilarious. As for who the scum of the earth really us, someone needs a reality check. Ho ho ho Jay If they aren’t happy with a free gift they are scum, if you expect a better gift, also scum. When I was a kid of course I wanted gifts but that was because I was a kid. Those workers aren’t kids either. The person who needs the check is in your mirror looking right back at you. Anonymouse My point is flawed is it? Did you hear from someone else it’s flawed because that’s how you seem to operate. So now they’re scum when previously you said you didn’t mean to sound so harsh. You lost credibility tinkerbrll. You said before some people are ungrateful and you’re upset about this. Why you poor poor thing, Jay is upset over this, wipe your eyes princess have a spoonful of cement and harden the hell up. Jay Im solid as a rock it was you and boi crying that they should get more. When I said I didn’t mean to sound harsh I was felt as though I was taking my anger out on boi, which was wrong. They were just sharing an opinion. Same you did calling me a$$ clown, no tears there either. It is definitely falwed as you haven’t specified how it isn’t after I made a valid point on why it was. Try again. Anonymouse Point out where I’m crying that they should get more. You have a habit of stating things that weren’t said or implied and you base your findings on what you allegedly heard. I think A$$clown is appropriate under the circumstances for you. So I’ve heard. Jay So still beating around the bush on making a point are you? When folks like you don’t have any valid points or excuses you end up name calling.. which like I said doesn’t hurt one bit. So its really pointless to stoop to that level. Also I based my crying comment on the very beginning on this discussion in which you think Apple should treat there employees “better”, a mere shirt isn’t enough and they deserve more. Then you also imply that they should get better gifts every year after.. Anonymouse My use of name calling is generally used for replacing a name or humour. I also add them after making a valid point or before one. You do not make it easy on yourself when you base your points on hearsay evidence. Further you seem to interpret or dare I say assume an explanation to bolster your argument or worse. I did not imply they should get better gifts., in fact I questioned the definition of expensive. I’ll reframe my point to make it clearer on companies and treatment of employees. Pay attention: If a company treats its employees honestly and fairly and with respect, seeks ways to continually improve their workplace 365 days per year, you’ll find the employee wouldn’t expect a gift at christmas (telling the boss don’t worry about it) in fact the employee would buy a gift for the employer instead. When a gift is given and it has a ‘token’ ‘non genuine’ ‘politically correct smell’ sense about it, the monetary value of the gift is irrelevant it feels false. In that case nothing is more appropriate.. Apple and their history of employee workplace relations is not the best. The genesis of Apple is llittered with mistreatment of its employees, Mr Wozniak has provided a few examples. My Christmas is commercialisd comment is my observation and I do express them. No I haven’t bumped my head, if you did it wouldn’t matter because you’re a numbskull. You see that, the clever use of a counterpoint whilst seguing your rhetorical comment and providing light hearted humour. kiboi Stop crying Jay. Jay The only cry baby was you. Waaaa.. they should get more.. grow up. Anonymouse I wonder if all the executives get the same t-shirt and piece of paper fpr christmas? For those that go dumpster diving and bin dipping around the stores will score a few t shirts this year it seems. Mark S If these people are smart they will ebay that crap. Some apple fan boy will gladly pay through the nose to own official apple Christmas presents and display them in a glass case in their living room as if it was the second coming. Anonymouse That’s a good idea I like your style. Although as for khobi being labelled scum of the earth by Jay I think is a bit extreme. Tommy If only they could just say merry Christmas Mark S With Mr. Redefinition of Marriage as the CEO? Right… Tommy Well yea that’s why I said if only haha Mike mukweem That would be very insulting, not all of apples employees are Christian. Christmas is a religious Christian holiday. Jay Other religions celebrate it as well. It’s not really the holiday they are celebrating anymore though. I think its just more so the decorations and gifts, some even forgot what it was even about. Bill Insulting? Perhaps you should petition the government to rename the day from “Christmas Day” to “Holiday” or even better, just “Day” since even the word Holiday is derived from “Holy Day”… FFS. It’s Christmas. Say Merry Christmas, or don’t. No one really cares, except where people don’t say it “because it might offend someone”… what utter garbage. “Politically correct” can go F itself, along with anyone who’s “offended” by a word. Poor, poor wittle snowfwakes. (None of this is directed at Mike mukweem personally, just toward his words.) Mike mukweem What now? Mike mukweem Apple has employees all over the world, Many don’t celebrate Christmas Mike M. Powell didn’t they get free apple watches last year?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai This drone timelapse shows Apple’s new spaceship HQ taking shape Chris Mills •December 17, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Over the last few years, Apple has slowly been spending some of its giant wad of cash to build a gigantic new headquarters. The obviously-named spaceship will eventually house Apple’s staff, keep the R&D department in a hermetically sealed blogger-proof building, and give Apple its own auditorium to show off courage to the eager public. Construction has been moving quickly over the last six months, and a pair of drone photographers have been keeping us up to date with progress thanks to montly flyovers. One of them, Matthew Roberts, has made a year-end wrap-up that shows all the changes that have happened over the last six months. Don't Miss: Amazon is letting people gift 3 months of Prime! As it currently stands, most of the big construction is done. The main building has a structure, something that looks like a roof, and most of its walls. The iHill mountain of dirt has been graded, access roads and parking lots are nearly done, and aesthetic touches like glass walls are starting to go up. The scale of Apple’s new HQ is always difficult to grasp from the drone footage, but the occasional glimpse of tiny workers is enough to remind you how ambitious this project is. Construction will cost around $5 billion — expensive, for sure, but a lot less than Apple’s hundreds of billions of cash sitting offshore. (It’s less than Apple’s back tax bill to the European Union, for that matter.) Trending right now: Mercedes wants to let someone borrow your car for money A film student spied on everything a thief did with his stolen smartphone NES Classic Edition: Best Buy shares more details about upcoming availability See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Intelligence chief: Russia’s election interference went far beyond hacks 6440 messages3%64%33% Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams 123 messages5%76%19% Massachusetts sheriff offers prison inmates to build Trump's wall 399 messages6%78%16% Excellent Value in Maryland’s #1 Selling Community Ryan HomesSponsored Mom Told to Leave First Class Over Crying Baby 155 messages7%61%32% Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooter Checked His Weapon During His Flight Victoria Osteen Hit With Lawsuit BoosttopiaSponsored 5 dead, at least 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later President-Elect Donald Trump Calls Russian Hacking Investigation a 'Political Witch Hunt' This game will keep you up all night! Pirates : Tides of FortuneSponsored The 'Nightmare before Christmas' has claimed another retailer Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Val Kilmer Ditches Neck Scarf for First Red Carpet in Over a Year You Won't Believe Who Huma Abedin's Father Is Brain SmugglerSponsored Intelligence chief: Russia’s election interference went far beyond hacks mike: Trump doesn't dare back down now. 1. He lost the popular vote. 2. All the fake news stories benefited him. 3. His approval rating is the lowest in history. 4. 60% of Americans don't trust him. 5. Russia did in fact work on his behalf. 6. I would weaken his already weak win. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 6.4k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] iOS 10.2 Release: 5 Things to Know Adam Mills12/06/2016 The iOS 10.2 release date for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is getting closer and today we’re taking a look at everything we know so far about the iOS 10.2 update including some new details about its highly anticipated release date. Advertisement In early September, Apple confirmed its highly anticipated iOS 10 release date. And on September 13th, the company rolled out the iOS 10 update for select iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models around the world. iOS 10 is a solid replacement for iOS 9 but it far from perfect. iOS 10 problems have been plaguing iPhone and iPad owners in the months since release and many users are calling for a new iOS 10 update to address these lingering problems. Fortunately, help is on the way in the form of a massive iOS 10.2 update for iPhone, iPad and the iPod touch. Apple’s confirmed an iOS 10.2 release and today we want to go over the most important things to know, right now, about the second major update to the iOS 10 operating system. This roundup takes a look at what we know for sure about the iOS 10.2 update. It also outlines a few things you can expect from the upcoming iOS 10.2 release for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch including the iOS 10.2 release time in the United States and countries around the world. Advertisement We’ll continue to add new information to this roundup so check back for regular updates. iOS 10.2 Beta If you want to try the iOS 10.2 update on your device right now, you can. Apple’s pushed an iOS 10.2 beta to developers and the general public. Anyone with an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch can download the iOS 10.2 beta, for free, via Apple’s Beta Software Program. The iOS 10.2 beta is pretty big and there are some very good reasons to think about trying it out on your iPhone, iPad or iPad touch ahead of the official release date. Advertisement You can test the iOS 10.2 update’s new features and you can also test its performance on your phone or tablet which might be a good idea if you’re using an older device like the iPhone 5 or iPad mini 2. Before you install the iOS 10.2 beta, make sure you prepare your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. A little prep work will go a long way toward preventing iOS 10.2 beta problems. And yes, there are a number of issues with the current version of the beta. We’ve noticed lag, issues with connectivity, random reboots, occasional abnormal battery drain, and issues with various apps. If you download the beta, there’s a good chance you’ll encounter an issue or two. To help you prepare, we’ve put together a guide that will take you through the beta installation process. If this is your first time installing a beta on your iPhone or iPad, make sure you take a look at those before you go through with the process. They could save you some time. If you do decide to give the iOS 10.2 beta a go, make sure you report issues as you see them. This will help Apple improve the final product. You might also want to look at our list of reasons to, and not to, install the iOS 10.2 beta on your iPhone or iPad. iOS 10.2 beta and its list of features make it tempting but there are definitely some reasons to avoid the beta. You Can Downgrade from iOS 10.2 Beta If you’re currently on the iOS 10.1 update or the iOS 10.1.1 update you can try the iOS 10.2 beta and drop back down if you decide you don’t want/like the beta. As of right now, you can download the iOS 10.2 beta and drop back down to iOS 10.1 or iOS 10.1.1. Unfortunately, you can’t downgrade to anything older than those two updates. The downgrade process is pretty straightforward. For a detailed list of instructions, take a look at our iOS downgrade guide. iOS 10.2 Release Date Earlier this year, Apple confirmed a new iOS 10 update for December. The update, it said, would deliver the company’s new Apple TV app to iOS users. Apple’s iOS 10.2 beta 2 delivered the new Apple TV app to beta testers so it looks like Apple will release iOS 10.2 sometime later this month. This isn’t confirmed but it appears likely at this point.  The only time Apple confirms specific iOS release dates is when it confirms them on stage during media events. And with no other media events rumored or likely for 2016, we probably won’t get an official iOS 10.2 release date ahead of time. That said, Apple’s left us a potential clue. The company hasn’t confirmed anything but it says it plans to address iPhone 6s random shutdown issues in an upcoming iOS update. That update will apparently arrive next week. From a support document on the company’s website: Outside the affected batch, a small number of customers reported an unexpected shutdown. Some of these shutdowns may be normal, because the iPhone will shut down to protect its electronic components. To gather more information, we will add an additional diagnostic feature to the iOS software update that is released next week. This feature collects a variety of information in the coming weeks that may help us improve algorithms for managing battery performance and shutdown operations. If such improvements can be achieved, we will deliver them through further software updates. The support document was posted on December 6th which means an update should arrive during the week of December 12th, maybe on December 12th itself. (Apple’s gotten into the habit of releasing new iOS software on Monday’s.) Next week or not, the iOS 10.2 release is close. iOS 10.2 Release Time The exact iOS 10.2 release date is difficult to predict but the iOS 10.2 release time isn’t. If Apple sticks to its usual release protocol, and there’s no reason to believe that it won’t, iOS 10.2 will arrive around 10AM Pacific on release day. The same can be said for all of the upcoming iOS 10.2 beta releases. Here’s what that looks like for regions in the United States and countries around the world including Australia and Japan: Eastern – 1 PM Central – 12 PM Mountain – 11AM London – 6 PM Moscow – 9 PM New Dehli – 10:30 PM Shanghai – 1 AM Tokyo – 2 AM Melbourne – 3 AM Auckland – 5 AM Apple probably won’t confirm the release time ahead of release so you’ll want to keep an eye on your device(s) around this time Monday-Friday. iOS 10.2 Update The iOS 10.2 update appears to be a pretty sizable upgrade for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and we could see even more added to it as Apple tweaks the beta ahead of its official release date. The crown jewel of the iOS 10.2 upgrade, for most people, will be the new emojis. Unicode 9 emoji are included in iOS 10.2 beta. Notable additions include an avocado, shark, croissant, a shark, a carrot, a squid, bacon, a kiwi, and an owl. iOS 10.2 beta includes new emojis. There are also new wallpapers, a setting that allows you to preserve your last known camera settings called “Preserve Settings”, performance improvements, a new Celebration messages effect, new wallpapers for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and some smaller tweaks. It also, as we’ve noted, brings the new Apple TV app. The iOS 10.2 beta also brings a new TV settings section in Settings and a new SOS mode. The SOS mode is only available for users in India in iOS 10.2 beta 3. It was available to a much wider range of users in iOS 10.2 beta 2. Here’s a list of features that arrived with iOS 10.2 beta 1, here’s a list for the more recent iOS 10.2 beta 2 release, and here’s a list of changes on board the iOS 10.2 beta 3. The iOS 10.2 beta 4, 5, 6, and 7 updates are much smaller and didn’t bring any significant changes to the iOS 10.2 update. iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Don’t expect an iOS 10.2 jailbreak on the iOS 10.2 release date. Developers are reportedly working on an iOS 10 jailbreak but well-known security expert Luca Todesco is warning jailbreak users to avoid the iOS 10.2 update when it’s released. Those looking to jailbreak iOS 10 should remain on iOS 10.1.1 because there’s a higher likelihood we’ll see a jailbreak for that version of iOS 10. For more on the iOS 10 jailbreak, take a look at our roundup. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2 & 6 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.2 If You Want Better Security 1 / 10 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  The iOS 10.2 update brings 12 known patches for potential exploits including one where an "attacker with an unlocked device may be able to disable Find My iPhone."  These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.1.1 update and/or the iOS 10.1 update, know that iOS 10.2 brings their security patches with it. If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.2 is probably worth a download right now. 1 / 10 24 Responses 09/22/2016 Franklin Marder Reply Why do you waste so much space discussing a release date that has not been announced. It’s as if you are using a template and leave in all of the extraneous stuff. To be useful your posts need to get to the point. 10/02/2016 Scott Reply Thanks for wasting my time reading this. 10/31/2016 juansamaniegor Reply love the new #iOS10 #iMessage but the only thing missing is have profile picture. 10/07/2016 Nick Reply Brevity is unfortunately not your strong point. 10/12/2016 Shitt Reply Bullshitting 10/16/2016 Clyde Reply This article is so badly written, I wouldn’t allow him/her to write a postcard after reading it! 10/16/2016 Franklin Marder Reply My issue is not the quality of the writing but the utterly misleading headline. It is in Beta and there is no known release date. I m a developer and I would know. This is also the second publication of essentially the same article and it just regurgitates Apple’s developer documentation. Publishing anything about a Beta release as if it is final information is misleading and shouldn’t be allowed by any responsible news site. 11/01/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply Guess Apple came 2nd this time since android had it first with the release of nougat… 11/19/2016 moo Reply there was always a squid emoji… 11/25/2016 David OBrien Reply What’s really getting on my nerves with the latest 10.2 beta is that when I go to write a text message… and choose a contact, if I come across one I’ve previously deleted, when I press the “I” and try to remove from recents, NOTHING HAPPENS! And it’s driving me mad! I’ve not seen anyone else reporting this, am I alone? 11/28/2016 Sick Of Adam Mills Reply These articles your write about “X You Should Know About OS Y.Z” have been trash from the beginning, when you first started doing them. Please make it stop! They are awful. It is painfully obvious you know nothing about software, or software development. Please pick any other topic you can think of to write about, excluding software. 11/30/2016 Theo Reply Wish Apple would go back to iOS 9.3.5. I detest so many things about iOS 10. Previously I could swipe to get rid of the lock screen. Now, I/we have to press the Home button. I have an iPad 4 with a non-operational home button. Now I have to spend money on a repair? The whole idea of a touch-screen is to get away from mechanical switches! Another thing: when I get a notification from Gmail of a new email, there is this broad banner that takes up unnecessary real estate on the screen. Then, when I open the email, the keyboard comes up and blocks half the screen. Mostly, I just want to read the email, not reply to it. Previously, a particular app allowed adjustment of font sizes. This feature disappeared with the “up”grade. A “pox on you”, Apple, for killing my enjoyment of my iOS devices! 12/04/2016 Don S Reply I have version 10.0.2 on my iPhone 6s. Am I way behind the times and in danger from security issues? 12/06/2016 Christi Reply iOS being the second biggest mobile platform in terms of volume and first in terms of developers remuneration. iOS apps development are a part of improving business, setting signature presence and building a great brand. Thanks for sharing 12/13/2016 Robert Kazi Reply On this new iOS 10.2 it is impossible to watch my old “home videos” wich I use to sync through iTunes. No way to see those videos on the new “TV” App 12/13/2016 Franklin Marder Reply You may want to look at the iOS version of the VLC app as it is a bit of a can opener for multi-media files. You may have to sync the files via iCloud Drive or Dropbox. 12/16/2016 Nota Reply I can’t find my country for the new security feature after installing ios 10.2 Curaçao, Dutch Caribbean Area code +5999 HELP 12/16/2016 Nora Reply When are you going to fix issue for iMessages’ names disappearing/ not appearing/ or saying ‘maybe’ this person??? 12/22/2016 homemade electronics toys Reply Thiѕ paragraph іѕ trսly a pleasant one it assists new internet visitors, աho are wishing for blogging. 12/31/2016 The Shepherd’s Diet Reply As I website owner I believe the content here is really great, thanks for your efforts. 01/01/2017 enjoy video games Reply Sοme genuinely inteгesting info, weⅼl ѡritten аnd ցenerally ᥙser genial. 01/02/2017 toys electronics gadgets trade Reply Ι read thіs paragraph ϲompletely on the topic of the comparison οf hottest аnd preceding technologies, іt’s remarkable article. 01/02/2017 kyle leon muscle Reply Ι go tto ѕee daily а fеԝ web sites and websites tto reaԀ content, hoever thіs blog proviⅾes feature based articles. 01/05/2017 รับผลิตครีม Reply Have you ever considered publishing an ebook or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based upon on the same subjects you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my subscribers would enjoy your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to shoot me an e-mail. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple jony ive Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book "Ideas are extremely fragile" By Rob Thubron on Dec 16, 2016, 1:45 PM 34 comments TechSpot For those who don’t know, Apple released a physical book last month that shows off its 20 years of designs through 450 photographs. The ‘cheaper,’ 10.20” x 12.75” version costs a bargain $199, but, if you really want to stand out from the crowd, the $299 13” x 16.25” option could be a better buy. If, for some bizarre reason, you’ve not felt compelled to splash out almost one-third of a thousand dollars on some glossy pictures of iMacs and Apple Pencils, the company has just released a simply stunning promo video for “Designed by Apple in California.” Apple’s Chief of Design, Jony Ive, fronts the clip, which, if you’re able to watch all the way to the end, will doubtlessly convince you to buy a book of photos that costs the same price as an iPad Air. After all, money shouldn’t be a factor when it comes to a publication that uses specially milled German paper, gilded matte silver edges, and low-ghost inks, whatever the hell they are. While Ive reminds us that “Ideas are not predictable in terms of when you’ll have them, and how many you’re going to have,” he doesn’t really explain why the book is so comically expensive. It may be constructed from materials that sound like they’re from an RPG, but it seems this is another case of Apple’s “it’s expensive, which makes it great” marketing at play. Still, nothing would show just how rich and gullible you are than having a copy of “Designed by Apple in California” sitting on your gold and diamond-encrusted coffee table. Related Reads Apple invites third-party developers to its headquarters to help finish up Apple Watch apps Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch Apple Watch Sport has the best profit margin of any Apple product 34 comments 373 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters Galaxy S8 alleged image leaked, April release date rumored GeForce Now lets you play graphically intensive games on low-end PCs and Macs Load Comments 34 ... User Comments: 34 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under Â£500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Cameras Cameras Digital cameras Bridge cameras Digital SLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Micro hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Smart home automation Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Batteries Rechargeable batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Solar panels Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Carbon monoxide detectors Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Boiler servicing contracts Wood burning stoves Heating oil Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Editor's picks Best Buy ovens Don't buy an oven without consulting our list of recommended models proven to cook evenly and heat up fast. Nespresso coffee machine buyer's guide Everything you need to know about choosing a Nespresso coffee machine, from the best features to how much to spend. Top five cheap fridge freezers From affordable US fridge freezers to bargain integrated models, we round up the top five cheap models for your needs. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Growing your own veg Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Barbecues Compost Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Mini greenhouses Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Smoke alarms Mattresses Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Burglar alarms & home security Wood flooring Electric showers DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Editor's picks Tax calculator Use our calculator and expert-help notes to work out your income tax and understand the relevant allowances that could reduce it Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired â working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra Â£1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expessing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands How to buy breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accomodation Transport & accomodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Misleading prices Fed up with pricing tricks that exaggerate discounts and manipulate shoppers? Sign our petition to end misleading pricing. Rail delays We want rail companies to make it easier for passengers to get their money back for train delays. Sign our super-complaint. Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Tech blog daily Which? Conversation Which? Digital blog Search My account Log in Sign up News Technology Home & garden Cars Money Baby & child Energy News Videos TV & home entertainment Televisions Blu-ray DVD players Home cinema systems Sound bars Computing Tablets Laptops Printer ink Printers Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Cameras Digital cameras Digital SLRs Bridge cameras Camcorders Audio MP3 players Radios Headphones Phones Mobile phones Best smartphones Mobile networks and tariffs Cordless phones Car technology Dash cams Sat navs Broadband, TV and phone Broadband deals TV package deals Catch up TV Home appliances Steam cleaners Washing machines Vacuum cleaners Built-in ovens Fridge freezers Small appliances Steam irons Coffee machines Juicers Carpet cleaners Food processors Heating, water & electricity Boilers Boiler cover Dehumidifiers Electric heaters Batteries Shopping, grooming & wellbeing Electric shavers Men's razors Blood pressure monitors Garden Leaf blower vacs Pressure washers Lawn mowers Grass trimmers Hedge trimmers Home improvements Best mattress brands Mattresses Best double glazing companies Best kitchen brands Cordless drills Travel & Leisure Waterproof jackets Binoculars Tents Luggage Best airlines Best and worst shops Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Hearing aid providers Healthy eating in later life Car reviews City cars Small cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Estate cars MPVs Car brand reviews Audi BMW Ford Honda Mercedes-Benz Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car How we test cars Car buying tips Petrol vs diesel Car finance explained How to get the best price Where to buy a car Car ownership advice Which? Car Survey Best car tyre brands How to sell a car Calculators & tools How to find a good garage How to pass an MOT Used car warranties What to do after an accident Savings & investments Best rate savings accounts Best rate cash Isas Saving rates booster tool Investment portfolio builder tool Peer to peer lending websites Credit cards & loans Compare credit cards Personal loans Your credit report explained How to deal with debt Prepaid cards Retirement State pension explained Pensions and retirement Company pensions explained Writing a will What to do when someone dies Money-saving tips 50 ways to save money Cashback sites Personal finance software How to haggle Price comparison sites How to get discounts Insurance Car insurance Home insurance Travel insurance Income insurance Pet insurance Mortgages & property Mortgage advisers: find the best mortgage Buying and selling property Mortgage comparison tables First-time buyer mortgages Buy-to-let mortgages Bank accounts Best bank accounts How to switch bank accounts Student bank accounts How to bank online safely Tax Which? tax calculator 30 ways to save on tax Tax rates, allowances and amounts Capital gains tax explained Inheritance tax explained Baby transport Child car seats Pushchairs Pushchair chooser Baby carriers and slings Travelling with children Nursery & feeding High chairs Cot beds Breast pumps Best nappy brands Free and cheap baby stuff Child safety at home Baby monitors Safety gates Baby safety equipment Digital thermometers Treating head lice Shopping & family finances 10 money tips for parents Childcare in the UK Energy companies reviewed How to save on your energy bill How to use less electricity Light bulbs LED lights Energy saving appliances Energy costs calculators Home grants Energy monitors How to buy solar panels You are here: Which? home > News > 2016 > December > Best Windows 10 laptop of 2016 revealed In this section 2016 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Latest News What is RSS? Best 0% balance-transfer credit cards Are you overpaying tax by ignoring a tax return? Four mattress Best Buys revealed for 2017 Nutribullet price hits record low in 2017 Cash Isa deals of the week: 05 January 2017 Best Windows 10 laptop of 2016 revealedTop scoring Best Buy PC unveiled in latest testing 17 December 2016 The new Apple MacBook Pro is among the laptops we've just tested We've had to wait 12 months, but it's been worth it – our latest batch of laptop reviews includes the very finest Windows machine that we've tested in 2016. It's not as if it's been free of stern competition. This year has witnessed some genuine computing innovation. From Microsoft's own-brand Surface Book with a detachable screen, to the remarkably thin HP Spectre 13. And over in the Apple camp, there have been plenty of innovations. The launch of the new MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar where the function keys used to live, is among the most talked about tech moments of the year. But it's a Windows 10 laptop that has set our test labs alight this December, with a fantastic screen, super speedy processor and brilliant portability. The best laptop we've tested this year sits at the top of our best Windows 10 laptops table - click the link to reveal all Best Windows laptop of 2016 Best Buy laptops come in all shapes, sizes and price ranges. But they all have some of the same things in common – batteries that last an age, fantastic ease-of-use, bright, vibrant screens and a processor that can handle multiple tasks at once. Our 2016 champion computer has all of these benefits and more. Which? laptops expert Adam Marshall describes our top model as 'easy on the eye, a pleasure to use, and priced competitively. If you're looking for a new laptop, you may well have found it.' The battery lasts for more than 10 hours, which, for a laptop with such a powerful processor, is astounding. An Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of Ram and 256GB solid-state drive combine to give you the speed to carry out even the most complex of home computer tasks. Video editing and gaming work seamlessly on this laptop. Very few screens on the market can compete with this one, and we found its touchpad and backlit keyboard to be well crafted and comfortable. Both are snappy and responsive, with excellent feedback. Want to know what our best Windows laptop of 2016 is? Then click to read our best Windows 10 laptops Mac or Windows PC? As well as Windows 10 laptops from the likes of Acer, Asus, Dell and HP, our latest laptop reviews also include the Apple MacBook Pro. With its 13-inch 2,560x1,600-pixel resolution Retina display, Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory and 256GB solid-state drive, you can't argue with its specifications. But it will cost you at least £1,449 and includes a miserly offering of ports, so it won't be for everyone. Apple MacBooks aren't universally loved by all. As well as the off-putting price, some people just don't get the knack for using Apple's MacOS operating system. And instead of the likes of Word and Excel programs that are familiar to Windows users, Macs have their own word processing (Pages) and spreadsheet (Numbers) software. If you want to open a Word or Excel document from your old computer or that somebody has emailed you, then you'll have to purchase Office for Mac or download a third-party program. If you're weighing up buying an Apple Mac and want to know more about how they differ from Windows laptops, we put them head-to-head in our expert guide to Macs v PCs. More on this... Laptop reviews – 140+ laptops tested and reviewed for you How to buy the best laptop – use our interactive choosing tool to pick your ideal model Best cheap laptops under £500 – for a great PC without paying a fortune Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017 Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C- Bomani Jones backed down; Interview with Jake O'Donnell 1-6-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria The Whiner Line, 1-6-17 Dale & Holley   Laroy Streat's Freestyle Friday via The Dale & Holley Show Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Michael Floyd making an Impact, 1-1-2017 Enough About Me   Ep. 47: Sean Leahy "Boston Herald Sports Editor" Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Tim Raines was a great player -- here's why I'm not voting him for... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Curt Schilling calls Kirk & Callahan to battle New Jersey... Sorry Red Sox fans, introduction of Edwin Encarnacion... Latest Columns Curt Schilling should be in Hall of Fame, even if he offends you, end... Say goodbye to the punching bag: What Red Sox fans will miss about Cla... Latest Audio Hot Stove Show Hour 1 - More on Baseball's Hall of Fame... Hot Stove Show Hour 2 - Injury risks in the WBC and Joe... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story This year is different: Patriots can reach Super Bowl without Rob Gronkowski by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Poll: Who do you want the Patriots to meet in the divisional... Tom Brady will indeed join new social media platform Latest Columns ‘Cool’ world: Martellus Bennett makes his pitch to stick with Patriots Almost 1 year following synthetic marijuana incident, Bill Belichick p... Final Mia 14 NE 35 Latest Audio Mike Florio of ProFootball Talk says whoever comes into New... Devin McCourty says Matt Patricia hasn't talked about his... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Al Horford made right decision to see his kid's birth -- is this really a... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Pregame Friday: Celtics look for guys like Jae Crowder with... Report: Bulls shopping All-Star guard Jimmy Butler; could... Latest Columns Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... 2:47 1st Bos 20 Phi 17 Latest Audio Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' flagrant foul, and it's... Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' injury and keeping Marcus... Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story If Gabriel Landeskog is out there, Bruins have no excuse not to make trade by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins assign forward Noel Acciari to Providence Bruins Emotional Zdeno Chara feels Bruins let Milt Schmidt’s... Latest Columns Problems aplenty with these Bruins, but fix remains hard to pinpoint Frank Vatrano return inches Bruins closer to fully operational status Jan 07 Fla Bos Latest Audio Saturday Skate - Khudobin to blame? Julien hot seat?... Saturday Skate - Khudobin to blame? Julien hot seat?... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB The One Area Every MLB Contender Must Still Improve Before... Jarrod Dyson to Mariners for Nathan Karns: Latest Trade... NFL Lane Johnson Files Lawsuit Against NFL, NFLPA: Latest... Donald Penn Injury: Raiders Tackle Out vs. Texans with... NBA Tim Hardaway Jr. Trade Rumors: Latest News, Speculation... Hawks GM Wes Wilcox Makes Racially Insensitive Joke at Fan... NHL Post to Post: Will Artemi Panarin's Extension Kill the... World Junior Hockey Championship 2017 Final: USA vs. Canada... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast K&C Tunnel Vision Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Boston Sports 101 - Patriots History in the Wild Card Round Laroy Streat's Freestyle Friday via The Dale & Holley Show The Real K&C - Kirk's Bomani 'stunt', Holley takedown &... The Whiner Line, 1-6-17 Jake O'Donnell is an idiot about racism in Boston, 1-6-17 Popular Audio  K&C- NJ.com writer Randy Miller calls in to dicuss calling... K&C- Bomani Jones backed down; Interview with Jake O'Donnell... Latest Podcast  Boston Sports 101 - Patriots History in the Wild Card Round The Real K&C - Kirk's Bomani 'stunt', Holley... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says Tyler Zeller out for the weekend, Jae Crowder will bounce back from comments Brett Brown thinks Isaiah Thomas is pretty amazing, especially in 4th quarter » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us $19 -- Moonlight Meadery: Tour w/Tastings for 2, Reg. $40 Station Events There are no events currently scheduled. Please check back soon or view photos from past events. » More Events Contests Boston RV and Camping Expo Enter to win for a chance to win $1500 in camping gear! It’s the Boston RV and Camping Expo!  MLK Holiday weekend January 13th through the 16th at the Boston... 2017 New England International Auto Show Enter to win a pair of tickets to the 2017 New England International Auto Show... » More Contests Bill Belichick Tom Brady New England Patrio.. Miami Dolphins NFL Josh McDaniels Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Mut - #FreeRollFriday, 12-16-2016 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Mut - #FreeRollFriday, 12-16-2016 Dec 17, 2016| Weei.com's Rob Bradford joins the program to talk about....nothing in particular. Another weei host calls in to join in on the fun. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Howard's show I for year old Friday and what would you guys Sports Radio WEEI and Friday's wiggle loose. All over the place that means rob Bradford is here from WEEI dot com Robby are at early see the connection I heard you talked about this before. And I'm martyred by the way to be here with you as I always Adam thank you buy a modern day and in this is part of that much five point plan which has and hasn't really. It'd stride yet it's tough they're they're really not here consistently enough that you would not. I've not been here now you have not golden and other directions by the radio station or buy vacation days except our idea is sort of like it's sort of like a coach when he's tired they were gonna do this and do that do this and execute 20% of it happens yeah. Spot up but I'm honored that you designate media as the guy who comes in and and talks nonsense gold borrow anything now because I live I think some of the more off topic. Yet coherent shows I've done in my radio it's been a much too with two people you in many. Okay you and I on the original but Bradford which by the way should never have been canceled. Think everyone agrees that. Is it factions still be on self censorship that the federal yeah maybe maybe it will be I don't know. But it started it. The it started as VW week yeah I doubt whether you show by with a way it wasn't canceled I still haven't really gotten word from management that is that was not handle all that well all the wanna shot now things got him saarc regulars but it was not handled well was. It was called the WEEI dot com show that was that was literally for a week yeah it was not long and on the dial up being just mutt and Bradford and before he became DJ being of you know such features as that the DGB no the intern. Running it live chat during the show my doctor Jeffrey dentist who frequent son. WEP I'd Twitter also have other day we had Dustin Pedroia on every single week yeah and U mass co Eds calling Dustin Pedroia we took calls and some. Draw gas college calling in basic throwing yourself at Detroit on the phone BOR before he became a laser show yet and that's also before he released our rock and the the tank top issue in Apple's. The but. There and he basically came on that show every single week yeah can we paid him and like ping pong paddles so deep I would love people there item. It's one of those things that I I've really not thought about that part of it since with a 78 years ago at this point writer had open. But the behind the scenes of is Pedroia going to get this piece of equipment off my game that he's at station was going to give him was. IU weekly. Soap opera with the EU and other people here at the station it would it it took up all of our time off the air during that show is Pedroia going to get his. Both flex don't know water it was so out of through this in thirty seconds ago. Dustin Pedroia. We you do this when you do this want to week appears to this on the month Bradford show yet sure what you want eyes wanting on Apple's that's right it's once something like in part okay. That becomes. A what is called a power play. As via power plated slight that's Ottawa as what you put that power plays price that you put on a barn you bench. And okay well it turns low power play cost 9000 dollars. And as as much support. Actually as they were putting behind the mutt Bradford show. For those Saturday mornings they were not really ready for 89000. Dollars and it's Dustin Pedroia interviews and yes it became a thing in Irving oil was good to lest they often will we like Irvin lawyer I've made her re oil. It's really like they've made the show are I think I made Irving oil I've made Dustin Pedroia is media career and I maker rim and on that show as well by leaving early. The show that was it not not really early you you were not there because you had to know I left early. I left I left in our political play in MB. And he came in and current that was only an hour or what. I still it was an entire show you weren't there I do more than an hour within that price to corroborate this. You share yes. I'll allow a one a loser line once. Kirk and hand joining us dvd Kirk. And take. Up with a 33 got it real like this weekend give us your got a full. I've ever got it out. Real well look at a lot of available or yeah. I can pick out like Kelly out. There. Available BOY. And this is of the two players that I think will be good this is where might the commodities rolling his eyes and say why you forcing this guy on me please and a mere. I. Member opposite saying we will never a pathetic performance our attention fades so. What what what I people our show William graduate of but it's got that list you have a list of what did you know casting couch. I have yet to crack that aid is it the power cells are now someday buy please corroborate that you were not on that entire show you showed up halfway in right. Or air park. Art art. Which are. Your first appearance ever on the radio other not counting went in 1987 when you called net yield in predicted the Utah Jazz and the Chicago Bulls. What I call. For another eighteen year old oh I would say I would say I think I remember being bought our meet you. I remember thinking. Strange that rob but he river but I'm thirty on. FaceBook where. Arctic you know ever. All Buick. The it's a real slog the Valerie came midi Berry Jim rice's first show here and they know pilots and I Terkel admit this is sound like you were like ten feet away from the micro. On her own apps and some are. Now producer called you think it's got. Its aftermath. And peaceful like. I bet for all over. I know forego that I L I hope those girls have a plan B up opportunities for the next 24 beats both at. Yes that would. I got our terrible at. All. No I digest I just got yours debacle at the much you know Kirk the mutt five point plan was to bring it or bring in Smart to bring in Smart people. Right and then I failed Friday Friday is my designation for the month five point plan. We'll recruit you read up. I. Caught separately today we. May. You said that you are all. God it's not an accurate quote I that you are so in that of mine. All right. Yes also the head of mutt which was. Which flies when we did the what he does interviews on the hot stove show now he's always worried about how they're going to appear in the morning joy in my right about that but is there a little bit of that no yeah on loss on we have money Michael Culp guy Cooper you pretended with a guy that nobody cares about anyway you pretended. To know about a reality show and you duke got caught lying on the air just admit that it endeavors we talked about I would I was a winner brought up but the Aggies yeah we didn't know any better the better example I would use with the week before when you were with the mossy you're giving an argument right. And you said this would be appearing on the morning show when you're very happy because he also be key toss is that on the year I have a gaping hole he says that on the year that's going to be pulled out of context he going to be used against it much like what. That I hope I think it's if it got quite a fight with it if I. Urge you are frustrated there rot or. I'd make it up like other folk that. Want to have these yes Joseph rocket right like ought. Much but I think it's necessarily a radio error error. Rob and I said except that you have idea roster were certain you know is this is an open book I other news ever get away your weighed between Myanmar and it caught a cold pack I I I I had other things. Other things going on a Wednesday that was more focused on the fighting with rob Michael Culp back and to be in the first half hour doing which grew around a little bit and move on we did that we yelled each other next ninety minutes and and -- back where it was credits. Or. Not a critical that was excellent it's very well spoken. Out. Does other things going on the radio station. And I would. Now there was there was I'll think that that word was brought up at that point is of good conversation with some very nice what he's still doing up you reject the job because of the good about themselves the European party. I'll. Ask about that are at it ought to come. I sure though. Gary Gary can go but he has to stay oh that's it became an old school wearing yellow and at 1010 feet away from the kids when their plane in the the arcade but. So we. Now. He now you can't bring itself used by the way Kirk you said you know you had mentioned you mentioned that I'm the only person wrote more books and I rate which is accurate. But it's coincidental because I brought in months Christmas gift and which was a copy I hard copy of Jason I'm. Which is on sale right now for two dollars and six cents on Amazon the units are. It it's triggered all. Are like car. Did you edit tastings I don't go to the that was a record so old on Google built kill isn't important part of this hard to keep dock it at the clock. It's. At the knowing a lot lot of Michael Floyd talked about the probably who is this guy whose whose pitch and you can hear how you argue that. It's a particular particular. Site here. Are you get done. All work. Out a court process as set yup yup yup yup. It's what you said and so what he bitch about the website today and people of the station during lunch you said yep yep yep yep but no no not at all I think everybody's a I producers. Oh. Getting knowledge and please when it went looking for a try to find. A purity it's here it is anchored its market ready. Big dollop threats. I can clock it read this with a straight face Hillary. Yeah I go ahead and it's it's right here it's right here. Where is it the second page top the second note note from the second another group. Radio I know there's another group. Who deserves more thanks that I can get my chief sounding board to absorb more wave of frustration anxiety than anyone should be subjected to. Kirk many handy world's greatest screenwriting. JV basketball coaching marathon runner in the business. Turner. First there was deal in the mine near death experience and heartbreak hill then came carry me away from Niagara Falls casino blackjack tables and finally. Was reeling in my sometimes warped view of reality. That was why that was that was written in 2003. And nothing gets Niagara Falls casino what was the. It's weird let's say much you're you're you're you're you're you're yes brought rocket attack accurate. Rock that's all. Is the worst lack. Sat there cable elders. All. Get people sitting smoking crack supplying all day. Wobbles. Robert hitting. Spain. And I'm mark or dogs you're at the and crops. Well public and you're. Everything would want higher earned what from the money. But. I'd like to have. My you know some casinos can do that people won't care but that the Niagara Falls casino you can not do that they're there cannot hit on sixty. Don't like are you. On no I think a loss in 2017. Morning what's good. Well well well well well. Also formed its. I I shouldn't I should it come in sick with a stomach flu with the guys you guys have been thrilled by coming Monday. Usually get a drunk driving I am a man oh probably or at issue is so they are quiet apps call. Going to be yes they are about. Recalling ups and -- you'll I don't look this guy you know I was sick and why your lying there on the there. I talk to your your two days later apologized I hate calling in sick at all. Sure. I know did I someone could daycare that day state of the stay stayed at my parents' house because I was scheduled to do the show I couldn't do the show isn't all that day Kirk last question for me. Should we do a dramatic reading from Chad -- talking about mart's program today. I never had a program. And I are hired like every other short. Order Herbert. I thought. My watch much hot Michael I like all its record. Number two the only person in Austin. Who like. Oh you. Ought to be a remarkable. It's a little negative Lam Jones even not that hard don't you. Are out. Occurred at oak. The worst road course. Highlight. You are. Well commander now as the second most popular podcast the website behind his own shows up producer podcast which is taken off like a rocket. Are. Not numbered three. With our number three. Under is glad we get the reedy endorsements again to meet you did you know pick desperate you are. Silk. And one lightly Gary TUE the art. Form a ticket. Ever seen it up. When I got my I want to but I provide read today that this is part of my duties coming up which which we. Yeah as would be the first time or whatever give young Harry Chris you hear his father useful I don't I don't I thought it was a birthday thing. Those began I don't want it dead or would you know was. Brilliant copper or else you got up and what. Thought they said but he just does that randomly though like the the Shaw's in Burlington walks of the guide to the godfather dude it's. You're actually Erica. Erica if if if a good you and Harry eleven. Are sure. No I've never toughness you have your Jana BS she did mile big idea I get the milk duds from them once that's all that's it. All back here at Christmas card all not agree it's like you're for it port Perry. Social life gives you have no say over the Christmas cards now she I didn't know I had no idea what the tour all are off. We get him Christmas no no no. I don't know. An archive tomorrow. Oh please it's on your way to the movie season and will introduce birdied the monster doing the live broadcast from the party. And now. We're not sure she's she's bored by the numbers which are. Oh. It's it's okay it's how many was it eight minutes you think there from there eight. Well. How Egypt's history. Or some party. 1130 they'll be chewed the Adori cheese pizza and Pepsi also. Yeah out the year. Rupture. Or. I think you will be there tomorrow yes lets the smoking some economic. I Robert. Opt for your. Excellent no immigrant relationship. Will be there tomorrow all be one big happy family tomorrow to celebrate Carter's birthday hairy men will be in the house. To exit out. You want kids in the party so he can't go he can't go through and why not canceling the party. Not that it it was a that. He had stepped it skate it's skate three right next to the old now this of course you Matthew strip club a cup. Well it's not that far from Larry. Are at. Some time ago. That is former fantasy. Golf fans get your WEEI dot com had a question I mean we clarified why she never actually clarified the question is is the answer the original question just OX I hate being wrong. He said his first time on the show remembered being in here for an extended period but that's not what I was saying I don't think he was here when the show's start. I thought he jumped then we tagged out I tagged out. I remember him being here for an entire show when you couldn't be here remember him view anyway I don't was the traveling for I forget what it was but it was actually in the studio. Yeah British a lot of it sure was he was standing up railing and rave and rant against Jim writes. I'd argue they are not know he was ten feet away from the microphone not saying anything until she writes is named him. 6177797937. Is the phone every can Texan as well 37937. This is why we call it. I view you thought if I throw Everett right Friday as well wanted Wear anything comes up to coming back into I'd it's a guy like that ash. It's picked up I think nobody's spotted two. On Twitter to three and zero year old fry what does that give you says from the Buick gambling when you get a free roll. No wonder our show was canceled. Oh OK but you'll come back and how old bill will be here portrait. Alice city abuzz now Joseph on Twitter says muscles and radio hash tag free roll Friday it's the only that the only one response so far to the I have time I want to give you credit when you have good ideas and I think it's a good idea. The good idea how to be here as a copycat of I don't style trial I introduced sitting there on your couch thinking. Have to have a different patched now what that's what we'll be forbidden in it and free role came when you're ahead of us. We what every guy that we can do better than that so I'm not I'm not gonna put tariffs on too bad the development by last Friday show of the as good a year as a might million shares sponsored. The parents I mean I feel like I should be part of this decision. You if you like what was something else rob you're welcome to you that you quite frankly looking back you and Lonnie you be here much more on Fridays and that's true in the last. Billy two months I called him being that last for no. Was last Friday called and Gilani talked about Bobby Valentine was a Friday. Of the Bobby V news broke last week yeah blast try to distort him that it was talked about sort of the winner me yes. Yes yes like called pipe and not Val bella doesn't lose its chorus calling gonna send China and Japan to war that little less that was. That's going to happen now convinced that was a response. I can see Bobby Valentine's standing at the border. Holding up a hand in each direction. Saying peace people please let that was staged photo of him in order way. Yes and holly did the issue I would have scares we agreed agreed agreed the other night that Bobby Valentine would be great ambassador this is what he was born to do. The problem is if you get into a really tricky predicament like that. His history is it's he's narco real there and he's gonna cut a push at Ford well you know. Did mark my Lanston did Marc Galanter did you know was he was really throwing them the what the pages that I wanted to throw. Mark Ralitsa we've throwing the what are you talking about. You always was the Kevin Youkilis. Always advancing it always pushing at Ford always putting the gas on so when China's coming in and they say something the gas is coming on. And it's only gonna get worse but if you like about likes the spotlight so whatever can put him back in the spotlight he will be fan of that in the media com yeah but you know Bridget I don't think you get what I'm saying I win the biggest big difference between Tito. It even Ferrell and Bobby Valentine thought this was what of this is the biggest difference was in Boston you have to have the ability to real stuff written. But it suddenly comes out the controversy comes out real then. It would Bobbie it Oilers. It wasn't reloaded it. At this it was pushed no he threw gasoline on a. Virus that Steve Burton that that night was that I don't know or the U cliffs. Was it normally receive overseen a that I also on the night before what's up with Kevin yeah I was not playing with passion and Daniel the next day today at Pretoria stuff afterwards minutes. That the that a successful coaches and managers here in town. Have had that ability structured baseball and football I mentioned Ferrell and Valentine and were talking earlier about. Michael Floyd and you're coming out July. In that ballot check you go to his track record of what could have become stories weather was. Bledsoe Brady. Aaron Hernandez. Tim Tebow. Rob none of the stuff affects the team negatively Regis he just. As the media by the balls he'd beaten down so much that they know what the answer is Ian again. It's about next week about that opponent and so they don't harp on it yet maybe one day out of what could be four or five day story. And that's all she wrote and be right Valentine's the act opposite in bella check on me it's a lot fleet 180 the law. Easier to do in football that it is baseball you would agree was that because baseball there's a lot more access it's every single day. Dan. And you have you have access to the players you have axis of manager that day. That okay you're clueless he says this stuff Youkilis is missing gladiator as he should be the night before. The next day that it was because it was patriots day at 8 o'clock in the morning where activity with his locker B vaccines to him we have Dustin Pedroia is not how we do things a year maybe they do in Japan that way but not here. Like that doesn't happen with the patriots. And yes so but that's why I thought Hedo especially would really really do about it. Well a erected the access part of it I never take into account because with the patriots. You go down there ever electoral everyone sits in the in the same. Stare role. Little press conference area for bella check. And it won't shuffles in and some pages players aren't there that dating and sort high that he and into a good job hiding guys and rookies are gonna talk and then the guys that do talk. Killing guys is any of Martellus Bennett so you EU. Everyone's getting the same story essentially were his baseball and you've talked about this you'll wanna talk to guidance he can walk up nobody else there. All the guys side and you're gonna get what you wanna write about knowing you're not the most part not gonna get a patriots. PR candidates and their orders believe me the Red Sox would low low low low. For to be like the patriots. An end to a certain degree I think they've tried to be they have it was always like that I always the public rarely can tell us liked it. Aaron McKie you know like that they were the headlines and they were the major topic on Sports Radio for a wells also changed by ahead of the patriot he's and he's also changed it's also look at some of the things have come up. In the last couple years it would. But he dark about where the Q2 1003 the era of the chasing Steinbrenner no I mean. Probable symbols are to get busted forensic Graham in the in the news in the bathroom stall back that there's a lot more to real Lynn. And if news business tool Mark Jackson asked this to the season's too long. If you just can't do it the Red Sox have tried to do this if the rookie development program they tell on this has value after dark and believe me. In a lot of cases veered toward a good job give these guys are boring. When they come out of most of them they are born in the arch framed well but ultimately. When you start getting the money you start get a little bit of freedom you start a little more access to around the guys a little bit more. You say it's up the teams are alike too much well because especially run the competitive nature of the two because. If there are so many outlets trying to get whatever they think everything that story as well as stories relevant or not. Or you're trying to fill in Opel is trying to write a sidebar. And so you are constantly. You know that I act I I for a long comment a boy I want you beat writer grown up this being great but. It chasing that it's it's that it's the mouse in the wheel for six months a year. Well especially in that sport and it's not only is startling that used to be you have to have a story every day in net news. Still the case. But now off not only you have to have a story every day. What you have to have almost a salacious story every day you have to have something. That it's it's not just hey you know he's really throwing a split split finger fastball 90% more this year which. I do we are so you could probably get away with that let's yours isn't and now you need eight you said of salacious story I would. Changes say don't yet have a collectible story yes equitable life at somebody's going to have a solid Evan relic sends out whatever. Stop he's right that day if it's it's gotta be because they can't say tickets via the record. I skinny yet he'd be hit the not is. It has to be something that is worth it because it in an editor's not going to. Care about the content but it better be something worthy of people lined click on a daily and we see it all the time where we see it all the time where as somebody. Organization wants to. You know. So I'll writers that I got a really good story well. We got this video of so and so it's going to be clicked on a lot more spend your time I knew what organization. That. Told the were told their writers to go win. And basically don't worry about Terry Francona. At all. When asked about whatever and Kim Kardashian always sort of fall back asked about how they feel about Kim Kardashian. I mean there's roast recovering. The he'd. And that's so it but that's an extreme case but it's sort of along those lines and even when you get these stories. That week that you just report you have to change it a little bit so you get the clicked right yeah it's all about the fire the editor. I don't know I just I I feel like in the last eighteen months especially. You notice that it has. The headlines are being pushed it yet as so be it they almost don't care about the contact it's the headline. That I get back clicked and I go back to an advertiser NCC how many. Page views this story guy trots all papers anymore. The undated the paper industry essentially is dads on the physical paper. Opera better for now it is probably country and if you have a terrible what's like The Herald does I don't care what relic writes I don't care what passed up. Click on a website because the the format sucks well you try to get everything on that once they kick they think sorry Ed Jeff Allen company that. Take the sites well. Lots and so it went so when your site is no fault of them but when you're sites socks because of that whatever of the two men he had to whatever. That makes it even more important that you have to have whatever it's being tweeted out I have to really really be something. And a half's we talk about headlines is yes or no the headline now is more important than the story yet up for me. It's gotta be this as a reader. I'm saying you know it's by five enough people robbed about what the headlines. To be fair if you view. And then a hand and Jerry are all tweeting about the I'm gonna go back and read XP you guys people are Specter talking about for an editor. I got believe is going to click who cares the story I don't care what you wrote I think clay where you Brad they cannot collect the award to where you read Jerry writes I'll talk to them or use a writer you want to be. Red and now you can. Fair or not it's not how it papers to sell its how many clicks and a column you you should web sites that's all the time you could tell me right now. What's being read right now a UP appear when you like that I'm sure our red on WLI dot com or other people that dogs you write a story and your like. I think that's gonna get red and does get right so what you do what you should do is like Buck Showalter. Telling them not to give up on a pitcher until he changes his arm slot you change the headline. And and I've seen him many times you change headline all of a sudden people saying hey that's a pretty good story well it's it's funny because and I've zero details how this works but it's clear there are places in town like NASA dot com. They just write stories that are going to be searched community is whether it's a web search tool whether it's the did did the trick of the trade now. But the headlines are all like this big bland basic thing you know always gonna get search and comes up as the first thing. When you go to Google and that's now I don't I don't want is to. Deep dive in this search engine and we already have no weak but. Our law Roddy rot audience and those new citizens lose the TV perfect example this and I brought that somewhere in educating young minds over at northeastern a couple of weeks ago. And which is the Huffington Post the Huffington Post had a headline. That said something the effect how Bernie Sanders can still become president. You click on it and the story was. Basically British theaters can't still become a that. About Joseph okay. Oh it's an average exactly. That's the big market geez it's on your TV era TV coming up. A Christmas a Christmas so I hope that will kill your child like that's the it's it's the old SNL skit will tomorrow smoke kill you find out after the break coming up something in your kitchen that might actually make you shorter but that net LA and that what. That's it that's the new way of land on the new way it's TV wade doing yet and and obviously now with it click to eat is the the term for rob. Which you are guilty of time and time again WE yeah dot com that's not especially Ryan Hannibal. Reduced tax have been bio it said. The that was the best 710 to 730 radio in the history of Friday night new gal thing to write Hannibal 61777979837. The phone a pricey Erica employment. What's not but the patriots running game we I want what I click on that I would not click on the that that subject line Rennie pats run game all right so we can have jet. Talk to off the air again and try to get make it something more separation sell sell that phone call to a so we wanna take it yet all right. They'll have threatened does in my wrong this pats run game it is kind of generic. It was in. So so I look at so public in that order things from driving in traffic. It into the picnic oh Jack good job good work what all that line now as well as six in the pats running game there you ago. I wanna clip I wanna hear what Eric implement have to say about we will hear from Eric in all your calls here until 10 o'clock at 617779. 798373. Year old Friday Iran's Sports Radio WE yeah. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ty Anderson01/06/17 01:49 pm EST If Gabriel Landeskog is out there, [..] - Ty Anderson01/06/17 01:49 pm EST If Gabriel Landeskog is out there, Bruins have no excuse not to make trade If Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog is truly available and the Bruins are truly [..] + Ryan Hannable01/06/17 10:54 am EST This year is different: Patriots [..] - Ryan Hannable01/06/17 10:54 am EST This year is different: Patriots can reach Super Bowl without Rob [..] FOXBORO -- Rob Gronkowski has been a member of the Patriots for seven seasons. In those [..] + Rob Bradford01/05/17 10:22 pm EST The real lesson learned from [..] - Rob Bradford01/05/17 10:22 pm EST The real lesson learned from Bomani, Jake and Izzy? Be wrong, then move on Whatever happened to people caring about being right? Or how about simply caring? This [..] + Christopher Price01/05/17 11:09 am EST ‘Cool’ world: Martellus [..] - Christopher Price01/05/17 11:09 am EST ‘Cool’ world: Martellus Bennett makes his pitch to stick with Patriots FOXBORO — The analogy was too great to pass up. Martellus Bennett, an unrestricted [..] + Ryan Hannable01/04/17 09:53 pm EST Almost 1 year following synthetic [..] - Ryan Hannable01/04/17 09:53 pm EST Almost 1 year following synthetic marijuana incident, Bill Belichick proven [..] Almost exactly a year ago this weekend, Chandler Jones had his worst moment as a member [..] + Christopher Price01/04/17 01:24 pm EST 10 questions about Patriots [..] - Christopher Price01/04/17 01:24 pm EST 10 questions about Patriots heading into postseason FOXBORO — The playoffs are looming. You’ve got questions about the Patriots. [..] + Green Street01/06/17 07:27 pm EST Pregame Friday: Celtics look for [..] - Green Street01/06/17 07:27 pm EST Pregame Friday: Celtics look for guys like Jae Crowder with ‘chips on their shoulders’, Tyler Zeller out the weekend Listening to Brad Stevens before Friday's game with the Sixers and you get the [..] + It Is What It Is01/06/17 06:40 pm EST Poll: Who do you want the Patriots [..] - It Is What It Is01/06/17 06:40 pm EST Poll: Who do you want the Patriots to meet in the divisional round? + It Is What It Is01/06/17 06:12 pm EST Tom Brady will indeed join new [..] - It Is What It Is01/06/17 06:12 pm EST Tom Brady will indeed join new social media platform Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, or MySpace? That is what Tom Brady will be [..] + It Is What It Is01/06/17 05:38 pm EST Multiple reported fines coming [..] - It Is What It Is01/06/17 05:38 pm EST Multiple reported fines coming from Week 17’s Patriots-Dolphins game Some players' wallets are a little lighter after last Sunday's [..] + Big Bad Blog01/06/17 02:32 pm EST Bruins assign forward Noel Acciari [..] - Big Bad Blog01/06/17 02:32 pm EST Bruins assign forward Noel Acciari to Providence Bruins The Bruins will have an empty seat on their flight down to Florida for the [..] + It Is What It Is01/06/17 01:47 pm EST Patriots competed with each other [..] - It Is What It Is01/06/17 01:47 pm EST Patriots competed with each other on field during bye week: ‘Practice gets a little crazy’ FOXBORO - With the benefit of a first-round bye, the Patriots don't have an [..] + Red Sox12/28/16 10:49 pm EST Tim Raines was a great player -- [..] - Red Sox12/28/16 10:49 pm EST Tim Raines was a great player -- here's why I'm not voting him for Hall of Fame Let's just get this out of the way: I'm not voting for Tim Raines. I didn't make the decision [..] + Red Sox 12/22/16 03:41 pm EST Curt Schilling should be in Hall [..] - Red Sox 12/22/16 03:41 pm EST Curt Schilling should be in Hall of Fame, even if he offends you, end of story Each Hall of Fame ballot contains difficult choices. Edgar Martinez is one of the best hitters [..] + Patriots01/06/17 10:54 am EST This year is different: Patriots [..] - Patriots01/06/17 10:54 am EST This year is different: Patriots can reach Super Bowl without Rob Gronkowski FOXBORO -- Rob Gronkowski has been a member of the Patriots for seven seasons. In those seven [..] + Patriots 01/05/17 11:09 am EST ‘Cool’ world: Martellus [..] - Patriots 01/05/17 11:09 am EST ‘Cool’ world: Martellus Bennett makes his pitch to stick with Patriots FOXBORO — The analogy was too great to pass up. Martellus Bennett, an unrestricted free [..] + Bruins01/06/17 01:49 pm EST If Gabriel Landeskog is out there, [..] - Bruins01/06/17 01:49 pm EST If Gabriel Landeskog is out there, Bruins have no excuse not to make trade If Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog is truly available and the Bruins are truly interested, [..] + Celtics11/29/16 05:29 pm EST Al Horford made right decision to [..] - Celtics11/29/16 05:29 pm EST Al Horford made right decision to see his kid's birth -- is this really a thing? Of all the people to criticize Al Horford for skipping a Celtics game to witness the birth of [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 17 December 2016 Lower CEO pay equates to higher shareholder rewards by james saft Comparative returns: Excluding the top 17 outliers, like Apple, an investor who put money between 2006 and 2015 in the lowest quintile by CEO pay would have beaten those who held those firms in the top quintile by 39 in total return terms. – Reuters Comment INVESTORS would be better off sticking with firms which pay their chief executives less, according to a new study. Excluding the top 17 outliers, like Apple, an investor who put money between 2006 and 2015 in the lowest quintile by CEO pay would have beaten those who held those firms in the top quintile by 39% in total return terms, according to data from index and analysis firm MSCI. This puts into sharper relief one of the chief mysteries of shareholder capitalism: why long-term investors like pension funds fail to hold the companies they own accountable for the massive expansion of executive pay. “Even after adjusting for company size and sector, companies with lower total summary CEO pay levels more consistently displayed higher long-term investment returns,” Ric Marshall and Linda-Eling Lee of MSCI wrote in the October report. “Long-term institutional investors typically bear the cost of this misalignment, yet they have routinely approved CEO pay packages. Closer scrutiny of the relationship between CEO pay and performance over longer time periods could lead to different conclusions.” Looking at 429 large-capitalisation US companies which cumulatively paid out almost US$46bil to CEOs over the period, the study found that 10-year returns to the lowest quintile of CEO pay were US$367 for every US$100 invested, against just US$264 for those in the highest fifth. Executives at the largest capitalisation firms in the US made an average of US$15.5mil in compensation in 2015, according to data from the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), 276 times the pay of the average employee. Average CEO pay has increased more than ninefold since 1978, outpacing the stock market’s advance by 73%. And while CEO pay fell by 3.2% last year, according to the EPI, that was driven not by lower awards but a stock-market-driven decline in the value of options granted. It is this levering of pay to the stock market which has been in part behind the huge expansion in executive pay over the past generation, a trend which itself is the poison fruit of a bad idea: the efficient market hypothesis. Efficient markets? In assuming that the market is the best judge of value, pay consultants linked compensation to shares, but did it by granting options. While the value of options is tied to the stock market, it is for executives a one-way bet: if shares go up the CEO wins, if they fall she does not lose. This has also gone hand-in-hand with both shorter tenures among CEOs and arguably a more short-term focus, points argued by James Montier of GMO in 2014. This in turn has very likely been a factor in the dearth of capital investment by firms. Why make an investment with an excellent 10-year payoff if you will only be in office for six years? Why indeed if your stock option horizon is only five years? A comprehensive 2009 study by Michael Cooper of the University of Utah, Huseyin Gulen of Purdue and Raghavendra Rau of Cambridge University found CEO pay is actually negatively related to future shareholder gains for periods of up to five years. Companies whose CEO pay is in the top 10% actually underperform peers by about 13% over five years, according to the study. Outside of executives, boards and the pay consultants who advise them, very few people seem happy with this state of affairs. A recent survey of UK pension funds found that 87% believe executives at UK-listed companies are paid too much. And this is in the UK, where CEO pay is about half what it is in the US. In the studies on executive pay there are, broadly, two theories on why higher-paying companies underperform. The first is that investors see high pay as a signal of high performance and drive up the price of equity to a level where subsequent returns are disappointing. This seems, at last to me, highly unlikely. The second is that higher pay is a sign of agency problems, the abusive use of company treasure for personal gain by insiders. This is where I’d put my money. With many studies expecting lower-than-usual overall returns over the coming decade, perhaps only 5 or 6 percent a year for a typical balanced portfolio, investors have good reason to push hard on pay. Perhaps they should start by voting with their feet, going long less generous companies and short the ones which hand out big pay packets. – Reuters Tags / Keywords: James Saft Related Stories More women on boards = higher dividend Call it what you like, ECB is tapering and with good reason Huge increase in economic policy possibility When politics blinded hedge fund managers The too high price of self-determination for Britain You May Be Interested Five new innovations for a better nights sleep MyEG secures another big job The powerful RM100mil men of the ministries Quality homes below RM400k Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Consumer groups want traders to provide alternatives for plastic bags Others Also Read Stop promotion as commercial carrier, Ritz Airlines warned Nigeria militants say readying fighters to hit 'enemy' in Niger Delta - statement Court overturns decision in trans man’s case Property Related advertisement Latest News Notable local business news on Friday, Jan 6 Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Traders see more US rate hikes in 2017 after wage data US stocks, dollar recover ground after US jobs report Target real Aedes breeding grounds Most Viewed in Business Loob to seek legal advice on purported end to Chatime franchise pact Shahrir replaces Isa as Felda chairman BR-V expected to boost sales for Honda Malaysia KLCI best performer among key Asian markets, firm ringgit supports Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? MyEG secures another big job Ekovest joins Pan Borneo Highway project, JV work package worth RM2.1bil Hovid issues recall for Ternolol 50 hypertension tablets Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target AirAsia India offers to provide full info in India probe advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Irish Friday 6 January 2017 How an elite EU 'Maxforce' team went after Apple in €13bn tax case The inside story of the three-year probe spanning Dublin, Brussels and Cupertino Gaspard Sebag, Dara Doyle and Alex Webb Published 17/12/2016 | 02:30 0 Comments Share How an elite EU 'Maxforce' team went after Apple in €13bn tax case Independent.ie The ''Maxforce'' is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple last August, rattled the Government here and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn't. It's just led by a guy named Max. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/how-an-elite-eu-maxforce-team-went-after-apple-in-13bn-tax-case-35300990.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35284047.ece/154b7/AUTOCROP/h342/p6apple.jpg Email EU Commissioner Margrethe Vestager gestures during a news conference on Ireland’s tax dealings with Apple at the EC in Brussels in August Michael Noonan Apple's headquarters in Cork The ''Maxforce'' is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple last August, rattled the Government here and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn't. It's just led by a guy named Max. Share How an elite EU 'Maxforce' team went after Apple in €13bn tax case Independent.ie The ''Maxforce'' is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple last August, rattled the Government here and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn't. It's just led by a guy named Max. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/how-an-elite-eu-maxforce-team-went-after-apple-in-13bn-tax-case-35300990.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35284047.ece/154b7/AUTOCROP/h342/p6apple.jpg Email Go To Comments A European Commission official gave the nickname to the Task Force on Tax Planning Practices in honor of its chief, Max Lienemeyer, a lanky, laid-back German attorney who rose to prominence vetting plans to shore up struggling banks during Europe's debt crisis. Since its launch in 2013, the 'Maxforce' has looked at the tax status of hundreds of companies across Europe, including a deal Starbucks had in the Netherlands, Fiat Chrysler's agreement with Luxembourg, and - its largest case - Apple in Ireland. Lienemeyer's team of 15 international civil servants pursued a three-year investigation stretching from the corridors of the European Commission, to the Department of Finance here and on to Apple's leafy headquarters in Cupertino, California. It started when Max Lienemeyer began assembling the 'Maxforce' in late spring of 2013 with a mandate to scrutinise tax policies across Europe in search of any favouritism. Direct subsidies or tax breaks to court a specific company are illegal in the EU to prevent governments aiding national champions. His first hire - the person who would oversee the Apple probe - was Helena Malikova, a Slovak who had worked at Credit Suisse in Zurich. He quickly added Kamila Kaukiel, a Polish financial analyst who had been at KPMG, and Saskia Hendriks, a former tax policy adviser to the Dutch government. The team got a head start from a US Senate probe of the tax strategies of American multinationals. The Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said Apple shifted tens of billions of dollars in profit into stateless affiliates based in Ireland, where it secured a tax rate of less than 2pc. At 9:30 am on May 21, 2013, US senators gathered in Room 106 of the Dirksen Office Building, in Washington DC. Included in the evidence that day was a 2004 letter from Tom Connor, an official at Ireland's tax authority, to Ernst & Young, Apple's tax adviser. Connor's question: A unit of the tech company hadn't filed a tax return; Was it still in business? E&Y responded two days later that the division was a non-resident holding company with no real sales. "There is nothing to return from the corporation tax standpoint," E&Y wrote. The Senate exhibits didn't include Connor's response if there ever was one. Apple ceo Tim Cook complained about the fairness of the case. Photo: AP At the hearing, Arizona Republican John McCain castigated Apple as "one of the biggest tax avoiders in America." Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan peered over the glasses perched on the tip of his nose and said Apple used "offshore tax strategies whose purpose is tax avoidance, pure and simple". Crucially, though, Levin told the crowded room that under U.S. law, there was little the panel could do to force Apple to pay more tax. Apple ceo Tim Cook passionately defended its actions, telling the Senators: "We don't depend on tax gimmicks." The Senate revelations raised eyebrows at the 'Maxforce' office in Madou Tower, a 1960s high-rise in the rundown Saint-Josse neighborhood of Brussels. Three weeks after the Senate hearing, Lienemeyer's team asked Ireland for details of Apple's tax situation. Irish tax authorities dispatched a representative carrying a briefcase filled with a bundle of bound pages. The Irish could have simply sent the material via e-mail, but they were cautious about sharing taxpayer's information with the EU and have a ground rule to avoid leaks: never send such documents electronically. While the Irish Government remained bullish in its public statements, saying Apple hadn't received any favors, behind the scenes tensions were rising. Through the summer of 2013, the Department of Finance assured ministers that the EU investigation would amount to nothing, according to people familiar with the discussions. But those assertions seemed less confident than earlier communications. There was a sense that Apple had worked out its Irish tax position in a vastly different era, and no one remembered many details of the negotiations decades earlier. In 1980, the then four-year-old technology company created several Irish affiliates, each with a different function such as manufacturing or sales, according to the Senate report. Under Irish laws dating to the 1950s, as an export company Apple paid no taxes on overseas sales of products made in Ireland. To comply with European rules, that tax policy ended in 1990. After that, Apple and Ireland agreed that the profit attributed to a key Ireland-based unit, the division discussed in Tom Connor's letter, be capped using a complex formula that in 1990 would have resulted in a taxable profit of $30m to $40m. An Apple tax adviser "confessed there was no scientific basis" for those figures, but that the amounts would be "of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen as a bona-fide proposal", according to notes from a 1990 meeting with the Irish tax authority cited by the EU. The equation didn't change even as Apple began assembling the bulk of its products in Asia. Ireland and Apple started to make changes a few months after the 'Maxforce' began looking into their tax relationship. In October 2013, Finance Minister Noonan announced he would close the loophole that let stateless holding companies operate out of Ireland - and the EU says Apple changed the structure of its Irish units in 2015. As the 'Maxforce' stepped up its probe in June 2014, Taoiseach Enda Kenny was wooing potential investors in California. At a San Francisco event to promote Irish entrepreneurs, Governor Jerry Brown quipped that he had thought Apple "was a California company", but according to tax returns, "they're really an Irish company". News clips show Irish officials looking on stony-faced at his joke. With Lienemeyer's team digging further into the issue, Apple's concern deepened. In January 2016, the company's Tim Cook met Margrethe Vestager, the EU Competition Commissioner and Lienemeyer's ultimate boss, on the 10th-floor of the Berlaymont building, headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels. Vestager, a daughter of two Lutheran pastors, has a reputation for being even-handed but tough, cutting unemployment benefits while advocating strict new rules for banks when she served as Denmark's finance minister. While she has acknowledged that her EU team had little experience with tax rulings - in a November interview with France's 'Society' magazine, she said, "We learned on the job" - Vestager says enforcement of EU rules on taxation is a matter of "fairness." In the meeting with Cook she quizzed him on the tax Apple paid in various jurisdictions worldwide. She told the Apple executives that "someone has to tax you", according to a person present at the meeting. In a January 25 follow-up letter obtained by Bloomberg, Cook thanked Vestager for a "candid and constructive exchange of views", and reasserted that Apple's earnings are "subject to deferred taxation in the US until those profits are repatriated". Subsequent correspondence became more heated. On March 14, Cook wrote to Vestager that he had "concerns about the fairness of these proceedings". The Commission had failed to explain fully the basis on which Apple was being investigated, and the body's approach was characterised by "inconsistency and ambiguity", he said. Apple contended that the EU had backtracked on a 2014 decision recognising that its two Irish subsidiaries were not technically resident in Ireland, and therefore only liable for taxes on profits derived from Irish sources. Now, Cook said, it seemed the Commission was intent on "imposing a massive, retroactive tax on Apple by attributing to the Irish branches all of Apple's global profits outside the Americas". "There is no inconsistency," an EU spokesman said in a December 15 statement. Only a fraction of the profits of the subsidiaries were taxed in Ireland, the statement said. "As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules." Cook's entreaties did little to sway Vestager, and in August she phoned Noonan to tell him the results of the 'Maxforce' investigation: The Commission was going to rule against Ireland. Late in the afternoon of August 29, Irish officials began hinting to reporters that Apple's tax bill amounted to billions and "could be anything". At noon the following day, Vestager told a packed press conference in Brussels that the Commission had decided Apple owed Ireland €13bn. The 'Maxforce' had concluded that Ireland allowed Apple to create stateless entities that effectively let it decide how much -- or how little -- tax it pays. The EU investigators say the company channeled profits from dozens of countries through two Ireland- based units. In a system at least tacitly endorsed by Irish authorities, earnings were split, with the vast majority attributed to a "head office" with no employees and no specific home base - and therefore liable to no tax on any profits from sales outside Ireland. The US, meanwhile, didn't tax the units because they're incorporated in Ireland. The €13bn Apple bill would be equivalent to 26pc of the entire national budget for 2015. But Ireland didn't want the windfall, saying the ruling was flawed because the country hadn't given Apple any special treatment. The decision sparked a political crisis as left-leaning members of Enda Kenny's coalition saw a potential bonanza for taxpayers that the world's richest company could well afford. Even as Noonan toured television studios vowing to appeal the decision, some Independent TDs demanded that he take the money. Facing a potential revolt, Kenny and Noonan eventually bowed to demands for a review of the corporate tax system here. But they said they would fight the Apple case, and on September 7, the Dail overwhelmingly backed the motion for an appeal. Officials from Lienemeyer's team and other EU offices say they have gathered tax information on about 300 companies, looking for what they deem to be favourable treatment by governments across Europe. While they don't expect all of those to yield payoffs as hefty as that from their investigation of Ireland and Apple, they say a worrying number require maximum force from the 'Maxforce'. "We focus on outliers where you're looking at something that is off the radar screen," Lienemeyer's boss, 50-year-old Dutchman Gert-Jan Koopman, who is in charge of state-aid enforcement, said at a Brussels conference in November. "If you're paying a fair amount of tax then there is absolutely nothing to worry about." Though the EU says its goal is "to ensure equal treatment of companies" across Europe, Apple maintains that the Commission selectively targeted the company. With the ruling, the EU is "retroactively changing the rules and choosing to disregard decades of Irish law",and its investigators don't understand the differences between European and US tax systems, Apple said. Apple says its Irish units paid the parent company a licensing fee to use the intellectual property in its products. The Irish companies didn't own the IP, so they don't owe tax on it in Ireland, but will face a US tax bill when they repatriate the profits. "This case has never been about how much tax Apple pays, it's about where our tax is paid," the company said. "We pay tax on everything we earn." Ireland has appealed the Commission's ruling at the EU General Court in Luxembourg, arguing it has given Apple no special treatment. "Look at the small print" on an iPhone, Michael Noonan said after the EU released its ruling in August. "It says designed in California, manufactured in China. That means any profits that accrued didn't accrue in Ireland, so I can't see why the tax liability is in Ireland." In the coming weeks, the EU is expected to publish details of the 'Maxforce' investigation. At the same time, Apple will lodge its appeal in the EU court. Though Apple will have to pay its tax bill within weeks, the money will be held in escrow, and the issue will probably take years to resolve. A 'Maxforce' representative declined to make Lienemeyer available for an interview. The Revenue Commissioners here say they can't comment on specific companies. (Bloomberg) Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Read More What it says in the papers: business pages  Independent.ie Business Desk Here are the main business stories from this morning's papers: Irish engineering group back in profit despite tough market conditions  Gordon Deegan Cork-based engineering group Kentech returned to profit in 2015 to record pre-tax profits of $11.28m (€10.64m). Irish loan-buyer tipped to take over Portugal's Novo Banco  Donal O'Donovan US-based Lone Star is the leading candidate to buy Novo Banco, the bank carved out of collapsed Banco Espirito Santo, Portugal's central bank said in a statement. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Decision on whether KBC will exit the Irish market due on February 9  Irish Ex-Coke boss puts fizz back into Dublin's CHQ building with new microbrewery  Irish Low-cost carriers soar as flying's old order is toppled  Irish A great grandmother has been praying to a Lord of the Rings figure thinking it was...  Trending Gardaí arrest delivery driver with no NCT who was delivering a spice box with 'extra...  Irish News Local concern as Roscommon village to house 80 refugees in restored hotel  Irish News Terrified shoppers attacked as 250 gang rivals battle in Facebook-staged street riot  Irish News Boy (14) arrested in relation to fatal 'frenzied' stab attack of Reece (16)  Irish News Local concern as Roscommon village to house 80 refugees in restored hotel Pictured: The four people charged over 'sickening' attack streamed on Facebook Try telling children from broken homes divorce is compassionate Calls for more gardai to stop gangs after city Facebook mob mayhem Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business What it says in the papers: business pages Here are the main business stories from this morning's papers: Irish engineering group back in profit despite tough market conditions Cork-based engineering group Kentech returned to... Irish loan-buyer tipped to take over Portugal's Novo Banco US-based Lone Star is the leading candidate to buy Novo Banco, the bank carved out of... 'Apprentice' winner aims to open Irish clinic as revenues soar Revenues at the cosmetic skincare clinics operated by Irish... Services sector's fastest growth rise in six months Increased customer demand from home and abroad helped push growth in the services... Inflation may yet cast a shadow over UK's post-Brexit bonanza Britain's economy retained its momentum through the... Ballymore's UK profits down as revenues soar Pre-tax profits at the UK arm of Sean Mulryan's Ballymore Developments last year... Stocks flat as insurers weigh on market European shares closed flat yesterday after recent strong gains, with insurers... New startups pass 20,000 in 'robust recovery' The number of new startup companies in Ireland has risen past the 20,000 mark... Brexit, tariffs and The Donald - brace yourself as our economy faces interesting... From Brexit to Donald Trump, 2016 threw us some... WATCH: Once you hear the tune on this African TV ad for Kerrygold you wont be able to get it out of your head VIDEO: 'Every strategy is dependent upon execution - or it will fail' WATCH: 'What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?' - Lisa Nichols WATCH: Car of the future - Check out the most teched out car you've ever seen The Chrysler Portal Concept has been designed... VIDEO - Focus on these key tasks to propel you towards your business goals faster Video: 'If you're not clear about your target customer, you're playing pin the tail on the donkey' VIDEO: 'I just jumped on her one day' - Watch unconventional cowgirl... 18 year-old Hannah Simpson from Invercargill,... WATCH: Check out all the best technology highlights of 2016 A look at the best and most memorable technology of 2016. Apple released... VIDEO: Take a look behind the scenes of the magical Christmas story at Dundrum Shopping Centre VIDEO: Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg reveals Iron Man-style AI system installed in... Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has revealed his... From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... Another Brexit as ambassador bids farewell British ambassador to Ireland Dominick Chilcott, who warned during the UK... By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go
Business Home LBoard COMMENT How often are children abused in hostels? Mariam Mokhtar Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple can sell iPhone 7s in Indonesia after R&D investment commitment AFP | December 17, 2016 Indonesia, a promising smartphone market where Apple has trailed some rivals, has stipulated that starting from January 2017, all 4G handsets sold there must have a local content of at least 30 percent. JAKARTA: Apple Inc has committed to invest around $44 million in a research and development center in Indonesia over the next three years, a senior government official said, enabling it to start selling its latest iPhone 7 in the Southeast Asian nation. That rule can be met in terms of hardware, software or an investment commitment. Apple received a “local content certification” in November, I Gusti Putu Suryawirawan, director-general for metal, machines, transport equipments and electronics at the industry ministry, said in a text message. “Apple has committed around $44 million to invest in R&D over three years,” Suryawirawan said. “Therefore, they can distribute devices priced 6 million rupiah ($448) and above. That means all iPhones can be distributed.” An Apple spokeswoman declined to confirm the investment figure, but pointed to an announcement last year that the US tech company had committed to build an iOS App Development Center in Indonesia. Apple has an uphill battle in the country of 250 million people, which has a young, internet-savvy demographic that is among the world’s biggest users of social media. In the second quarter of this year, South Korea’s Samsung led with a 26 percent share of Indonesia’s smartphone market by sales volume, trailed by China’s OPPO with 19 percent, according to research firm IDC. Both Samsung and OPPO have factories in Indonesia. OPPO’s army of sales representatives, advertising blitz and middle-end pricing have propelled it to no. 2 in Indonesia within just three years. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Indonesia says Google tax settlement offer too small, no deal this year PBB dapat laporan harian Rohingya dibunuh, dirogol di Myanmar ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Termination of franchise: Chatime operator in Malaysia to… MAS plane with Malaysian politicians turns back to KLIA Rat in 7-Eleven food warmer ‘self-contained, no… Saya campak duit RM1 juta, kata Jamal Najib rebranding himself, says The Economist DBKL denies RM1,500 fee to clean grease traps too high Genting Sempah tunnel to close for 60 days during daytime Pesawat bawa ahli politik berpatah balik sebab isu… Sheikh Muszaphar seeking new frontiers with AladdinStreet Time for MACC to be independent, says Amanah leader ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Tak payah beri pilihan, laksana sahaja DLP How often are children abused in hostels? Why clamp cars parked within designated lots? ‘Perception is reality’ whether we like it or not Fines not enough to deter road traffic offenders BR1M goes deep, doesn’t just scratch the surface More... FMT Bahasa Tak payah beri pilihan, laksana saja DLP MH370: Makin buntu, siasatan terhadap kru, penumpang ‘negatif’ Sudah tiba masanya SPRM bebas, kata pemimpin Amanah Ramai warga Felda hebat, kenapa tak pilih, soal Anak Tikus: Pemanas 7-Eleven tutup rapat tak perlu infestasi Pesawat bawa ahli politik berpatah balik sebab isu keselamatan More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Major Problem With General Motors' New All-Electric Bolt Unless General Motors improves the maximum charging rate for its Bolt, road trips in the new electric vehicle could be downright frustrating. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Dec 16, 2016 at 7:41PM Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has long been known as an early adopter willing to give new products a shot early in their lifecycles. Unsurprisingly, he has been a vocal owner of a Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) Model S -- perhaps the geekiest car on the planet. And in September, Wozniak said on Facebook he would be switching to General Motors' (NYSE:GM) new all-electric Chevrolet Bolt when it came out. Chevrolet Bolt. Image source: General Motors. General Motors was certainly happy about Woz's decision. In a November press conference at the LA Auto Show about the Bolt, the company highlighted Wozniak's decision to switch to a Bolt, showing a slide saying, "Apple co-founder ditching Tesla." Woz's decision to buy the Bolt signaled just how compelling the Bolt was, even to early adopters. But now that the Bolt is here, Wozniak has changed his mind, instead buying an additional Model S.  What happened? Woz is concerned about the feasibility of the vehicle on road trips, he said on Facebook this week. While Wozniak's story represents the opinion of only one person, it highlights a major problem with the new Bolt: Its maximum charging rate is too slow. Woz bolts on the Bolt... for now "I'm concerned about how it would work on our favored road trips," Wozniak said about the Bolt on Facebook. "So far, Tesla's the only game in town for that." Wozniak was likely referring to how much longer it will take to charge a Bolt. The 50-kilowatt charge the Bolt can handle is well below the 120 kW of power that a Model S can handle. To be fair, Wozniak is still considering the Bolt, he said on Facebook. "It had a lot of things nicer about it than the Tesla," he noted. But General Motors might have to improve the Bolt's charging speed first. Tesla Superchargers span major highways in the U.S. Western Europe, and China. Image source: The Motley Fool. The Bolt's website details the Bolt's charge rate: "Bolt EV offers DC Fast Charging capability, which provides up to 90 miles of range in about 30 minutes of charge time." Going further, General Motors boldly asserts that, "By the time you finish a cup of coffee, you'll be powered up and so will your Bolt EV." But this description doesn't truly capture what the charging experience will be like for Bolt owners. With over 200 miles of range, Bolt owners will likely charge at home for their daily driving. So the most likely situation in which Bolt owners would need to stop to charge would be when they are traveling long distances. And on road trips, Bolt owners will likely want to charge more than 90 miles, so they should probably plan for a long dinner instead of a coffee -- a full charge will take about two hours. Will this impact demand? It's possible Wozniak would have never considered the Bolt in the first place if he had been aware of how slowly the Bolt would charge. As Electrek points out, GM hadn't actually confirmed the Bolt's maximum charging rate at the time. Given that the Bolt uses a 60 kilowatt-hour battery -- a battery capacity Tesla has used in its vehicles before -- buyers would assume the Bolt could handle a charging rate as powerful as a Model S can. But according to General Motors' website, the Bolt charge is much slower than a Tesla vehicle. For comparison, a Model S's 120 kW charge can deliver about 170 miles of range in around 30 minutes. Chevrolet Bolt. Image source: General Motors. Sure, the Bolt's $37,500 price tag is much lower than the Model S's $68,000 starting price, helping justify its much slower charging rate. But there's no reason Tesla's $35,000 Model 3, which the electric-car maker plans to begin delivering by the end of next year, won't be able to match the Model S's charging rate. As Bolt customers recognize this flaw with General Motors' newest technology, Woz might not be the only Chevrolet customer bolting. Daniel Sparks owns shares of AAPL, FB, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL, FB, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Dec 16, 2016 at 7:41PM Industrials Stocks General Motors NYSE:GM $35.99 down $0.40 (-1.10%) Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $229.01 up $2.26 (1.00%) Read More Tesla's New Autopilot Is "Days" From Release Tesla Motors Inc.'s Misses Are Habitual, but So Is Its Mind-Boggling Growth How General Motors Just Stepped Up Its Self-Driving Efforts 2 Big Winners in Consumer Reports' Owner Satisfaction Survey Will Elon Musk Really Build a Tunnel Boring Company? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 1 Major Problem With General Motors' New All-Electric Bolt #stocks $GM, $TSLA
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides CES 2017 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 MacBook Pro iOS 10.2 News Is Apple working on an iPhone that's supposed to bend? Is Apple working on an iPhone that's supposed to bend? By Parker Wilhelm Mobile phones   A flexible iPhone could be on the way Shares It's still hard to tell exactly what Apple has up its sleeve for the next iPhone, but it appears the company stay flexible for its next series of handsets - literally. LG Displays has allegedly struck a deal with Apple to produce out-foldable OLED panels for the Cupertino-based tech giant, according to reports from etnews.  This, combined with rumors of Apple considering OLED screens on some models of its supposed iPhone 8 - as well as potentially playing with idea of a curved screen - paint an interesting picture of what form the company's flagship phones could look like in the coming years. LG patented a prototype for a foldable, translucent tablet display earlier this year, while competitor Samsung has made considerable strides in the field with a foldable phone that could potentially release next year.  It was unclear this particular patent of LG's is what caught Apple's eye, though the report mentions that the purchased prototype's technical performance was "significantly high." No more bent 'sets Apple isn't the only company interested in folding displays. The same report also mentions the likes of Microsoft and Google getting in on LG's screens, which are expected to begin mass production in 2018. Following the iPhone 6 Plus' 'scandal' with being susceptible to unwanted bending, Apple has reportedly been interested in making a flexible handset for a while now.  As is always the case, these reports don't translate to a direct confirmation - especially with a company that keeps its cards as close to its chest as Apple - it's looking more and more likely that the iPhone of the future will look completely different. The best iPhone 7 Plus cases of 2016 Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR Parker Wilhelm Parker Wilhelm is a freelance writer for TechRadar. He likes to tinker in Photoshop and talk people's ears off about how great Persona 4 is. Related news The 10 best wireless routers of 2016 Nintendo NES Classic is coming back to Best Buy, but you'll need to act fast Samsung Gear VR 3 could be the HoloLens you can actually afford DirecTV Now: What it is and how it stacks up to Sling and PlayStation Vue See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Moto G4 is now even better thanks to Android Nougat update 2 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 The 10 best compact cameras in 2017 1 First look: Razer Project Valerie 2 Sony Bravia A1E review 3 Samsung's first gaming laptops are gorgeous and upgradable 4 HDMI 2.1 embraces the 8K HDR-filled future of television 5 iPhones could be getting a ‘theater mode’ so you can stay connected in the cinema TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple New report suggests Apple is working on a foldable iPhone Chris Smith BGR NewsDecember 17, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The iPhone 8 won’t be the first smartphone out there to feature a curved display, but it may convince more smartphone manufacturers to build similar devices in the future. Now, a new report from Korea indicates that Apple, Google and Microsoft are all looking to partner up with LG Display for OLED panels that aren’t just curved, but can be folded. Don't Miss: Amazon is letting people gift 3 months of Prime! Samsung Display is expected to be the leading supplier of OLED screens for the curved iPhone next year. But LG Display will compete with Samsung for Apple orders in 2018 when it’s expected to start mass-producing foldable OLED screens that could equip smartphones and tablets with curved displays, or devices that can be folded. According to Korean site ETNews, it’s confirmed that LG Display will mass-produce foldable displays for Apple, but also for other major industry players including Google and Microsoft. That’s certainly an interesting detail considering we haven’t seen any rumor to suggest Google’s future Pixel phones or Microsoft’s Surface-branded devices could feature foldable screens. It’s no secret that Google is going after iPhone customers with its Pixel design. Given that the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 are both expected to feature curved OLED displays, it’s likely that Google will also be interested in following suit, and improving the image quality at the same time. Microsoft, on the other hand, may use foldable displays for that mythical Surface phone we keep hearing about. Or the company could create foldable Surface tablets that could be utilized either as tablets or smartphones. It’s unclear at this time when Google and Microsoft might release devices with curved or foldable screens. If they’re waiting for LG’s new OLED display factories to come online, then it’s not going to be until sometime after next year. Samsung is the only company that can currently meet some of the curved OLED demand out there, but not all of it. That’s probably the reason why not all iPhone 8 models will get OLED screens next year. Apple is expected to eat plenty of Samsung’s OLED capacity in 2017, leaving little for its competitors. But rumors say that two out of its three handsets coming in 2017 will still use LCD screens, like every other iPhone released to date. Trending right now: Amazon just surprised everyone with the perfect last-minute holiday gift NES Classic Edition: Best Buy shares more details about upcoming availability A film student spied on everything a thief did with his stolen smartphone See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Excellent Value in Maryland’s #1 Selling Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 17, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 This week’s top stories: Apple removes MacBook ‘time remaining’ estimates, AirPods, iOS 10.2, Super Mario Run, Trump’s tech summit & more Jordan Kahn - Dec. 17th 2016 9:39 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Why Apple removed ‘time remaining’ estimates from macOS, AirPods go on sale, Apple releases iOS 10.2, Super Mario Run arrives on the App Store, and Tim Cook meets with Trump at the President-elect’s tech summit. We kick things off with our explainer on why Apple is removing ‘time remaining’ battery life estimates following MacBook Pro complaints. Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 along with iOS 10.2 and tvOS 10.1. And Nintendo’s new Super Mario Run game officially arrives in the App Store for all. Trump talks job creation, innovation, and more with Tim Cook and other executives at his tech summit. Apple’s new cord-free AirPods go on sale. And we go hands-on with Super Mario Run and Apple’s macOS 10.12.2 update in this week’s top videos. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Mac | Why Apple is removing ‘time remaining’ battery life estimates following MacBook Pro complaints Apple’s 10.12.2 update does not address MacBook Pro battery life, but yours could still improve Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 with new emoji, wallpapers, graphics & System Integrity Protection fixes How-To: macOS Sierra 10.12.2 removes your battery’s estimated time remaining, here’s how to get it back iPhone | AirPods Apple releases iOS 10.2 w/ new emoji, Messages effects, US-only TV app, wallpapers, more Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 for developers to test on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch Apple AirPods now available to buy for $159, delivers as soon as Monday 19 [update] How-To: Keep AirPods in your ears during physical activity with this $10 accessory Download iOS 10.2 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus marketing wallpaper pack iPhone 7 BOGO deal returns to AT&T, T-Mobile offering switchers free DirecTV Now, more Missed Apple’s AirPods release? Here are some great wireless alternatives AirPods ship dates now pushed back to 2017, stores to receive shipments next week Apps | Super Mario Run is now available in the App Store for iPhone and iPad Pokémon GO adds more Pokémon incl. holiday-themed Pikachu & characters from Gold & Silver Hours after release, Super Mario Run is top free and top grossing app AAPL | Trump talks job creation, innovation, and more with Tim Cook, tech executives in meeting at Trump Tower Report: Twitter excluded from Trump’s tech summit because it refused to create #CrookedHillary emoji This week’s top videos | Hands-on with macOS 10.12.2 [Video] Video roundup: Unboxing and hands-on with Apple’s truly wireless AirPods Happy Hour Podcast  098 | This week Zac and Benjamin discuss AirPods going on sale, MacBook Pro battery life and the removal of estimated time remaining estimates, dedicated camera ergonomics in the age of the iPhone, and much more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Clock pictured in top image from 9to5Toys: This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Apps Articles Behance Books Codepen Comics Deals Dribbble Events Github Interviews Photos Play Podcasts Quotes Scripts Vectors Videos Web Design Poll: Is VR the new Flash? By Ben Moss • Posted Dec. 16, 2016 • Reading time: 2 minutes 76 128 14 “Wow!” is the usual response on trying VR for the first time. Even after spending hours in a headset, the experience is still extraordinary. From a designer’s point of view, VR introduces a range of new challenges, but it also frees us from some of the problems we’ve wrestled with for years; any notion of a viewport is entirely moot. 15 years ago, Adobe (née Macromedia) Flash was similarly revolutionary. Flash was browser-agnostic, and (virtually) identical across all platforms. It raised expectations of the web from simple text, to experiences. In a time before the web standards movement was mainstream, when every browser implemented not only its own interpretation, but its own syntax for CSS, Flash was liberating. Flash’s greatest strength…was also its downfall There are numerous parallels between Flash technology and VR, the most apparent is the initial emphasis on gaming, and upon simple linear presentations. Flash eventually developed to produce rich, interactive, data-based experiences; it’s reasonable to think that VR will develop in a similar way. Ultimately, Flash’s greatest strength—its encapsulated nature—was also its downfall. Without a way to reinterpret data that was so closely integrated with its presentation, accessibility was complex, and limiting. The oft-stated belief (commonly repeated now in reference to VR) was that Flash was inherently a visual medium, and as such couldn’t be accessible. The most cost-effective solution was to develop a non-Flash version in parallel with the “main” Flash site. Accessible VR is perhaps even harder to achieve. However, imagine a VR setup in which touch is enabled—perhaps with gloves containing points that vibrate to simulate physical contact. A person—visually impaired or otherwise—could experience work by Richard Sera, or the death mask of Tutankhamun, or Hampton Court maze, with just their hands. VR has the potential to be far more accessible than the current web, because we experience VR in a manner very similar to the way in which we experience the real world; with accessible VR, vision is a progressive enhancement. with accessible VR, vision is a progressive enhancement The beginning of the end for Flash was Apple’s decision to block the Flash Player on iOS. Security and performance were cited as reasons, but the truth is probably that enabling SWFs on the iPhone would enable a rival app store revenue stream, that Apple couldn’t take a bite of. (The current iPhone has NFC blocked except for Apple Pay; security is blamed, but the monopoly on payments can’t hurt.) It’s interesting that Oculus, in the vanguard of VR technology, won’t produce a Mac version, stating Apple’s machines simply aren’t powerful enough. And so, VR may face a similar format dispute to Flash, albeit with roles reversed. Despite being principally a one-organization format, there were applications that output SWF files other than Adobe’s product range. There were rival products, Microsoft’s Silverlight for example. And there was an entire industry based around Flash templates, frameworks, and components. VR is more diverse than a single format, but only just. While there are numerous technology companies working towards VR solutions, formats seem likely to merge. One of the most affordable headsets, the Samsung Gear, is already powered by Oculus. Templates, frameworks, and components appear to be on the way; only this week the React VR Pre-Release was made public. Flash did some great things: the fluid approach to responsive design, fine typography on the web, experience-centred design, were all pioneered by Flash designers. VR has the potential to be a similar catalyst for radical change. But to be viable in the long term, VR needs to do what Flash could not: it needs to embrace inclusive design, and if possible, accessibility; it needs to resist the pull towards a single format; and above all, it needs a set of VR standards—comparable to web standards—that designers and developers are prepared to defend. By Ben Moss Ben Moss is a designer based in Brighton, UK. He’s produced work for abbreviations including IBM, UBS, and the FBI. He runs marathons in his spare time. Say hi @BenjieMoss. More articles by Ben Moss Popular posts 12 UX rules every designer should know 7 key attributes of a quality UI Essential design trends, January 2017 3 web design errors that just won't die Designing effective web surveys Sponsors Our apps Hot deals 9 Beautiful Handwritten Modern Script Fonts - only $17! 20 Fabulous Handwritten Fonts from Area Type Studio - only $19! Corporative Sans Rounded Complete Family of 32 Fonts – only $15! 75 High-Quality Geometric Patterns from Kloroform - only $21 Featured freebies Free Download: Tracks Type Free download: 6 HTML themes by KeenThemes Free Download: Touch Bar UI Kit Free download: Weem handwriting font Aa Join our 933,565 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home Apps About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español In-depth review of Apple's AirPods, and will there be a foldable iPhone in 2018? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 67) The AirPods are here and Brian has spent a good amount of time with them. Also, the TV App is trying really hard, but it doesn't have the support from networks that it needs. Tech Culture by Brian Tong December 16, 2016 5:05 PM PST @briantong by Stephen Beacham December 16, 2016 5:05 PM PST @stephenbeacham Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Subscribe to the Apple Byte Podcast iTunes MP3 | RSS MP3 | FeedBurner MP3 SoundCloud | Google Play | TuneIn iTunes video | RSS video | FeedBurner video YouTube | Livestream | Stitcher Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 67 Your browser does not support the audio element. THE APPLE BYTE EXTRA CRUNCHY SHOW NOTES: AIRPODS NEWS: AirPods to be available in Apple retail stores starting Monday morning Use your AirPods: You can listen to music, make phone calls, use Siri, and more with your AirPods. Apple repair costs in the United States APPLE WATCH NEWS: Apple rolls back watchOS for bricking devices APPLE TV TV APP REVIEW-UPDATES: How to change back the Apple TV's Home button behavior in tvOS 10.1 Amazon releases new shopping app on TVOS Apple TV for Prime members, still no Prime Video iPHONE 8 RUMORS: Synaptics debuts new fingerprint sensors capable of scanning through display glass Maybe you'll get a folding iPhone or Google Pixel in 2018 LG said to supply Apple with foldable displays for future iPhones SOCIAL NETWORKING: Tweet at Brian Tong on Twitter Tweet to Stephen Beacham on Twitter With contribution from Stephen Beacham. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Apple Byte Tech Culture Gadgets TV OS WatchOS Related Stories Nick Offerman: Ron Swanson would hate CES (Q&A) Watch how 'Rogue One' brought back young Princess Leia, Tarkin Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras Trump tweet-scoffs at Schwarzenegger's 'Apprentice' ratings Close   Discuss: In-depth review of Apple's AirPods, and will... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies A quick ride in Faraday Future's blisteringly quick FF 91 This prototype of the FF 91 may lack an interior, but it still goes like hell -- and parks itself, too. by Tim Stevens 2:25 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home CES 2017 search Apple's new Support app: How does it work and where is it available? Elyse Betters17 December 2016Apps Apple/Pocket-lint Apple's new Support app is now available in the US It mimics Apple's online support website Provides an easy way for you to get support while on the go You can find answers in articles or talk to an Apple expert You can even use it to schedule a Genius Bar appointment Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Sometimes you just need a little help - or, should we say, support.  We've all been there: you're playing on your iPhone or Mac or iPad or iWatch, and then something happens that you can't explain. Maybe your device has been bricked, rendered unusable, or maybe it just won't connect to the internet or install an update. There are a number of different issues that can happen when it comes to technology and gadgets, including a number of different ways to troubleshoot those issues. Luckily, if you find yourself facing a problem with one of Apple's pricey products, you can always go to Apple for help. But how do you do that? Easy. Download the new Apple Support app. On 13 December, Apple launched a specialised app designed to mimic its dedicated support site. It provides users with a list of their registered devices and access to documentation for those devices. It also lets them schedule repairs. Here's everything you need to know about the Apple Support app, including how it works and where it's available. What is the Apple Support app? One month after going live in the Netherlands, Apple's specialised Apple Support has launched in the US App Store, giving Apple users an easy way to get support for their devices while on the go. Screenshots of the app actually first leaked out way back in 2015, but now, it's official. So, if you happen to notice a problem with your Apple device, all you have to do is download the app to get started with troubleshooting. How does the Apple Support app work? Apple has described its new Apple Support app as "your personalised guide to the best options from Apple". You can find answers with articles tailored to your products and questions. You can call, chat, or email with an "expert" right away. You can schedule a callback when it’s convenient for you. You can even get a repair at an Apple Store or a nearby Apple Authorized Service Provider. Getting started with Apple Support If you have a functioning iPhone or iPad, download Apple's Support app from the App Store. Once downloaded, log in with your Apple ID. From there, Apple Support will surface a list of all the devices associated with/registered to your Apple ID. The product details screen also shows hardware info, like a serial number or IMEI, as well as informs users of their AppleCare coverage status.  Browse troubleshooting topics Tapping on a device will pull up a product pane, with options to view general support documents for topics like startup and power, internet and connectivity, installation and updates, Mail, hardware issues, Apple ID and password, printing and scanning, and other topics. Apart from browsing troubleshooting topics to find an answer to your problem, you can also search for a specific issue from the support portal screen. Choose your support option Much like Apple's online support site, the standalone app will guide you through a series of documents that help you to self-diagnose and solve a variety of problems. For instance, if you tap on your iPhone 7 Plus, then select the topic "Battery, Power & Charging" topic, you'll get a list of potential or commonly occurring issues. In this example, Apple provides a support document with links to web article, which details best ways to maximise battery life. To streamline your troubleshooting process, the app automatically creates a support case for you. Contact Apple directly You will find options for contacting an Apple Support specialist, along with estimated chat and phone wait times, under topics that lack sufficient support documentation. You'll be able to call Apple directly, schedule a call for later, or chat via text. However, some queries may require a Genius Bar appointment, so Apple provides a scheduling tool for that. And finally, you'll see recommended articles at the bottom of the screen.   Does the Apple Support app cost money? No. The Apple Support app is free to download and use. Which devices can run the Apple Support app? The Apple Support app requires iOS 9.0 or later and is compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch. It's available in the these languages: English, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, and Turkish.  Is the Apple Support app available in the UK? No. Apple only recently launched the app in the Netherlands and the US. We assume it'll eventually be available in other countries. Sections Apple Apps Source: Apple Support app BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff Best budgeting apps: 7 apps to take control of your finances Best dieting apps: 8 apps to help you lose weight Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff Best budgeting apps: 7 apps to take control of your finances Best dieting apps: 8 apps to help you lose weight New year: Seven tech resolutions to put on your list for 2017 New Year Playlist: Tips for making the ultimate streaming playlist using Spotify, Apple Music, and more Instagram tips and tricks: How to master the app and post amazing pics Super Mario Run for Android is coming, pre-registration now open Twitter and Periscope introduce live 360 video Wondershare TunesGo: How to manage music without iTunes Apple’s new TV app: What is it and how does it work? Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? CES 2017: All the announcements that matter Huawei Mate 9 Pro preview: The Mate we wanted all along Best smartwatches and fitness trackers of CES 2017: Casio, New Balance, Garmin and more Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 What is HDR, what TVs support HDR, and what HDR content can I watch? BT TV is getting a new look, more content and virtual reality in 2017 HTC Ocean: What's the story on HTC 11? Best TVs of CES 2017: Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, LG OLED and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
