Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Personal Tech Cynical Apple gouges UK with 20 per cent price hike Wait... That's more than sterling's devaluation 28 Oct 2016 at 16:23, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles Virgin goes 4G with zero-rated Facebook and WhatsApp James Dyson's new startup: A university for engineers that doesn't suck We're great, you don't understand competition law, Google tells Europe Apple has taken advantage of a more competitive sterling exchange rate to hike its computer prices – by far more than sterling fell. Cupertino raised some UK prices by as much as £500. Apple had already raised the prices of its iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch products. Sterling has fallen some 15 per cent from its 1H 2016 average of around $1.45, but Apple's computer prices have risen 20 per cent. But then it wouldn't be Apple if the Apple Tax didn't have an additional Apple SuperTax. The 12in MacBook started at £1,049 yesterday – today the same model starts at £1,249. The most expensive 15.4in MacBook Pro was £2,499. Now it's £2,999. While fanbois rummage down the sofa, economists see the exchange rate correction as a boost for the UK. Sterling had been artificially high for years, with Deutsche Bank last December predicting Sterling would fall to $1.15 in 2017... without Brexit. The IMF's former deputy director Professor Ashok Mody, who negotiated the rescue package for the Irish Republic, and former Bank of England Governer Lord King have both welcomed the more competitive exchange rate. Both point out that the UK economy should be less distorted as a result. "The pound had been driven up to nosebleed levels from 2011 to 2015 by global property speculators and the banking elites acting in destructive synergy, causing serious damage to Britain's manufacturing base and long-term competitiveness," said Mody, cited in the Telegraph (a must read). "History is going to judge that Brexit at last broke the political-economy lock of a British elite wedded to banking interests, even if it happened completely by accident." The UK had a version of Dutch Disease, with an over-reliance on finance capital, and credit-fuelled import consumption. Guardianistas weeping over the fate of the City of London has been one of the stranger aspects of Brexit. But Apple price rises? Not so strange. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 62 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Apple once again ignores a big market Rob Pegoraro Contributing Editor Yahoo FinanceOctober 27, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s iMac didn’t get any love at the company’s Oct. 27 event.More Things looked pretty grim for desktop computers at my local Apple (APPL) Store on Monday afternoon. Of 12 tables set up to show off Apple’s hardware, only one — socked away in the back left corner — was home to desktops. The 21” and 27” iMacs on display were at least relatively new, having received a minor refresh last October. But the Mac mini and Mac Pro models next to them — each plugged into one of the Thunderbolt displays Apple discontinued in June — were last updated in October 2014 and December 2013. Now that Apple has rolled out a line of new laptops while once again leaving its desktop hardware idle, that store display will look just a bit gloomier next Monday. And for many Mondays thereafter. Things didn’t used to work this way Not long ago, Apple (AAPL) updated all of its desktops at least as often as it now updates the iPhone. Each year’s new models wouldn’t always bring huge changes, but going three years between upgrades usually ensured you’d get a good value for your money. Apple letting the Mac mini gather dust should have been the first warning. That affordably priced computer helped demolish the “Macs cost too much” storyline, but Apple started letting it go two years or more between updates. And then Apple introduced a brand-new professional-grade desktop, the Mac Pro, and seems to have forgotten that it existed too — it hasn’t seen a single update since the late 2013 introduction of the computer’s current cylindrical design. Apple’s iMac is beautiful, but losing its touch.More The all-in-one iMac hasn’t seen as much neglect, but its underlying design hasn’t changed much aside from the removal of an optical drive. (Which I didn’t agree with; CDs and DVDs are still a thing, and who cares how thin a desktop computer is? If you’re looking at it from the side, you’re using it wrong.) Note that the aging nature of these Mac desktops has yet to be offset with an appropriate discount. Missed opportunities The cost of going a year or two or three without an update starts with keeping users stuck on a slower processor. You might not notice or mind it at home, and that’s fair; as Adam Engst, editor of the long-running Mac news site TidBits, observed, “for most people, most of the time, CPU power is not a limiting factor.” But creative types who wrestle with pixels for a living — and pay high-end prices for the necessary hardware — certainly will. “Windows is pretty far ahead on all sorts of processor intensive activities that Apple used to do well in,” said Stephen Baker, vice president of industry analysis at NPD Group. He noted the powerful, stylish and expensive desktop Microsoft (MSFT) introduced Wednesday: “Surface Studio is going to hurt Apple a lot in those professional categories.” Apple’s Mac Pro desktop is a beast, but far from “new.”More “A faster Mac Pro would dramatically improve editing of ultra high resolution footage (4K and higher) and it would also decrease render times, ultimately saving us a lot of time,”  noted Vinh Le, a video producer with the Washington marketing firm iStrategy Labs, in an email. Old desktop designs also miss out on useful advances in how we interact with computers. As today’s updated MacBook Pros show, computers no longer need to force us to unlock them with typed-in passwords when they include fingerprint sensors. That’s an upgrade you’d notice dozens of times a day. The Touch Bar — the touchscreen strip atop the keyboard in Apple’s two new MacBook Pro laptops — might also make a good addition to a desktop. But you can’t get that yet. So what? At one level, you could argue that the desktop is irrelevant. That store positioning doesn’t just reflect any shame Apple might feel over its aging lineup. Desktops have been declining for years; by the fourth quarter of 2012, Mac laptops outsold Mac desktops by about three to one. Read More But if you want to maximize storage or expandability, a laptop will suit you poorly. The solid-state drives they use typically max out at 512 gigabytes, while desktops can easily accommodate two or four times as much and offer more expansion ports to connect external devices. Most also let you add as a big of a screen as you want without first paying for a built-in display. Apple’s seemingly forgotten Mac mini.More More important, computer vendors not based in Cupertino, Calif., still seem willing to chase that market. One longtime analyst urged a little more patience in Apple. “These products by Apple are always produced with a strategic goal in mind” — think major operating-system and application upgrades and new web services — said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. “They also always want to push design to the edge and that also takes time.” Engst, another Mac veteran, noted that switching still isn’t that easy. “I suspect that familiarity with Mac-specific tools and procedures would keep professionals on the Mac for a long time even if Windows PCs promised performance gains.” This is something I, personally, need to think about, since I’m typing this on an ancient iMac I would like to replace if only it didn’t entail paying a 2016 price for a design rooted in 2014. Bajarin suggested I shouldn’t have to wait much longer: “I believe there is a radical new design in the works and that is probably targeted for the spring.” OK, Apple; I’ll hang on a little longer. Fine. Are you happy now? More from Rob: How Google is remaking the mobile web How hackers could use your smart home devices to launch web attacks Your silly emojis are going to court The White House gathered tech leaders to tackle society’s biggest problems Here’s the cybersecurity debate Clinton and Trump should have had How the government plans to make your self-driving car safer Email Rob at rob@robpegoraro.com; follow him on Twitter at @robpegoraro. #apple #mac-mini #apple-mac-mini #apple-imac #desktop-computers #desktops #apple-mac-pro #mac-pro #computers #imac #$appl Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next iOS 10 Hidden feature: Collaborative Notes Yahoo Tech The New Macbook pro: Thinner, lighter, faster and pricier Yahoo Tech Why Apple investors shouldn't freak out about flagging iPhone sales — just yet Yahoo Tech How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Tech Donald Trump won’t take a salary as US president, and other news from his “60 Minutes” interview Quartz You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Computers/News/Gallery ComputersNews The forgotten products of Apple’s fall event By Danny Zepeda | October 29, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo The Apple hype machine got into full gear this week and left me feeling letdown. All we got was a MacBook Pro (which is nice) and an app on Apple TV called TV. So creative. Even if you don’t care about Apple, it was pretty disappointing. It came on the heels of Microsoft refreshing its Surface Book and introducing the Surface Studio—a crazy desktop with an adjustable hinge. This was a perfect opportunity for Apple to answer back resoundingly, but it didn’t. It seems that the dream of a “one more thing” surprise is just pie in the sky at this point. This is not to downplay how cool the new MacBook Pro and its Touch Bar are, but I was hoping (just like everyone else) Apple would have more than just one big announcement during its October event. Not everyone needs to buy or upgrade a laptop, some of us may be looking for something in a different product category. Nevertheless, we have to move forward and make due with the MacBook Pro and the Touch Bar for the time being. With that being said, I thought it’d be cool to take a look at the products Apple failed to update yesterday. The list is surprisingly long and includes products that should (cross your fingers) get an update within the next year. Who knows, if the rumors turn out to be true, Apple may give us a few more upgrades before the end of the year. Mac Pro Apple’s flagship power computer is very long in the tooth. The Mac Pro hasn’t been updated since its introduction in June 2013. In the tech space, that was a long time ago, and although it was a long shot, there was hope Apple would break the drought, but it was to no avail. Rumors are swirling that Apple might introduce a refresh in November, but until that happens, we’re stuck with a three and a half-year-old computer. iMac The iMac was upgraded last year, but it was mostly minor. This seemed like the perfect time for Apple to one-up the Surface Studio and throw the kitchen sink into its desktop computer and it didn’t happen. The iMac still has a beautiful 5K display and more than adequate specs, but it looks much less cool now that the Surface Studio impressed us with its crazy hinge and touch display. It’s up to Apple to answer back, but who knows when that’ll be. Cinema Display This is Apple’s most neglected product. The Cinema Display has been in dire need of an update for some time. It’s still sporting the old thick iMac design and missing a hig-res 5K display. Those additions didn’t arrive this week, and it looks like they’ll never arrive. Earlier this year, Apple discontinued its legacy Cinema Displays and it doesn’t look like their rushing to get a replacement out at all. Instead of updating its own display, Apple chose instead to partner with LG to create a 5K (and 4K) display. It’s time to read the writing on the wall—more likely than not, Apple is out of the display game. iPad Pro (12.9-inch) The bigger of the two iPad Pros was just introduced last year but was one-upped months later by its little brother. That was rather maddening because within a five-month window, a lot of features came to the smaller iPad Pro including the True Tone display with wide color gamut, 12MP camera capable of recording 4K and 5MP FaceTime camera. It’s been nearly a year since the 12.7-inch iPad Pro was released, and it still doesn’t have any of these features. You have to assume that at some point they will come to the bigger iPad Pro, but the bigger question is when? I don’t know, but it would have been great to see the upgrade at the latest Apple event. It seems that was the theme for the Apple event. Topics #Apple #Apple #iMac #iPad Pro #Mac Pro Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Computers/Gallery/Video Computers Lenovo Yoga Book: The tiny laptop with a virtual keyboard By Danny Zepeda | October 29, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo The search for the perfect PC is still ensuing, but no clear winner has been crowned. Apple and Microsoft introduced their next attempt to grasp the crown, and their efforts look like worthy choices, but we won’t know what they can do until we get our hands on those products. Deep in the weeds is Lenovo, which is one of the top PC-makers and has the liberty of embarking on this race with radical ideas, and its latest ultra-thin laptop might be the craziest idea yet. The Lenovo Yoga Book offers a thinner design than any of Apple’s laptops, including the MacBook which is just 1.31 cm thick. The Yoga Book is .96 cm thick and can run Android or Windows 10. The only catch is that you need to buy the model that supports each software, you can’t use both on the same laptop. Lenovo equipped the Yoga Book with an Intel Atom x5-Z8550 processor, Full HD display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of onboard storage and a 8,500mAh battery. It also features the usual normal laptop tricks you already know such as touch display and a tablet mode when you fold it, but that’s just the beginning. The little laptop packs a secret feature that differentiates it from other competitors—the Halo Keyboard. Lenovo gave it a celestial name, but in reality, it’s just a touch keyboard with actual key symbols. The virtual nature eliminates switches and mechanical parts which enables the laptop to be so thin. Typing on this keyboard is certainly a new sensation, but not a very good one. It’ll be up to each individual to determine if this new keyboard is worth works for them. The Halo Keyboard also serves a dual purpose. The Yoga Book comes with a Create Pad and Book Pad, that coupled with the Real Pen can turn the laptop into your favorite notebook. The Create Pad is put atop the Halo Keyboard, and with the Real Pen can transcribe drawings you do on it to software within the Yoga Book. The Book Pad does the same but with written words. Lenovo’s latest crazy laptop also comes with its patented Watchband Hinge that lets you fully open up laptop from one end to the other. This computer is not meant to be a powerhouse, but more of a creative tool. It doesn’t boast crazy amounts of RAM, but it is enough to do that job and its price point only cements that idea. The Lenovo Yoga Book runs $499 for the Android version and $549 for the Windows 10 iteration. For a complete review of the Lenovo Yoga Book, check out Ron’s video above who tested the computer for a week. Topics #Lenovo #Lenovo #Yoga Book Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
follow us: epaper india world cities opinion sports entertainment lifestyle tech photos videos more... black money crackdown us presidential election breathless in delhi ht long reads bigg boss 10 movie reviews ht paathshala Cook drops Jobs’ glowing ‘bitten’ Apple logo from the Pro, impacting sales Anirban Ghoshal, Hindustan Times, New Delhi |  Updated: Oct 29, 2016 08:12 IST Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the 25th anniversary of the Macbook during an announcement of new products Thursday. (AP) On Thursday when Tim Cook launched the new MacBook Pro he made a statement by dropping the glowing “bitten” apple from the device’s lid -- a one-of-its-kind departure from Steve Job’s design philosophy. Jobs had the glowing apple on the lid as a mark of premiumness, which many companies such as HP and Dell copied in their notebooks. Even though the company did not give reasons for this change, it can be assumed from Cook’s previous launches of devices, features and services that he intended to change the Apple that Jobs had created in order to suit the company’s future. For example, Cook launched the large screen iPhones, Jobs was against. He also introduced the Apple Pencil, arguably a stylus-like device that Jobs hated. Read more: As it happened: Apple launches lighter MacBook Pro with new Touch Bar starting at $1,499 However, there is more to the Pro that will never resemble its predecessors and the list is not a happy one for consumers looking top upgrade after paying an ‘onerous’ price. “The MagSafe -- the charging point of a MacBook which is magnetic in nature has been dropped along with the glowing logo and this is going to impact sales,” Vishal tripathi, research director at Gartner said adding that “Apple should have learnt its lesson with the new MacBook that it launched earlier without the logo as sales of that device was also affected.” Read more: MacBook launch: Will the new PCs cure Apple’s Achilles heel in India? “Nearly 95% Apple consumers are aspirational buyers but several consumers simply didn’t want to buy the MacBook because of the missing logo. The high price of the device is also going to be a deterrent in the country,” he explained adding that the glow logo must have been dropped to make the MacBook thinner. Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research also said that Apple had gone wrong with the pricing in India. “Apple has gone way wrong with the pricing in India and reminds us of similar hiccup during pricing of iPhone SE which at one point was costlier the iPhone 6,” Pathak said adding that “initial reviews suggests that most of the excitement went down as Apple announced the pricing for the same.” Read more: Farewell large USBs? Apple might do it again with Macs after 3.5 mm jack drop Read more: Apple unveils next-gen MacBooks from Rs 1.29 lakh, new TV app and more However, consumers’ problems doesn’t end here. “Apple has also dropped the SD card slot now which was really popular among photographers. Also, the lack of a direct USB port will cause problems for them,” Pathak observed. The new MacBook Pro comes with Thunderbolt ports (Type-C) which can be doubled as a charging ports, HDMI or USB. “The company also didn't announce any other cable or accessory along with the new notebook which will confuse consumers. In fact, consumers who bought the new iPhones will also face a problem connecting to it. All the consumers will have to buy splitters to use other devices along with the new Mac,” another industry expert explained adding “that this was an aberration to the iPhone 7 which comes with a 3.5 mm to lightning jack splitter to ease consumers with the transition.” The expert also pointed out that some users need the function keys and to avail them on the Touch Bar needs a few steps. “The new Mac is more of a problem for consumers and with the huge price tag will attract a very few customers here in India which is not in sync to Tim Cook’s strategy to make India the second biggest market outside US,” he added. Read more: Second leak: Apple MacBook Pro images with OLED touchbar leaked Also, local retailers also said that their MacBook sales target are being revised by the company due to the high price. “Our targets are being revised. Also, after the stock of the old MacBook Pro is exhausted, Indian buyers will only have the Air notebooks under the Rs 1 lakh price bracket as a purchase option. All other products will cost consumers over Rs 1 lakh,” a local retailer explained. A guest points to a new MacBook Pro during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California. (Reuters Photo) Apple on Thursday launched three new variants of the MacBook Pro at at starting price of Rs 1,29,900. While the 13-inch MacBook Pro starts Rs 129,900 and features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships right away, the 13-inch Pro with the Touch Bar starts at Rs 1,55,900 and features a 2.9 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage. The Touch Bar 13-inch MacBook Pro will ship in two to three weeks. On the other hand, the 15-inch MacBook Pro starts at Rs 2,05,900 and features a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage. The 15-inch, which will also come with the Touch Bar and Touch Id, will ship in two to three weeks, Apple said in a statement. Tags Apple Tim Cook Steve Jobs Apple logo bitten logo Read more from Livemint also read Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 bln, S.Korea’s biggest overseas deal After MacBook Pro, Apple to launch new iPads in March 2017 OnePlus to come out with a new smartphone named 3T On Children’s Day, Google commemorates Chacha Nehru with 11 yr old’s doodle Show comments india world opinion analysis columns editorials blogs authors cities delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi sports cricket football tennis other sports entertainment movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid lifestyle sex &relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books brunch weekend tech photos india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos videos india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos education business ht-indepth real estate autos punjab epaper weather livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus desimartini ht-syndication Copyright © 2016 HT Media Limited. ht delhi/ncr subscription | about us|contact us|work with us|privacy policy|disclaimer|print ad rates|jobs|rss US universities still most sought after by Indians BJP leaders get cash garlands too: Mayawati counters Modi’s ‘notes ki mala’ jibe Compulsory Class 10 board exams for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Javadekar Courts turned activists after a verdict during Emergency, says judge Don’t be defensive over demonetisation, PM tells allies as oppn mounts pressure No surgical strike can isolate Pakistan, says high commissioner Abdul Basit Education panel recommends skill training for children from class 3 In course correction after demonetisation, govt eases cash withdrawal norms Internet freedom declining in India, says US think tank US-China cooperation is the only choice: Xi tells Trump during phone call ‘Ape in heels’: Racist post about Michelle Obama sparks backlash Party loyalist, controversial outsider Trump’s first hires for White House In pics: Skygazers around the world struck by the extra bright supermoon Myanmar says 34 people killed after they attacked troops in Rakhine Indian-origin lottery winner jailed for beating wife, 5-year-old child in UK After Chinese mall, a cosy home awaits the world’s ‘saddest’ polar bear At least 10 wounded in Istanbul blast UK’s first ethnic minority judge, Indian-origin Sikh Mota Singh dies delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Postal staff play Santa, dole change at RML hospital Bastar murder: Academics rally behind Delhi profs, say they are being targeted Kejriwal ups ante on currency ban, calls special assembly session Man with cash robbed, shot at in Delhi’s Dwarka Cab drivers in the city feel the cash heat, as users prefer to pay online Cash crunch: Daily wage earners struggle to make ends meet in Delhi After a bumpy ride, Delhi Metro’s Phase 3 on a smooth upward trajectory Bank holiday gives Monday blues to cash-strapped metros How a non-reader at a Delhi govt school turned into a reader analysis columns editorials blogs authors The US is protesting against a system that normalises Donald Trump BJP attempt to obscure Nehru’s contribution to nation-building won’t work Currency ban: Govt could have traded some of the secrecy to buy convenience Demonetisation: Counting the cost of an economic risk Will Donald Trump put his policy where his mouth was? With one deft stroke, PM Modi has broken the back of black money Did social media drive the US presidential election 2016? What Trump’s victory could mean for Right parties elsewhere Demonetisation: Understanding the politics behind what PM sees as a game changer cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Four trap shooters disqualified for not using specified ammo at Nationals Sachin Tendulkar feels DRS technology should be standardized around the world R Ashwin, Ben Stokes: Warming up for the battle of all-rounders Edin Dzeko gets sent off for a bizarre reason: Pulling down opponent’s shorts Virat Kohli better than Sachin Tendulkar? Stats tell a tale Watch why Valentino Rossi could face legal action in Valencia Lewis Hamilton warns Nico Rosberg, says I’m still in the hunt Sri Lanka thrash Zimbabwe in first match of ODI triangular series Why a rank turner could hurt India in 2nd Test against England movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid The thing we were waiting for is here: John Oliver reacts to Trump’s victory Running on empty: Demonetisation hits theatres hard, footfalls drop by 75% Just because money is available, it doesn’t mean someone should make films: Adoor... Vijay Sethupathi is doing a cameo in Vishnu Vishal’s Kathanayagan Paul Blackthorne of Arrow, Lagaan will be in Delhi this December for Comic Con Don’t need to prove anything, just need to get my music right: Himesh Eddie Redmayne got in trouble with the customs trying to smuggle in his wand La La Land to have a premiere in India at MAMI on November 23 Vijay Antony’s performance in Saithan stunned me: Director sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend I didn’t realise homosexuality existed until I was 17:Tom Ford Suffering from severe constipation? It could lead to kidney failure Does your head usually hurt after lunch? You may have reactive hypoglycemia Fiddling with your phone when walking may change your gait 10 superfoods you can include in your daily diet to cut diabetes risk Women above 40 rejoice: There is a new technique to help cure infertility Cognitive decline goes on despite having blood pressure, cholesterol drugs Mini-bar for clothes: Wardrobe rental services may be the next travel trend Mindful hiking: Trekking your way to complete mental, physical well-being Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 bln, S.Korea’s biggest overseas deal Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may come with bezel-less OLED display After MacBook Pro, Apple to launch new iPads in March 2017 OnePlus to come out with a new smartphone named 3T On Children’s Day, Google commemorates Chacha Nehru with 11 yr old’s doodle Google Chrome now hits 2 billion active installs across all platforms Hackers breach Google Pixel’s security armour under one minute Facebook bug ‘kills’ Mark Zuckerberg, other users We’ll touch Rs 100 cr-mark in Indian mobile accessories market by 2017: Intex india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Children’s Day: Child artistes who went on to become stars In these tough times, 12 movie characters who could spare some change Rajkot Test: Kohli helps India earn hard-fought draw vs England Sidharth Malhotra’s pics from New Zealand will give you travel goals Rajkot Test: Haseeb Hameed fifty helps England extend advantage over In... Redmayne comes Rowling into Manhattan for the Fantastic Beasts premiere Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan, Himesh Reshammiya and a dazzling weekend Falcon display, dance and music bring alive Emirati culture Changing times: The struggle to get cash in Mumbai india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Watch | Bizarre wedding proposal with a croc Watch | Supermoon appears in Australia Watch | Board examinations begin in Kashmir amid the shutdown Watch | Furniture made of fungus ISL | Vineeth’s brace scripts Kerala Blaster’s stunning comeback win vs... Watch | Hundreds join ailing dog’s last walk ISL | 10-man Delhi Dynamos snatch fighting draw against Atletico de Kol... Watch | Mars show home goes on display at Greenwich observatory WTF | ATMs can’t dispense cash education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories paathshala livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad desimartini US universities still most sought after by Indians Compulsory Class 10 board exams for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Javadekar Education panel recommends skill training for children from class 3 Haryana to hold cabinet meet over SYL as Punjab set to up ante in assembly sess... Tata Motors board steers clear of Mistry feud, clears all decisions by company Panjab University to honour Anupam Kher, Kirron Kher at alumni meet Akali Dal core panel to chalk out SYL strategy ahead of special assembly session Here’s what people are doing to avoid tax lens on currency exchange! Short of support, AAP lifts SYL dharna on Gurpurb
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:31pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple unveils redesigned MacBook Pro By Hayley Tsukayama 10:40 AM Saturday Oct 29, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Personal Media Devices Technology Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the first overhaul of the MacBook Pro. Apple has unveiled a redesigned MacBook Pro, which incorporates smartphone-like touch-screen features into the keyboard and carries a higher price tag of $1,800 (NZ$2512). Apple has been furiously updating its smartphones every year, but it has been years since customers saw much more than basic refreshes of the company's highest-end laptop. READ MORE: • Gear Friday: Long wait for new MacBook Pros was worth it At its event, Apple spent considerable time showing off its newest innovation for its new MacBook Pro. The company called it the "touch bar," which replaces the long-standing function keys at the top of the keyboard with a small touch-screen strip. The touch bar changes depending on the program that is running on the computer. It offers quick typing suggestions in a word processor, emojis in a texting program, or volume and play buttons in a music program. It also offers "touch id," allowing the computer to be unlocked with a fingerprint. The 13-inch MacBook Pro without the touch bar costs $1,500 (NZ$2093). The new feature brings that price up to $1,800 (NZ$2512). The 15-inch screen starts at $2,000 (NZ$2791). Previously the MacBook Pro line started at $1,300 (NZ$1800). The rising price of Apple's notebooks is unusual in the consumer electronics world, where products such as big-screen TVs and computers become cheaper over time. But Apple has been making a bid to become an upscale retailer, something some analysts long ago thought was difficult to do in mass-produced hardware computers. Continued below. Related Content Fran O'Sullivan: Working with Tasman mates Auckland Les Mills trainer gets $48K after work fall Microsoft beats Apple at its own game "The price points for the new MacBook Pro models sit in a rarified stratum of the PC market," J.P. Gownder, a technology analyst at Forrester, said. Laptops and tablets designed by Microsoft, he added, "have eaten away at Apple's lead among both high-end buyers and creators, so Apple had to fight back . . . but Apple's deep brand loyalty will make the products successful among the target audience anyway." Price also appears to be the way that Apple is distinguishing its somewhat confusing lineup of laptops. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro is actually thinner and weighs the same as Apple's 13-inch MacBook Air, which was originally intended to be the company's ultra-light laptop. The MacBook Air is priced at $1,000 and is Apple's cheapest notebook. Beyond these computers, Apple also offers its traditional MacBooks at various screen sizes, starting at $1300. Apple said its new MacBook Pro has a 67 per cent brighter screen, a faster processor, and is lighter - four pounds for the 15-inch notebook, which Phil Schiller, Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said was "almost unheard of" for a high-performance professional notebook. It can be ordered online starting Thursday. The Apple event comes just a day after Microsoft introduced two new expensive computers - the Surface Book laptop and the Surface Studio desktop. Microsoft took aim at its rival by noting that the Surface Book was three times faster than Apple's best 13-inch MacBook Pro. On Thursday, Apple had its chance to hit back. Apple kicked off its announcements with an unexpected subject: Apple TV. The company did not announce a new version of its set-top box, but it announced some new apps that could make the device more appealing to consumers. Apple chief executive Tim Cook said that Minecraft, the popular building game owned by Microsoft, will hit Apple TV by the end of the year. Twitter's Ryan Troy, the company's global lead for TV devices, also took to the stage to show off the new Apple TV Twitter app, which is being held up as a prime example of interactive viewing apps. Apple is trying to simplify the Apple TV for users - a key move as more cord-cutting services flood users with more options than they may be willing to sift through. With a new Apple TV app, simply called "TV," the company is aggregating users' many streaming options into one spot, making it easier to search and surface content. It looks somewhat like iTunes, but with television content. And it works with Siri for search. The app will look the same across Apple TV, iPhone and iPad and will be part of a free update in December. - Washington Post By Hayley Tsukayama Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in briefs Toxic shellfish warning The Ministry for Primary Industries has advised the public not… Hawke's Bay Today Donald Trump sending people this way? I wonder if President-elect Donald Trump (ooh it feels strange saying that) is a fan… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 15 Nov 2016 13:31:58 Processing Time: 624ms
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One News 2016-11-14 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2016 Review Roundup: Impressive With A Hefty Price, But Can It Save Apple’s Decline? Technology 1 0 0 October 28, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Review Roundup: Impressive With A Hefty Price, But Can It Save Apple’s Decline? Patrick Frye The MacBook Pro 2016 reviews are in. It seems to be a hit among veteran Apple consumers and might be what brings their shares back up in the final quarter of 2016 and maintain the rising profit streak. As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Apple’s stocks have dropped this year, breaking the 15-year streak of increasing profits. It may be due to the hefty price tag on their products or the push to “go green” under the direction of Tim Cook. It might also be due to the possible trend of exploding iPhone 7 devices, mirroring the problem Samsung has been facing with their Galaxy Note 7 and some appliances. The new MacBook Pro could change that with what many reviewers are calling a real break-through. The Mirror claims that the Pro is often overshadowed by the Air and the latest improvements to the stock MacBook, making it appear to be a “neglected workhorse.” Up until now, it seems, the Pro always seems to be the least popular option of the three. Apple’s new T1 chip that drives MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar runs “eOS”, a variant of watchOS https://t.co/4fMIBDX4Bx pic.twitter.com/hbhXGPmzrZ — iDownloadBlog (@iDownloadBlog) October 28, 2016 The sixth-generation Core i7 processor and ATI Radeon Pro graphics card with up to 4GB of RAM, combined with a 2TB SDD hard drive, make it what Apple claims to be up to 50 percent faster. The 15-inch model comes with 16GB of RAM, making it clearly superior to the 13-inch model. Better speakers are also allegedly part of the deal. However, what’s under the proverbial hood isn’t always a selling point. Sometimes, it’s the proverbial paint job and body work. What this means is that the MacBook Pro for this year not only performs better but looks and functions better overall. The first and most notable addition is the touch bar, which changes its function based on what you want it to do. You can drag applications into the touch bar to make it a programmable shortcut, much like the PlayStation 4’s touchpad, but much more versatile. Combine this with the back-lit keyboard and keys and you can even use it in the dark. For those who want to eliminate the mouse, the MacBook’s touchpad is much larger this time, so navigating the screen feels a lot more refined. Hopefully, Apple’s research made the touchpad palm-proof, because you’ll be resting your hand on it a lot. Apple expected to launch first MacBook Pro in 4 years https://t.co/oUv5wcYP3G pic.twitter.com/Tlvs1AmY6y — Michael Chase (@chasethisnow) October 28, 2016 Reviewers at the Verge say that the backlit keyboard is bright, but not distractingly so. Even more impressive is the programmable function of the keys themselves, via a menu. The touch bar has one major drawback, and that’s the lack of media playback controls when it’s customized. Thankfully, there is a button on the right that puts those controls back. If you want to skip a song while searching for information on Facebook, you aren’t stuck with it just because the touch bar is optimized for productivity. The Verge says that the keyboard might annoy some, as it’s identical to the one on the Air. However, the simplicity might be a plus if you’re not a fan of overwhelming numbers. The new 15″ MacBook Pro can push four 4K monitors at once https://t.co/DtPIdCyFmM pic.twitter.com/Fcvnmnr3M3 — Engadget (@engadget) October 28, 2016 Trusted Reviews says that the MacBook Pro is remarkably thinner than the previous model. This means it’s lighter and easier to tote around if you’re the type to use it on the go. The 2016 model’s non-button inputs and outputs include “four USB Type-C ports which can be used to charge the machine or as a thunderbolt, USB, display, HDMI out, or VGI ports. That means no MagSafe charger port.” This means that like the iPhone 7, there is no headphone jack this year. With improved speakers, you might not miss them unless you’re in a noisy room. The MacBook Pro powers up just by opening it and comes with a fingerprint ID so only you can use it. The biggest downside to Apple’s latest model is the price tag. At over $1,000 at the cheapest, even after an early price drop on Amazon, it’s no drop in the proverbial bucket for those on a budget. Of course, Apple has rarely ever made new technology affordable. If you have a 2016 MacBook Pro, what do you think of it? [Featured Image by guteksk7/Shutterstock.com] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: MacBook Pro 2016 Review Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.3k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.3k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 0 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 0 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder 9 0 0 Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks 1 0 0 Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
+ The Future Of Advertising A PSFK Report On The New Rules of Consumer Engagement READ THE NEW REPORT Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events PSFK Launches Future of Retail 2017 Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit Why The Apple Watch Is Taking Foot In The Restaurant Industry Mobile Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members An app for the wrist-mounted device is looking to revolutionize customer service for staff Jennifer Passas 28 october 2016 From tracking workouts to connecting you to the world, the Apple Watch has a long list of capabilities. With the launch of a new app called ResyOS, the Apple Watch will make its first foray into the restaurant business. The app is hoping to improve customer services by being able to alert restaurant staff when a VIP guest arrives, when a meal is taking too long to be served and when diners are ready to leave. Famed chef and restauranteur Danny Meyer has partnered with Resy to debut the new app sometime this month when the iconic Union Square Cafe in New York City reopens. All managers and sommeliers at the restaurant will be wearing Apple Watches during services to better listen and respond to guest needs. The app will alert staff through a light vibration on their wrist when a customer is in need of service. The control center of all of the alerts will be an iPad at the restaurant’s host stand which will send information from the back-end system out to the watches. It is important to note that the Apple Watches will not replace communication between servers and management. Union Square Cafe servers will not be wearing the watches, so guests don’t have to worry about their server being distracted while taking orders. On the diner side, ResyOS will enable guests to invite other members of their group into the reservation so that the restaurant can know all of the names in a given party. Also, if a diner is running late for their reservation they will be able to text information to ResyOS and the restaurant will be alerted. Union Square Cafe will also be taking advantage of Resy Pay when it opens which will allow members of a party to easily split the check and pay individually on their phones. ResyOS, which was designed in partnership with the Union Square Hospitality Group (USHG), will have leadership from the USGH on their Hospitality Board to provide ongoing product feedback. If successful, the app and Apple Watches could be implemented into other USHG restaurants. ResyOS Mobile Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Electric Truck Can Be Built In Just Four Hours Jennifer Passas Posted October 28, 2016 Automotive Travel Yesterday This New Hotel Brand Brings Co-Living To The Next Level Jo&Joe is a design-driven hostel concept created in response to the rise of the sharing economy Syndicated Yesterday Mark Zuckerberg Discusses How Facebook Will Tackle The Issue Of Fake News The Facebook Chief acknowledged the issue of hoax stories and how far the social network should go to interfere Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Work Debrief: Nomad Class See All Technology Yesterday New AI Software Reads Lips Better Than Any Human The University of Oxford developed a new app that can more accurately read lips to make communication easier IoT Yesterday T-Mobile's New Device Is A Wi-Fi Hotspot On Wheels SyncUp Drive provides Wi-Fi and connects people to their car in a cost-effective way PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Lance Bangs Film Maker Retail Yesterday This Real Estate Service Lets You Be Your Own Agent Reali is a Bay Area startup trying to streamline the home-buying business by helping people cut out the middleman Sustainability Yesterday What Material Research In Beirut Bodes For Our Waste Crisis Might building furniture and lights out of rose petals and coffee grounds point to more sustainable modes of living, as seen in Beirut Design Week? Health Yesterday Therapeutic Toolkit Helps People Express Their Emotions Tools For Therapy uses shapes and design as a communication method to help people open up PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed november 7, 2016 General Electric: Lighting’s Impact On Sleep Is More Than The Off Switch Jeff Patton, General Manager of Connected Home Products at GE Lighting, uncovers how lighting technologies can affect our sleep cycles PSFK Labs Yesterday How Empowering Retail Associates Can Lead To Personalized Customer Service In our new report, The Future of Retail 2017, Walmart's Tom Ward explains how the company is encouraging its employees to feel ownership in their work Fitness & Sport Yesterday How Data Is Improving Athletic Peformance Kinduct is an app, currently being used by the L.A. Dodgers, that provides coaches, trainers and doctors with information on a player's physical well-being Health Yesterday Nutritional Biosensor Knows If You've Been Eating Healthy One X Sensor measures your carotenoid levels by beaming a specific wavelength of color into your skin and determining your dietary needs PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Design Yesterday IKEA Sends Handcrafted Emails To Its Loyal Customers The home retailer is trying to build a stronger relationship with its customers through sending a personal and unique cross-stitched note Retail Yesterday Customer Service Expert: Why Offline Retail Has Better Data Than Online Retail Healey Cypher, Founder and CEO of Oak Labs, shares why we should be thinking about the physical store as an e-commerce site PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Health Yesterday This Startup Wants To Make Contact Lenses Less Expensive Hubble is the first direct-to-consumer contact lens brand dedicated to making high-quality, affordable lenses PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Sustainability Yesterday Volcom Transforms Ocean Waste Into Sustainable Swimwear Volcom is repurposing ocean waste into a new line of sustainably-crafted swimwear Millennials Yesterday Space-Saving Kitchen Unit Designed For Millennials Dsignedby created the sophisticated space-saving design for modern city dwellers PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Europe Yesterday Store Brings A Polar Wonderland Brought To Life With Augmented Reality Galeries Lafayette in Paris used a holiday display to shed light on the issue of climate change No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more This Startup Wants To Make Contact Lenses Less Expensive Health Free Luggage Wrapping Serves As Traveling Advertisements Advertising Therapeutic Toolkit Helps People Express Their Emotions Arts & Culture This New Hotel Brand Brings Co-Living To The Next Level Design & Architecture Customer Service Expert: Why Offline Retail Has Better Data Than Online Retail Retail How Empowering Retail Associates Can Lead To Personalized Customer Service Technology T-Mobile's New Device Is A Wi-Fi Hotspot On Wheels Travel Space-Saving Kitchen Unit Designed For Millennials Food How Data Is Improving Athletic Peformance Health Volcom Transforms Ocean Waste Into Sustainable Swimwear Fashion Electric Truck Can Be Built In Just Four Hours Automotive [News] Amazon will reimburse customers for in-app purchases made by kids [Insight] What’s the deal behind Snapchat’s new vending machines? [Insight] Google’s head of VR says video is key for mobile success [News] Facebook makes changes to its racially segmented advertising system [Inspiration] What path should designers take after the US election? [News] Nintendo’s new $60 console is perfect for retro gamers [Stat] Google Chrome reaches over 2 billion active installs [Insight] What a more unified Android experience mean for developers and consumers [News] Netflix introduces offline downloadable content options only for emerging markets [Insight] How Amazon Alexa and Google home offer a different approach to the home and privacy [Insight] Airbnb responds with a video to allegations of racial bias in the sharing community [Stat] Google Home is projected to overtake Amazon’s Echo in market share by 2020 [Insight] Take a look at The Verge’s new design and layout [News] Facebook adds support for Prisma art filters [News] Everlane opens a new retail space dedicated to cashmere [News] T-Mobile introduces a new device to bring WiFi access to cars [Insight] How a silicon valley investor played a big role in marijuana legalization in California [News] Facebook’s new job posting feature is a direct challenge to LinkedIn [Stat] Despite new payment advances, cash is still the most frequently used consumer payment option [Insight] What is Facebook’s overall AI strategy? [News] Intel’s new drones could be the first step towards flying billboards [Insight] What is the case against Netflix? [Inspiration] Music video follows a stationary bike being ridden in London [News] This app is trying to put an end to restaurant food waste [Insight] Looking at the past can tell us what to expect from the future of virtual reality [Insight] Will.i.am discusses the design of BUTTONS bluetooth headphones [News] Hospital platform makes prescribing apps easy [Inspiration] New York Times Game Recreates Oregon Trail As A Voter In The Election [Stat] In October mobile website views surpassed desktop views for the first time ever [Insight] Seth Godin unpacks the concept of the “idea awareness cycle” SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
BUSINESS Once again, Apple's new design won't accommodate your old cords Tim Cook Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook speaks about MacBook computers during an announcement of new products on Thursday. Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook speaks about MacBook computers during an announcement of new products on Thursday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter Not everyone was happy when Apple removed the headphone jack from its new line of iPhones, forcing customers to go wireless or use an adapter. And, unsurprisingly, not everyone was happy Thursday when owners of Apple’s new iPhones realized they won’t be able to charge them using the latest MacBook Pro models without using a different adapter.  The revelation came as the tech giant unveiled new MacBook Pro laptops featuring a touch-sensitive bar atop the keyboard. But it was the USB ports — or lack thereof — that were the center of attention for some users.  The iPhone 7 will no longer plug directly into Apple’s premier laptops because the smartphone comes with a Lightning cable that fits into a standard USB port. The new laptops use different USB-C ports — and they don’t ship with cords that match an iPhone.  To make them compatible, Apple customers will have to buy a $19 adapter, more commonly known in the tech world as a “dongle.” Or they could buy a $25 charger cable that directly connects the USB-C port to their phone.  The future’s tangle of cords and dongles elicited some heated tweets from users. Apple is known for its proprietary cords and it’s willingness to frequently change them.  This latest shift is part of Apple’s move toward a wireless future — meaning the company may be hoping that customers don’t wind up using dongles. “Going forward, wireless will be the more convenient thing,” said Werner Goertz, research director of personal technologies at research firm Gartner. “It offers all the bandwidth things need to communicate with each other.” Apple wants iPhone users to rely on iCloud, its data storage service, to transfer files between devices, leaving the cord only for charging. On its laptops, the smaller size of the USB-C port — which is becoming more common in personal devices — helps keeps the device slim.  “I would say that’s very much a part of Apple’s DNA — ‘ever thinner,’ and sometimes that means making sacrifices,” said Tom Mainelli, vice president for devices at market research firm IDC. But, if you’re someone who likes to plug in your devices to your laptop, “you’re going to use a lot of dongles to get your stuff plugged in,” he said. And if you want those dongles, you’re going to have to pay for them.  While the cords are much less expensive than the company’s laptops, forcing customers to buy them could provide a bit of extra revenue as its computer line faces increased competition.  In its fourth quarter report released this month, Apple said many of its rivals have broader product lines and cheaper prices, meaning the Mac has to “maintain its functional and design advantages.” Apple sold about 18.4 million Mac computers in 2016, compared to about 20.5 million in 2015. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com Twitter: @smasunaga ALSO: AT&T and Time Warner hope to break the cycle of failed mergers What your boss can and can't do when it comes to politics at work Column: Who oversees data brokers selling your personal info? No one Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Apple Inc. Trump's plans to scuttle or amend the Iran nuclear deal remain a work in progress LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, chief says 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 78°
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Don't Buy the iPhone 8 if it Comes in Puny 4.7 Inches Mark Spoonauer Editor in Chief Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)October 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share First came word that the iPhone 8 might come in three sizes, and now it looks like that report may be completely wrong. According to Apple Insider's inside source, Apple will stick with just two sizes for its next flagship devices. But the 4.7-inch size wouldn't really make sense if the iPhone's design is evolving as it's expected to. Credit: Jerermy Lips/Tom's GuideMore Credit: Jerermy Lips/Tom's Guide The initial Nikkei report said that Apple was working on a 4.7-inch, 5-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 8, with the 5-incher being the new, tweener model in the mix. All three models were also said to sport glass backs, which lines up with previous reports of a radical redesign. But Apple Insider knocked that speculation down, asserting via its source that Apple will continue to focus on its 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch models — the same size as the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. MORE: This Futuristic All-Screen Phone Just Beat iPhone 8 to Punch Avi Greengart, an analyst for Current Analysis, doesn't give much credence to the supply chain rumors thus far, but he does find it "extraordinarily unlikely that Apple would launch both a 4.7-inch and a 5-inch phone. It'll be one or the other, along with a model to update the 5.5-inch iPhone Plus." If Apple is indeed moving toward a near bezel-free front for the iPhone 8, which almost certainly feature an AMOLED display, opting for a 4.7-inch screen size would be a wasted opportunity. Why not try to squeeze a bigger screen into the same size chassis? Dell did it for the XPS 13 laptop, cramming a 13-inch panel into a 11-inch chassis. And the new Xiaomi Mi Mix phone sports an edge-to-edge display that's 6.4 inches in size that you can use (fairly) comfortably with one hand. "If Apple can shrink or eliminate the side bezels, 5 inches would be pretty great," Greengart added. The 5.5-inch screen size for the iPhone 8 still seems just right, as there's way too much bezel around the iPhone 7 Plus. In fact, I found that when sitting down with the Plus in my front pocket, it digs into my thigh. That likely won't happen if the front of the iPhone 8 has an edge-to-edge display. According to IDC, shipments of phones sizes 5.5 inches and up accounted for 27.1 percent of all handsets sold as of Q2 2016. That was up from 18 percent the year before. MORE: iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone Still, even as Apple struggles to keep up with demand for the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, it may keep the relatively small 4.7-inch size around instead of opting for a roomier 5-inch panel. "Obviously, the old adage bigger is better isn't necessarily so," said Ramon Llamas, research manager at IDC. "I'm among those people who enjoy watching Netflix on bigger screens, but not everyone has a demand for a big device." Llamas also doesn't necessarily buy that Apple is opting for an edge-to-edge design with the iPhone 8. "Samsung has gone Edge because they can do all sorts of applications. Could [Apple] do it? Yeah. Do consumers need it? That's an open question." But assuming Apple will find a way to make the front of the iPhone 8 all screen, I wouldn't buy a 4.7-inch model. Bigger phones are the future, and Apple should go 5 inches and up from here on in. See also : Best Big Phones: Top Picks 5.5 Inches or Larger Gift Ideas - The Best Tech Gifts for Men and Women 12 Cheap Earbuds (Under $20) Ranked from Best to Worst Here Are the 10 Best Smartphones Available Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Apple > Collaboration with LG may mean Apple is no longer… Collaboration with LG may mean Apple is no longer making its own stand-alone displays By Mark Coppock — October 28, 2016 3:09 PM Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Apple’s October 27 event introduced a number of products, from updates involving the Apple TV app to a new MacBook Pro with the first-ever touch screen display on a MacOS device, the Touch Bar. One thing Apple did not introduce, however, is a stand-alone Apple-branded display. Instead, the company introduced a new monitor developed alongside LG, creating some doubt about the future of Apple’s display business, according to MacRumors reports. Rumors have circulated for a while that there might be a new Thunderbolt display coming with its own built-in GPU, but according to The Verge, that and any other new displays from Apple may have gone the way of the dodo bird. Heading to the Apple Store’s display section seems to confirm this, as the previous Apple displays are no longer listed. Related: Apple introduces 5K display developed by LG at October 27 event LG’s 27-inch 5K UltraFine display looks like an excellent monitor, and so perhaps those hoping for an Apple-branded 5K display might be able to take some solace. While the new monitor might carry LG’s logo instead of Apple’s icon, it looks like Apple’s involvement in its design could have some benefits. Various settings are configurable from a connected MacOS device, meaning that there might not be any functional difference between it and any potential monitor made by Apple. The LG 5K monitor is priced at $1,300, and it requires a machine running MacOS Sierra and sporting a Thunderbolt 3 connection. That makes it perfectly suited for the new MacBook Pro machines, which include two or four Thunderbolt 3-enabled USB Type-C ports depending on the model. The LG display will also work with other Macs that support Thunderbolt 3, whenever they arrive. The monitor itself will be available in December and cannot yet be ordered. LG is also rolling out a smaller, 21.5-inch 4K UltraFine monitor for $700, and that one is more universally compatible. It doesn’t require a Thunderbolt 3 but still uses USB Type-C . The LG 4K UltraFine display will ship in five to six weeks, but can be ordered today. Also watch: Apple OS X El Capitan – Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple and Microsoft announced new laptops this week – which is better? Brad Bourque Digital TrendsOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Microsoft hasn’t been in the laptop game very long. In fact, the Surface Book launched in the fall of 2015, and in October of 2016, a year later, it’s receiving its first update in the form of an improved dock with a bigger battery and better GPU. The very next day, Apple fired right back with an update to its long-suffering MacBook Pro line, which brought newer processors and a touch-enabled OLED keyboard row into the fold. Are the mid-range updates going to take the high-end laptop world by storm, or are they just another step on the road to greatness? Related: Apple’s new MacBook Pro doesn’t outrun competitors, but the Touch Bar is special MacBook Pro 15-inch Surface Book with Performance Base Dimensions  13.75 x 9.48 x .61 (in) 12.3 x 9.14 x .51-.9 (in) Weight  4.02 pounds 3.63 pounds Processor  6th Generation Intel Core i7 6th Generation Intel Core i7 RAM  16GB LPDDR3 8, or 16GB LPDDR3 Display  15.4-inch IPS display 13.5-inch PixelSense Display Resolution  2,880 x 1,800 3,000 x 2,000 Storage  256GB, 512GB, 1TB, 2TB PCIe SSD 256GB, 512GB, 1TB PCIe SSD Networking  802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports 4 x Thunderbolt 3, 3.5mm USB 3.0, Mini DisplayPort, 3.5mm, SDXC Webcam  720p FaceTime HD 5MP front-facing, 8MP rear-facing Operating System  MacOS Sierra Windows 10 Battery  76 watt-hours Quoted 16 hours Price  $2,399+ $2,399+ Availability Available Available for pre-order Review Hands-on 4.5 out of 5 stars Design These are both updates to existing machines, so there are no real surprises on either side design-wise. The Surface Book has a bulge around the keyboard now, although we haven’t had hands-on time with it yet, so we’re not sure how that affects the keyboard feel or system ergonomics. The MacBook Pro, on the other hand, is slimmer and lighter than it was before, but it’s still heavier than the Surface Book with Performance Base, and slightly thicker than the thinnest point on the Microsoft option. Apple MacBook Pro OLED with Touch BarMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Both laptops feel just as good as they look. Both are sturdy machines without panel gaps or worryingly flexible points on their respective chassis. Of course, the Surface Book’s removable keyboard lends it a versatility of use cases not available to the Apple side of the equation, but there are many out there who find the MacBook Pro’s look among the most attractive on the market. Apple’s improvements to the keyboard and input methods on the MacBook Pro are a mixed bag. We were a big fan of the old keyboard, but weren’t so hot on the Butterfly key switches found in the new MacBook, which have now made their way to the MacBook Pro. The current Surface Book’s keyboard is less compelling, but not detrimental to the experience, particularly with such a solid touchscreen. The added bulk also gives Microsoft some room to expand the keyboard, although without having spent time with it, we can’t speak to whether that happened or not. surface book 2More As expected, the new MacBook Pro features four Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports and a single 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. Until Type-C support grows, a lot of users may still be put off by the lack of standard ports. The Surface Book’s pair of USB 3.0 ports, on the other hand, will please existing users, but it isn’t very forward-looking. A new base would’ve been a good opportunity to add support, but its connectivity is exactly the same. Read More At the end of the day, it’s hard to argue that aesthetic appeal is more important than actual, usable functionality, so the Surface Book gets the nod. Winner: Surface Book Performance While so some of us have been waiting patiently for Apple to update the CPUs in the MacBook lineup, we had to settle for the older Skylake chips, instead of the more modern Kaby Lake offerings. The reasoning, or so we’ve heard, is that at release there are no Kaby Lake mobile chips with Iris Pro graphics, which help power the high-resolution display. As the Surface Book’s internals haven’t changed up top, the processor offerings are also still Skylake generation, but the Surface Book with Performance Base only includes the Core i7 option. It’s a lower wattage version of the chip found in the MacBook Pro, which affects comparative performance more so than real-world responsiveness. The performance back and forth carries over to memory and storage. The MacBook Pro 15 only comes in a 16GB model, while the base Surface Book with Performance Base has only 8GB. It can be upgraded to 16GB, however. The MacBook Pro also offers a 2TB PCIe SSD option, where the Surface Book maxes out at 1TB. Both systems also feature dedicated graphics options. The MacBook Pro has Radeon RX 400 Series graphics, where the Surface Book with Performance Base packs in a GTX 965M. Which one of those takes a lead over the other is hard to say for sure without benchmarking, but the specifications such the GTX 965M is substanially quicker. It quotes almost 2 TFlops of floating-point performance. Apple’s MacBook Pro 15-inch only comes close to that with the Radeon Pro 460 GPU — the most expensive option — which quotes 1.86 TFlops. The base-level Radeon Pro 450 GPU quotes 1 TFlop. Winner: Tie No new displays Both the MacBook Pro 15 and Surface Book boast excellent displays, with high resolutions and sharp contrast, but there’s a clear winner. Microsoft Surface BookMore Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The Surface Book’s 3,000 x 2,000 PixelSense display not only beats out the Apple option in terms of resolution, but also in terms of capability. With a full 1,024 pressure sensitivity levels and stylus support, it’s great for writing, drawing, and taking notes. It also detaches completely from the keyboard, allowing you to use it as a standalone tablet. Not that the MacBook’s screen is a bad option. The 2,880 x 1,800 panel boasts an extremely high maximum brightness, and great color gamut. However, Apple’s refusal to embrace touchscreens has begun to drag the older panels out of favor, and the OLED Touch Bar isn’t much of a consolation. Winner: Surface Book Portability Unfortunately, we don’t have any recent battery tests to reference from the 15-inch MacBook Pro, and as we often mention, manufacturer quoted battery times aren’t often indicative of real-world performance. However, we would conjecture that the MacBook Pro’s 76 watt-hour battery is a fairly sizable one for the internals, and it should result in satisfyingly long runs. The previously tested Surface Book with the Core i7 and older dedicated GPU ran for just under seven hours before it collapsed from exhaustion, but there’s a larger battery under the hood of the new model, though we’re not sure exactly how big it is. Microsoft’s own estimates moved from 12 hours on the older model to 16 on the new one, which should give you an idea of how much bigger the battery is. Apple MacBook Pro OLED with Touch BarMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Users won’t have much to complain about when it comes to size on either side of the aisle. The MacBook Pro is slightly thicker than the thinnest point on the Surface Book, but when closed, the Microsoft system is just under an inch thick at the hinge. Despite the MacBook Pro’s weight loss, the Surface Book with Performance Base is still almost half a pound lighter. With almost identical sizes, the bigger question is definitely battery life, but without having both products in hand, there’s no way of knowing which lasts longer. Winner: Tie A victory as slim as the Surface Clearly there’s no obvious choice between the two systems, and the biggest dividing factor is going to be operating system preference. That being said, there are a few reasons you might lean towards the Surface Book with Performance Base, assuming you have no loyalty to MacOS or Windows. Performance, battery life, and portability are basically too close to call, which makes recommending one system over the other based on that too speculative. Pricing is very similar as well, albeit with the concession that the MacBook Pro 15’s base model offers a slightly better value than the Surface Book with Performance Base in its most basic configuration. Ultimately, the Surface Book’s touchscreen and form factor versatility offer up a set of use cases that simply aren’t possible with the MacBook Pro. Not everyone is going to make use of them all the time, or maybe even at all, but wouldn’t you rather have the option? Can Apple’s new MacBook Pro 13 keep pace with Dell’s XPS 13? Three new Macbook Pros: Which one has the magic touch? Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive log in Regis College in Weston named Apple Distinguished School Friday Oct 28, 2016 at 6:36 PM Oct 28, 2016 at 6:36 PM Michael Wyner Staff Writer Regis College in Weston has been recognized as an Apple Distinguished School for 2016-18 for implementing its iPad initiative. “I am thrilled that Regis is recognized for the second consecutive time,” said Regis president Antoinette M. Hays of Wayland. “Faculty and staff are creating the classroom without walls to enhance learning and our students are reaping the benefits.” The Apple Distinguished School designation is for programs that meet criteria for innovation, leadership and educational excellence. Regis has maintained its 1:1 iPad distribution and institutional support for faculty engagement since the program inception in 2012. “We started providing iPads to all students four years ago but quickly learned that’s not enough,” said Malcolm Asadoorian, vice president of academic affairs. “The key is how we as educators use this tool to enhance learning through extensive training where faculty are challenged to become learners themselves.” Students in public health use digital storytelling and iMovie to create online public service announcements on topics such as mental health awareness. During summer orientation, incoming freshmen experience their first challenge-based learning experience during a digital scavenger race around campus using their iPads. Regis faculty recently participated in an Apple Accessibility event to leverage technology to create customizations for individual needs and learning styles. During the university’s Founder’s Day celebration, faculty participated in a digital service learning workshop, which combined Regis’ mission of service and dedication to digital pedagogy. “The social justice aspect of this initiative is consistent with our mission as it allows access to the same technology regardless of socioeconomic background,” said Hays. “It erases the stress and financial obstacles many students face.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Communities Work for Us Milford Daily News Ads Find your Wicked Local town Ashland Framingham Shrewsbury Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Westborough More Communities Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston Wicked Local Site Services Subscribe E-Edition Submit Your News Find Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise With Us Contact us See us on Instagram Find us on Tumblr Market Place Classifieds Find Framingham Jobs Real Estate © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MetroWest Daily News, Framingham, MA ~ 33 New York Ave., Framingham, MA 01701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Business Region State news Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Pros & Colleges Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Theater Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Celebrity News Lifestyle Food Weddings/Engagements Health & Environment Home & Garden Boomers Pets Faith Family Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries Towns Ashland Framingham Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston More Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Photos Videos Readers Choice Branded Content Contests Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Anxiety and fear rampant among undocumented immigrants after Trump's victory Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopen after 15 months Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:52 PM 0 On most mornings for more than a year, Christina Archuleta and her husband didn't need an alarm clock to wake up. Construction trucks and other heavy... Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 2:39 PM 0 ENGLEWOOD — Just last month, Joe DeCamillis, the Denver Broncos special teams coach, vehemently defended the NFL rule that allows players to leap over the snapper to block... Broncos-Chiefs game moved to 'Sunday Night Football' News: Local News Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:34 PM 0 Intelligent Software Solutions Inc., the largest defense contractor based in Colorado Springs, is merging with Maryland-based Proteus Technologies LLC and... Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 3:05 PM 0 The new Summit House is for the birds. It's also for the tundra, Native Americans, historians... Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 2:09 PM 0 What would you do with a million dollars? The alternative rock band Barenaked Ladies hopes... Latest Local Colorado Springs Council redistricting from mid-October plan stands By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 0 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape By: SADIE GURMAN, Associated Press - 35 min ago A night of "homelessness" to benefit teens who are homeless By: Debbie Kelley - 54 min ago More than 300 Fort Carson soldiers to be welcomed home from Afghanistan By: Tom Roeder - 1 hr ago Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police By: Tom Roeder - 1 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman By: The Denver Post - 1 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area By: the gazette email@gazette.com - 2 hr ago Top Stories Veteran PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer By: DAVID BAUDER, AP Television Writer - 6 min ago Chelsea Manning petitions Obama for clemency on her 35-year prison sentence By: Ellen Nakashima, The Washington Post - 13 min ago Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration 20 min ago PHOTOS: Brightest moon in almost 69 years lights up sky around globe By: The Associated Press - 26 min ago Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash 1 hr ago Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 1 hr ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty By: The Associated Press - 1 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know 10 great political films for a stranger-than-fiction race Cubs win the World Series 50th Country Music Awards D'Evelyn 3, Cheyenne Mountain 2 Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 min ago Colorado Springs Council redistricting from mid-October plan stands 36 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape 55 min ago A night of "homelessness" to benefit teens who are homeless 1 hr ago More than 300 Fort Carson soldiers to be welcomed home from Afghanistan 1 hr ago Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police 1 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman 2 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area Most Read InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopen after 15 months Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Woody Paige: Denver Broncos' victory akin to Mississippi River flowing north SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Sports 1 hr ago Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery 8 hr ago Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou 8 hr ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche 8 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next 10 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title 19 hr ago Air Force hoops freshmen hope to capitalize on more early opportunities 19 hr ago Subplots we watched in the Air Force football game Business 2 min ago SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration 10 min ago White supremacist site: New Balance official shoe for whites 16 min ago Google also gets fooled by fake election news 35 min ago Intoxication charge against SkyWest pilot is dismissed 41 min ago 5 apps for your love life that shouldn't exist but do 43 min ago No more 'free panty' deals, no more Uggs: Big changes afoot at Victoria's Secret 49 min ago The Latest: Attorney expects Obama to make pipeline decision Opinion 1 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans 3 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Yesterday EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOP Fri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean water Elections 6 hr ago Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Yesterday Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Zuckerberg: 'Crazy' to say Facebook influenced election Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Denver students leave class to protest Trump Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Ann Coulter: "Without fat girls, there would be no protests" Around the Web 42 min ago Nowhere to mooove: 3 cows stranded by New Zealand earthquake 1 hr ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty 2 hr ago Critics jab 'safety pin' campaign amid Trump presidency fear 5 hr ago Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day 10 hr ago Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people Yesterday SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Facebook accidentally 'killed' a bunch of people, including Mark Zuckerberg Sponsored Content 7 things to do if you're hurt in a game day car accident Latest Videos Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Air Force defenseman Matt Koch on Saturday's home win over RIT The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title Recovery Through Sport in Colorado Springs Saluting our Veterans on Veterans Day Get A Job Monday: Spoiler Dude wants You! Group Embraces Veterans with Handmade Tribute Raw: Second Night of NYC Anti-Trump Protests Sports Latest Sports Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery1 hr ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche8 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next8 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title10 hr ago Broncos Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou8 hr ago Woody Paige: Denver Broncos' victory akin to Mississippi River flowing north23 hr ago Woody Paige: Broncos should have lured Drew Brees to DenverYesterday Paul Klee: Von Miller: Broncos in 'tough patch' at New OrleansSat, Nov 12, 2016 Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doYesterday Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: With variety of choices, voters opt to have balance in ColoradoThu, Nov 10, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans1 hr ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 LETTERS: Background on "A Look Back" photo; we will move onThu, Nov 10, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future3 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preachSun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Pioneering spirit fueled Air Guard 'firsts' and path to F-35Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Colorado Springs Council redistricting from mid-October plan stands0 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape34 min ago A night of "homelessness" to benefit teens who are homeless53 min ago More than 300 Fort Carson soldiers to be welcomed home from Afghanistan59 min ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs Council redistricting from mid-October plan stands0 min ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile3 hr ago Turnover among El Paso County commissioners could end long-standing division10 hr ago This Week: Meetings and events around Colorado Springs10 hr ago Local Business InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub11 hr ago Colorado Springs' Norris-Penrose aims for year-round exhibitions with renovation of indoor arenaSat, Nov 12, 2016 Colorado Springs business a finalist in video contestFri, Nov 11, 2016 Economist: Cybersecurity industry trying to fill 450 jobs in Colorado SpringsFri, Nov 11, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World New Zealand plans rescue of tourists stranded by earthquakeMon, Nov 14, 2016 Family: 'Deadliest Catch' star injured in assaultMon, Nov 14, 2016 County autopsy: Man killed by police shot in back, abdomen1 min ago 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump2 min ago Military New Zealand plans rescue of tourists stranded by earthquakeMon, Nov 14, 2016 Chelsea Manning petitions Obama for clemency on her 35-year prison sentence12 min ago Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration19 min ago Chelsea Manning asks Obama to cut sentence to time served36 min ago Blogs Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewing5 hr ago Ramsey Rapid Reaction: 3 reasons why Broncos survived SaintsYesterday Air Force notebook: Falcons praise Colorado State receiverYesterday Pregame: Two AFA, RIT players suspended for Saturday's gameSat, Nov 12, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police1 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman1 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area2 hr ago Colorado Springs police find shooting victim but no crime scene10 hr ago National Crime California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested3 hr ago Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Successful real-estate firm built during hidden crime spreeSat, Nov 12, 2016 Principal of Denver metro high school arrested, suspendedFri, Nov 11, 2016 Life Life New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption2 hr ago 125 Colorado Springs-area holiday events5 hr ago New luxury hotels coming to Vail, Telluride and Taos8 hr ago Colorado Springs area literary events starting Nov. 14, 2016Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Arts and Entertainment Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'51 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty1 hr ago New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption2 hr ago Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville21 hr ago Religion Parallel lives? Trump and BerlusconiSat, Nov 12, 2016 Muslim Americans reassure their children and prepare for a new dayFri, Nov 11, 2016 Pope Francis meets ex-priests in gesture of mercyFri, Nov 11, 2016 On Veterans Day, a chaplain’s saluteFri, Nov 11, 2016 National National Politics Google also gets fooled by fake election news19 min ago Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration21 min ago Obama, Clinton tell Democrats not to despair22 min ago Defiant San Francisco vows to remain sanctuary city31 min ago National Business SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration5 min ago Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines0 min ago Farm involved in fatal hayride crash reaches plea agreement0 min ago White supremacist site: New Balance official shoe for whites12 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News iOS 11: what we want to see iOS 11: what we want to see By James Rogerson Operating systems   Will 11 be a big number for iOS? Shares iOS 10 only recently landed in its finished form, but you can be sure that Apple is already hard at work on iOS 11, ready for a mid-2017 unveiling.  So far little is known about the next version of Apple’s mobile operating system, but there are a few rumored features and plenty more things we’re hoping to see.  With that in mind we’ve collected all the news and rumors below, along with a wish list of what we’d hope are Apple’s top priorities. Cut to the chase What is it? The next version of iOS When is it out? Probably a June announcement and a September launch What will it cost? Nothing! iOS 11 release date iOS 11 is likely quite a long way off, with an announcement at WWDC in June 2017 looking all but set in stone, given that it’s during this event that Apple typically unveils new versions of iOS. However, it’s unlikely that iOS 11 will be finished by then, with betas (including a public one) likely to be made available soon after, and a final release probably in September 2017, alongside the iPhone 8. Again, this is all based on past iOS releases rather than any news or rumors, but there’s no reason to think Apple will change its schedule. iOS 11 news and rumors One thing we’re expecting to see soon from iOS is a ‘Dark Mode’, which would make backgrounds black, so you don’t strain your eyes when using an iOS device at night or in other dim environments. The real question is whether Dark Mode will arrive with iOS 11, or as part of an iOS 10 update, as resources for the feature have already been found within iOS 10, so it’s probably something that Apple plans to add imminently. Of course, there’s already a Night Shift mode, but that’s a bit different, as it reduces the amount of blue light rather than making the display darker. Apple is also said to be working on a new video sharing and editing app, similar to Snapchat. Supposedly this would include filters and the ability to draw on videos, and it may launch as a standalone app, rather than as an update to the camera app. This wouldn’t necessarily be a part of iOS 11, but Apple is supposedly shooting for a 2017 launch, so it’s possible. Apple is also apparently working on enhanced social features, according to sources speaking to Bloomberg. The company's tipped to make sharing and connectivity with contacts a system-wide feature as well, and may consolidate communications, so you can see all your SMS messages, emails and social network interactions with a given person on a single screen. What we want to see We don’t know much about iOS 11 yet, but we know what we want from it. Check out our wish list below and let us know if there’s anything you really want to see. 1. Customizable Control Center  Control Center is a handy shortcut to a number of toggles, but it’s not customizable, meaning that for certain options, such as music controls, you must swipe to the second tab – an annoying extra step for anyone who listens to a lot of music on their device. Worse, some actions, such as GPS, don’t have Control Center toggles at all, so we’d like to see the ability to customize both what options are displayed and which tab they appear on. 2. Always-on display  Samsung impressed us with the always-on display of phones like the Galaxy S7 – giving you a constant clock and a window onto your notifications, and we’d like to see a similar option built into iOS 11. Raise to wake makes it quicker than ever to view the lock screen, but if we just want to check the time we'd rather not have to even raise the phone, and an always-on display would be a solution. 3. Home screen widgets Apple’s lock screen widgets are handy, and help stop the home screen getting too cluttered, but we’d still like the option to put widgets on our home screens. It’s not just about having quick access to apps and information, but also about customizing devices to make them our own, whether that means having a big custom clock and weather forecast on our main home screen, an overview of upcoming calendar events, or whatever else. 4. Smarter Siri Siri is getting better all the time, but there’s still room for improvement, especially as in many ways Google Assistant has it beat. We’d especially like to see improvements to Siri’s context awareness – so for example reliably being able to answer follow-up questions without you having to clarify the subject again. 5. Grouped notifications Everyone likes to be loved, and there's nothing better than your WhatsApp blowing up - until that is, you take a gander at your lock screen or notification bar.  Currently, iOS seems unable to group messages from the same contact, or message group, together, giving you an almost never-ending stream of notifications.  Come on Apple, give us "19 new messages from 2 chats" and the ability to expand to see more if we so desire. Pleeaassssseeeeee. 6. Clear all background apps Being able to hop quickly between different apps is handy, but sometimes we like to clean up the multi-tasking panel and start fresh. Thing is, on iOS 10 that involves swiping each individual app to close it. For iOS 11 we'd love to have a "clear all" option, allowing us to shut all the background apps with a simple tap of an icon. 7. Easy video resolution changes iOS is often thought of as simple and intuitive, and for the most part it is, but glaring usability issues sometimes emerge, and one of those is the inability to change video resolution from the camera app. Instead you have to dig down into the main settings screen, which takes time, isn’t intuitive at all and could leave some users unaware that it’s even an option. This should be an easy fix, so hopefully with iOS 11 Apple will add a video resolution toggle to the camera app itself. 8. Improved Mail app Apple's Mail app got a bit of love in the iOS 10 upgrade, but the new look isn't overly slick. Scrolling through an email conversation feels clunky, and rival apps such as Gmail feel better put together overall. In iOS 11 we'd like to see a cleaner, slicker and more user friendly Mail app, and if Apple wants to take a few pointers from Google's Gmail offering we won't complain. After a new tablet? The iPad Pro 2 could be coming soon Tags iPad Related news Leak shows GTX 1050 Ti mobile GPU is more than a match for desktop card Best free Android games 2016 Best iPad games: the top free and paid-for titles around Huawei Mate 9 release date, news and features See more Operating systems news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 2 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 5 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 1 Spotify could be filling your computer's storage up with junk 2 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 3 Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug 4 Think iPhones are too expensive? Apple starts selling them for 15% off 5 Best smartwatches that may be worth picking up on Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Apple and Microsoft announced new laptops this… Apple and Microsoft announced new laptops this week – which is better? By Brad Bourque — October 28, 2016 2:38 PM Subscribe to this topic Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) MSRP $1,399.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More Microsoft hasn’t been in the laptop game very long. In fact, the Surface Book launched in the fall of 2015, and in October of 2016, a year later, it’s receiving its first update in the form of an improved dock with a bigger battery and better GPU. The very next day, Apple fired right back with an update to its long-suffering MacBook Pro line, which brought newer processors and a touch-enabled OLED keyboard row into the fold. Are the mid-range updates going to take the high-end laptop world by storm, or are they just another step on the road to greatness? Related: Apple’s new MacBook Pro doesn’t outrun competitors, but the Touch Bar is special MacBook Pro 15-inch Surface Book with Performance Base Dimensions  13.75 x 9.48 x .61 (in) 12.3 x 9.14 x .51-.9 (in) Weight  4.02 pounds 3.63 pounds Processor  6th Generation Intel Core i7 6th Generation Intel Core i7 RAM  16GB LPDDR3 8, or 16GB LPDDR3 Display  15.4-inch IPS display 13.5-inch PixelSense Display Resolution  2,880 x 1,800 3,000 x 2,000 Storage  256GB, 512GB, 1TB, 2TB PCIe SSD 256GB, 512GB, 1TB PCIe SSD Networking  802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports 4 x Thunderbolt 3, 3.5mm USB 3.0, Mini DisplayPort, 3.5mm, SDXC Webcam  720p FaceTime HD 5MP front-facing, 8MP rear-facing Operating System  MacOS Sierra Windows 10 Battery  76 watt-hours Quoted 16 hours Price  $2,399+ $2,399+ Availability Available Available for pre-order Review Hands-on 4.5 out of 5 stars Design These are both updates to existing machines, so there are no real surprises on either side design-wise. The Surface Book has a bulge around the keyboard now, although we haven’t had hands-on time with it yet, so we’re not sure how that affects the keyboard feel or system ergonomics. The MacBook Pro, on the other hand, is slimmer and lighter than it was before, but it’s still heavier than the Surface Book with Performance Base, and slightly thicker than the thinnest point on the Microsoft option. Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Both laptops feel just as good as they look. Both are sturdy machines without panel gaps or worryingly flexible points on their respective chassis. Of course, the Surface Book’s removable keyboard lends it a versatility of use cases not available to the Apple side of the equation, but there are many out there who find the MacBook Pro’s look among the most attractive on the market. Apple’s improvements to the keyboard and input methods on the MacBook Pro are a mixed bag. We were a big fan of the old keyboard, but weren’t so hot on the Butterfly key switches found in the new MacBook, which have now made their way to the MacBook Pro. The current Surface Book’s keyboard is less compelling, but not detrimental to the experience, particularly with such a solid touchscreen. The added bulk also gives Microsoft some room to expand the keyboard, although without having spent time with it, we can’t speak to whether that happened or not. As expected, the new MacBook Pro features four Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports and a single 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. Until Type-C support grows, a lot of users may still be put off by the lack of standard ports. The Surface Book’s pair of USB 3.0 ports, on the other hand, will please existing users, but it isn’t very forward-looking. A new base would’ve been a good opportunity to add support, but its connectivity is exactly the same. At the end of the day, it’s hard to argue that aesthetic appeal is more important than actual, usable functionality, so the Surface Book gets the nod. Winner: Surface Book Performance While so some of us have been waiting patiently for Apple to update the CPUs in the MacBook lineup, we had to settle for the older Skylake chips, instead of the more modern Kaby Lake offerings. The reasoning, or so we’ve heard, is that at release there are no Kaby Lake mobile chips with Iris Pro graphics, which help power the high-resolution display. As the Surface Book’s internals haven’t changed up top, the processor offerings are also still Skylake generation, but the Surface Book with Performance Base only includes the Core i7 option. It’s a lower wattage version of the chip found in the MacBook Pro, which affects comparative performance more so than real-world responsiveness. The performance back and forth carries over to memory and storage. The MacBook Pro 15 only comes in a 16GB model, while the base Surface Book with Performance Base has only 8GB. It can be upgraded to 16GB, however. The MacBook Pro also offers a 2TB PCIe SSD option, where the Surface Book maxes out at 1TB. Both systems also feature dedicated graphics options. The MacBook Pro has Radeon RX 400 Series graphics, where the Surface Book with Performance Base packs in a GTX 965M. Which one of those takes a lead over the other is hard to say for sure without benchmarking, but the specifications such the GTX 965M is substanially quicker. It quotes almost 2 TFlops of floating-point performance. Apple’s MacBook Pro 15-inch only comes close to that with the Radeon Pro 460 GPU — the most expensive option — which quotes 1.86 TFlops. The base-level Radeon Pro 450 GPU quotes 1 TFlop. Winner: Tie No new displays Both the MacBook Pro 15 and Surface Book boast excellent displays, with high resolutions and sharp contrast, but there’s a clear winner. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The Surface Book’s 3,000 x 2,000 PixelSense display not only beats out the Apple option in terms of resolution, but also in terms of capability. With a full 1,024 pressure sensitivity levels and stylus support, it’s great for writing, drawing, and taking notes. It also detaches completely from the keyboard, allowing you to use it as a standalone tablet. Not that the MacBook’s screen is a bad option. The 2,880 x 1,800 panel boasts an extremely high maximum brightness, and great color gamut. However, Apple’s refusal to embrace touchscreens has begun to drag the older panels out of favor, and the OLED Touch Bar isn’t much of a consolation. Winner: Surface Book Portability Unfortunately, we don’t have any recent battery tests to reference from the 15-inch MacBook Pro, and as we often mention, manufacturer quoted battery times aren’t often indicative of real-world performance. However, we would conjecture that the MacBook Pro’s 76 watt-hour battery is a fairly sizable one for the internals, and it should result in satisfyingly long runs. The previously tested Surface Book with the Core i7 and older dedicated GPU ran for just under seven hours before it collapsed from exhaustion, but there’s a larger battery under the hood of the new model, though we’re not sure exactly how big it is. Microsoft’s own estimates moved from 12 hours on the older model to 16 on the new one, which should give you an idea of how much bigger the battery is. Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Users won’t have much to complain about when it comes to size on either side of the aisle. The MacBook Pro is slightly thicker than the thinnest point on the Surface Book, but when closed, the Microsoft system is just under an inch thick at the hinge. Despite the MacBook Pro’s weight loss, the Surface Book with Performance Base is still almost half a pound lighter. With almost identical sizes, the bigger question is definitely battery life, but without having both products in hand, there’s no way of knowing which lasts longer. Winner: Tie A victory as slim as the Surface Clearly there’s no obvious choice between the two systems, and the biggest dividing factor is going to be operating system preference. That being said, there are a few reasons you might lean towards the Surface Book with Performance Base, assuming you have no loyalty to MacOS or Windows. Performance, battery life, and portability are basically too close to call, which makes recommending one system over the other based on that too speculative. Pricing is very similar as well, albeit with the concession that the MacBook Pro 15’s base model offers a slightly better value than the Surface Book with Performance Base in its most basic configuration. Ultimately, the Surface Book’s touchscreen and form factor versatility offer up a set of use cases that simply aren’t possible with the MacBook Pro. Not everyone is going to make use of them all the time, or maybe even at all, but wouldn’t you rather have the option? Also watch: Dell Venue 10 7000 Series – Hands on Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this Ios Hacking Arizona Security Lad cuffed after iOS call exploit knocks out Arizona 911 center Meet's L337 feat brings heat 28 Oct 2016 at 22:12, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Chinese chap in the clink for trying to swap US Navy FPGAs with fakes to beat export ban RIP EarthLink, 1994–2016: From AOL killer to regional ISP's attic Teen in the dock on terror apologist charge for naming Wi-Fi network 'Daesh 21' An Arizona teen is facing three felony tampering charges after the cops said code he wrote to exploit an iOS security hole downed a 911 call center. According to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office, 18-year-old Meetkumar ("Meet") Hiteshbhai Desai found a vulnerability in Apple's mobile operating system and crafted a proof-of-concept exploit to prove it. However, that tool wound up flooding an emergency call center with more than 100 hang-up calls within a "matter of minutes" earlier this week, it is alleged. It all started when Desai and a friend found a way to remotely spawn pop-up alerts, open installed applications, or start a phone call on a victim's iThing, it is claimed. Hoping to cash in on Apple's bug bounty program, the pair set up a webpage that exploits the flaw as their proof-of-concept, we're told. They then directed Desai's Twitter followers to click on a link to that booby-trapped page and, according to the police, launch the exploit from Desai's own website, meetdesai.com, which has since been taken down. Desai also, apparently, spread the link via his YouTube channel, "The Hackspot." It's alleged that Desai's webpage caused phones to dial emergency numbers that the callers couldn't hang up. As a result, police say, those who clicked on the links unintentionally ended up flooding 911 centers in and around the Phoenix, Arizona, area with calls. Apparently, Desai meant to upload a script that simply opened a pop-up alert on the handhelds. Desai describes himself as an iOS developer and a jailbreak theme tweaker. "Meet stated that although he did add that feature to the bug he had no intention of pushing it out to the public, because he knew it was illegal and people would 'freak out'," the office said. "Meet stated that he may have accidentally pushed the harmful version of the (911) bug out to the Twitter link instead of the less-annoying bug that only caused pop-ups, dialing to make peoples' devices freeze up and reboot." The flood of calls from smartphones and tablets was eventually traced to Desai's personal site hosted in San Francisco, California; the cops managed to get the plug pulled on the site. The teen was arrested, taken to jail, and booked on three charges of computer tampering. A search warrant was also carried out at his home. MCSO Cyber Crimes Unit makes arrest on attack reference 911 system, read more https://t.co/K0WD4F6Y2h pic.twitter.com/iJIsp7YpZW — @SgtJEnriquez (@DeputyEnriquez) October 27, 2016 No word was given on whether he will be able collect the bug bounty from Apple. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 24 Comments More from The Register Apple rushes out iOS 10.1.1 fix after health data flat lines Now with less-random information wiping 4 Comments Google's machine learning app can now take over your iPhone Imagine Siri repeating 'I love Steve Jobs' forever Apple to crunch iOS 10 local backup password brute force hole Research finds faster cracking flaw 17 Comments Want to make US$1.5m this weekend? Just jailbreak iOS Zerodium triples iOS exploit bounty to $1.5M, doubles 'droid to $200k 6 Comments 'Flaw' in iOS 10 private browsing... not as bad as it looks At least according to (indie) experts 4 Comments T-Mobile USA: DON'T install Apple's iOS 10, for the love of God Updated iPhone 6, 6+ and SE fans told to stay away from software update for now 58 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Ars Technica on the T1 Chip in the New MacBook Pro→ Linked By Federico Viticci Andrew Cunningham, writing for Ars Technica, got Apple on the record about the T1 chip and what it does for security and the Touch Bar: At any rate, the T1 is an interesting chip that does much more than support Touch ID and Apple Pay. Apple tells us that it has a built-in image signal processor (ISP) related to the ones Apple uses in iPhone and iPad SoCs, something which Troughton-Smith suggests could protect the camera from malware hijacking. And its Secure Enclave handles the encryption and storage of fingerprint data and protects it from the rest of the operating system and its apps, much as it does in iOS. When you interact with the Touch Bar, Apple tells us that the majority of the processing is being done by the Intel CPU, although the T1 also appears to do some processing in specific situations for security’s sake, as when Apple Pay is used. But to keep the Touch Bar from counting toward the number of external monitors you can use (Intel’s GPUs support a total of three separate displays, AMD’s support six), the T1 is used to drive the Touch Bar’s screen. From what Apple told me, it sounds like the image you’re seeing is actually being drawn by the main system GPU but is being output to the display by T1, not unlike the way other hybrid graphics implementations work. Between A-series chips, the W1, and the T1, Apple's most fascinating work is happening in the custom silicon space. The whole T1-Touch Bar deal is extremely intriguing. Source: arstechnica.com Tags: macbook pro ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Perpendicular Philosophy→ Linked By Federico Viticci Jason Snell: Apple, in contrast, believes that touchscreen interfaces are great and computers are great and they’re not the same thing. Apple has steadfastly resisted adding touchscreens to the Mac, and when you ask the company’s executives why, they have been remarkably consistent on this point for the past few years. What defines a computer, they’ll say, is that it’s made up of two perpendicular surfaces. There’s a vertical display surface, more or less up and down, right in front of you. And there’s a horizontal control surface—a table or desk or the base of a laptop—that you use for input and control. If you want a Mac, that’s what you get. If you want a touch-based device, get an iPad. Seen through this philosophy, the new MacBook Pro and its Touch Bar interface fit perfectly. The Touch Bar brings the things Apple loves about touchscreen interfaces—customizability and support for multitouch—and adds it to the control surface of the Mac, right above the keyboard. It doesn’t break Apple’s definition of a computer at all, because it’s a new sort of touchscreen, and it’s part of the keyboard area, not the display area. I don't use a Mac as my daily computer anymore, and I don't plan to switch from my iPad Pro, but the Touch Bar is the first change to the Mac line to pique my curiosity in years. Probably because it borrows from what makes iOS great. Source: sixcolors.com Tags: macbook pro ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview By Alex Guyot At yesterday morning's Hello Again keynote event, Apple announced the long-awaited update to their professional laptop line. The new MacBook Pro comes in two sizes and features a thinner body and upgraded internals. It also comes equipped with Apple's brand new Touch Bar, a Retina touchscreen display which replaces the row of function keys atop the keyboard, and a Touch ID sensor. These new machines mark the first significant spec advancements for the MacBook Pro since they moved to Haswell processors in 2014, and the first notable hardware changes since going Retina in 2012. As such, it's no surprise that the new MacBook Pro is an improvement in nearly every way over previous models. This is truly the next generation of Apple's flagship laptops. Touch Bar Apple's new Touch Bar is a slim multitouch display located above the keyboard where the function keys used to be. At 2070px wide by 60px high (equivalent to 1085pt by 30pt), the display has Apple's official blessing as "Retina". The Touch Bar provides a programmable interface which developers can take advantage of to expose controls specific to their apps directly on the keyboard. When developers are not controlling the display, Touch Bar will show a system interface of buttons and controls which users can customize to their liking from System Preferences. The beauty of the Touch Bar is this: by placing the display directly on the keyboard, the controls are located in the most convenient place possible for laptop users. What has always bothered me about the shift toward Windows laptops with touchscreen displays (and, for that matter, using an iPad with a keyboard), is that you constantly have to lift your entire arm and stab at the screen. It's imprecise and tiring over time, and in general just not the best experience. Of course, it very much remains to be seen whether the Touch Bar is truly a better solution for bringing the power of multitouch displays to the laptop paradigm, but on paper it certainly seems like an idea with great potential. To demonstrate this, Apple demoed several apps on stage which already make use of the new Touch Bar. Final Cut Pro will show an interactive display of an active project's timeline in the Touch Bar. Swiping across this timeline allows for quick navigation through the project, and buttons on either side of it may provide other functions depending on what you're doing in the app. Another demo was from an Adobe employee, and showed off the way an upcoming update to Photoshop will allow interaction through the Touch Bar. In this case, the touch interface allowed for quick changing of brush size with one hand as the other hand used the trackpad to edit a photo. Microsoft has also announced an update to its Office suite to work with the Touch Bar. The Word update enables a mode where everything is hidden other than the document and the toolbars are relocated into the Touch Bar. The PowerPoint update is geared toward making graphics manipulation easier by changing layer positions and rotating objects with slides of a finger across the Touch Bar. Excel moves function suggestions and other common tools down to the keyboard layer. Microsoft's take on this strikes me as the most common approach we'll see from developers, but I'll be interested to watch trends as more apps release Touch Bar support. Will they all just converge around the same tropes, or are there more innovative uses for the new interface that Apple hasn't yet thought of? One of the uses of the Touch Bar that I'm most excited about is using it as an emoji picker. The current macOS emoji picker is slow to load and only lets me use one emoji at a time before being automatically dismissed (yes, I know I can drag it away to keep it open permanently, but I don't want that either). To open up a nice view of emoji right on the Touch Bar and be able to use as many as I want to before dismissing them will be great. Touch ID On the far right side of the Touch Bar is a small black square which is not part of the display. This square is the new MacBook Touch ID sensor. The sensor, which is actually a clickable button, has three main functions at this time. First off is the obvious: the new MacBook Pro can be unlocked using the Touch ID sensor instead of having to type in your password. I'm sure this will be a much faster and more reliable method of auto unlock than the Apple Watch Unlock method introduced with macOS Sierra earlier this year. The second function of the Touch ID button is making a payment with Apple Pay in Safari. This feature was made available in macOS Sierra by kicking the payment to an iPhone with Touch ID to authenticate it. Now the entire process can occur directly on the Mac. Finally, the Touch ID sensor can store and differentiate the fingerprints of different users on the computer. If one user is logged in and another comes by to use the Mac, they can simply place their finger on the Touch ID sensor and the MacBook Pro will automatically transition into their user account – no logout/login necessary. I'm sure it won't be long until the rest of the features we're used to from Touch ID on iOS (I think it's only missing native in-app payments) come to the Mac as well. With all of these great functions, Touch ID is an incredibly strong addition to the MacBook Pro. Design The new MacBook Pro comes in the same two sizes as before, with both a 13-inch and a 15-inch model. The 13-inch model weighs in at a mere 3 pounds, and is 14.9 mm thick. The 15-inch model is 4 pounds and 15.5 mm thick, making both machines quite a bit thinner than the 13-inch MacBook Air (which is 17 mm thick). The general exterior design of the machines has remained relatively unchanged. Despite some rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Pro has not transitioned to a tapered design akin to the MacBook Air. Rather, it just looks like a thinner version of the same MacBook Pro design that we're used to. The Pro also didn't receive the options for Gold and Rose Gold colors like the standard MacBook line, but it did get the option for Space Gray. That's right, you heard me, we can finally purchase MacBook Pros in a color other than silver. This will be the same Space Gray that standard MacBooks have been available in since 2015, and it looks great. 1 Display The Retina display on the new MacBook Pro has been updated to support the wide color gamut previously seen on the iMac, 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and iPhone 7. The display also sports brighter LED backlighting and an increased contrast ratio. Drawing inspiration from the iPad Pro, the new MacBook Pro display supports a variable refresh rate, letting it conserve more energy by refreshing non-changing pixels less often. Audio The new MacBook Pro has an all new speaker design with double the dynamic range and 58% more volume. Apple is also boasting 2.5x louder bass on the speakers. The edges of the computer to the left and right of the trackpad seem to now have speaker grills to aid in the dispersal of the improved sound. Keyboard and Trackpad The keyboard on the new machine has been updated to include the second generation of the butterfly switches which Apple debuted on the first version of the current MacBook in 2015. The mechanism creates a uniform downward movement even when pressing keys on the edges. Apple did mention in the keynote that the MacBook Pro version has more key travel than that of the standard MacBook. The new trackpad is 2 times larger than the trackpad on the previous MacBook Pro for the 15-inch machine. It's slightly less than 2x larger for the 13-inch. Other than the increased size this is the same Force Touch trackpad that has been shipping on MacBook Pros since last year. Ports The ports on the new machine are perhaps the greatest caveat about it. All ports that existed on the previous MacBook Pro generation (except, ironically, the headphone jack) are gone. In their place are four Thunderbolt 3 ports. Since Thunderbolt 3 uses the same connector as USB-C, these ports all function as USB-C ports as well. Sadly, this change spells the end of MagSafe on Apple's MacBook Pro line. No longer are MacBooks safe from people tripping over power cords while they are charging. On the bright side, though, the new MacBook Pros can be charged from any of the four Thunderbolt 3 ports. Thunderbolt 3 may not yet be as universal on external devices as the ports that it is replacing, but it is more capable than all of them combined. Thunderbolt 3 can connect to displays via HDMI, VGA, DisplayPort, or Thunderbolt. It can input and output power for charging, and work with any peripherals that are compatible with USB-A, and Micro or Mini USB. It's also blazingly fast and powerful with up to 40-Gbps data transfer and support for pushing up to two 5K displays. Sadly, Apple did not announce a new Apple-branded 5K display to use with these ports, but it did recommend a new LG display, which the two companies collaborated on. Performance The new MacBook Pro massively outperforms the previous generation. The 15-inch model features a Radeon Pro discrete GPU which delivers up to 130% faster graphics. The 13-inch model packs an Intel Iris Graphics 540 with up to 103% faster graphics than the previous 13-inch model. All new MacBook Pros come with solid-state drives, the performance of which have improved to 3.1 GB/s read speeds and 2.1 GB/s write speeds (2.2 for the 15-inch). The 13-inch comes with 256 GB of storage baseline, and can be updated to up to 1 TB. The 15-inch model also comes with 256 GB baseline storage, but it includes the option to upgrade to a 2 TB SSD, the first time such a huge solid-state drive has been available on a Mac. For processors, the 13-inch model can be purchased at the baseline with a 2.9GHz dual core and 3.3GHz Turbo Boost Intel Core i5. This can be upgraded at checkout to an up to 3.3GHz dual core and 3.6GHz Turbo Boost Intel Core i7 processor. The 15-inch model can be purchased at the baseline with a 2.6GHz quad core and 3.5GHz Turbo Boost Intel Core i7. This can be upgraded at checkout to an up to 2.9GHz quad core and 3.8GHz Turbo Boost Intel Core i7. Both sizes provide 10 hours of battery life. Conclusion and Pricing Through this new generation of MacBook Pros, Apple has rocketed its aging flagship laptop line back to the forefront. With greatly improved performance, refreshed hardware design, and innovative additions like the Touch Bar and Touch ID, Apple is delivering what looks to be an extraordinary new line of products. The Touch Bar in particular is a possibly game-changing feature. We'll have to wait for reviews to see how well it works in practice, but the idea of putting a multitouch display directly under your fingertips on a laptop has strong potential. I can't wait to see what developers start cooking up to make use of the new interface. The last thing to talk about here is pricing. Unfortunately, Apple has increased the base prices across all models of the new MacBook Pros. The starting price of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID is $1,799, a significant increase over the starting price of the previous MacBook Pro generation, which started at $1,299. To fill this gap, Apple is also offering another 13-inch model, available at $1,499. However, this lower priced model does not include the Touch Bar, nor Touch ID. Instead, the top keyboard row is reverted back to the standard function keys that we are used to. This model also has lower powered specs than the others in the lineup. On the 15-inch side, Apple is only offering models which include the Touch Bar and Touch ID. The starting price here is $2,399. You can compare all models of Apple's new MacBook Pro lineup here. The MacBook Pro without Touch Bar or Touch ID is shipping already as of yesterday, and the MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar and Touch ID will start shipping in 2-3 weeks. You can also follow all of the MacStories coverage of today's Apple's keynote through our October 27 Keynote hub , or subscribe to the dedicated October 27 Keynote RSS feed. Side note: the new MacBook Pro's display maxes out at a brightness of 500 nits. That's half as bright as the 1,000 nit screen of the Apple Watch Series 2. ↩︎ Tags: mac, macbook pro, macOS, touch bar Join Now Like MacStories? Become a Member. Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Alex Guyot Alex is a regular contributor to MacStories, and a computer science major at the University of Arizona. His interests also include soccer, web development, automation, youth ministry, and drinking great coffee. Twitter: @the_axx | Email: guyot@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store New MacBook Pro Touch Bar, T1 Chip Run on a Variant of watchOS By Federico Viticci Interesting findings by Steve Troughton-Smith: the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro appears to be running on a variant of watchOS under the hood, with the T1 SoC handling security (primarily) for Touch ID as well as the bridge between macOS and the Touch Bar (over a USB connection). This lines up with what I heard ahead of the event – that Apple would embed a SoC reminiscent of the Apple Watch S1 in the new MacBook Pros – but the implications of what Apple did with the T1 chip and the Touch Bar run deeper than I expected. For one, macOS can now leverage years of security that went into honing the Secure Enclave and Touch ID on iOS – all while working with an ARM architecture inside the MacBook Pro instead of x86. And it even seems like the T1 is driving the iSight camera (for security purposes) and that it may render certain UI elements on the Touch Bar directly instead of delegating that to macOS (again, for security). And when macOS isn't running, watchOS alone can render UI on the Touch Bar (likely for Boot Camp). It's fascinating to think that part of watchOS (which has been optimized for low power consumption and lightweight touch UIs) is being used to power a marquee hardware feature of the new MacBook Pros. And even more intriguing is the idea of watchOS and years of investment in iOS security helping make Macs more secure – it's not too absurd to imagine that future T-series chips may drive security of other Mac input methods. I collected some of the most interesting tweets about this below, so you can read the technical bits for yourself. Touch Bar and T1 Chip Tags: mac, macbook pro Join Now Like MacStories? Become a Member. Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Federico Viticci Federico is the founder and editor-in-chief of MacStories, where he writes about Apple with a focus on apps, developers, and mobile software. He can also be found on his three podcasts – Connected, Canvas, and Remaster. Twitter: @viticci | Email: viticci@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Executives Continue to Hold the Philosophy that Touch Screens Aren't Right, but Not Everyone Agrees | Main | Ridiculous IDC Survey Says that After the Note7 Recall, 50% of users switched to the iPhone 7 based on 12 Converts » October 28, 2016 Oppo Flies to top Smartphone Vendor in China for Q3 with Apple landing in Fifth Spot According to IDC's latest Asia/Pacific smartphone statistics for China, the smartphone market grew 5.8% Year-over-Year and 3.6% Quarter-over-Quarter in the third quarter of 2016, with OPPO and vivo overtaking Huawei for the first time in that market. Apple was third in Q3 2015 and one year later sits in fifth spot. Only three weeks worth of iPhone 7 sales made it into this quarter. Apple's CFO Luca Maestri stated during Apple's financial conference call that Apple would return to growth in China in the December quarter. But for now, the Chinese market is clearly changing and we'll have to see if Apple will be able to return to a top three position.     Due to the Note 7 Crisis, Samsung didn't make the top five list this quarter.   In April Patently Apple reported on Q1 2016 Global Smartphone stats and noticed then that Oppo came out of nowhere to take forth spot. Their rise has been dramatic and it's not surprising to see them take the number one spot in China this quarter.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 28, 2016 at 02:24 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports , Apple & Market Statistics | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple thought about making Microsoft’s Surface Studio years ago Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Microsoft's new Surface Studio is an intriguing, albeit incredibly expensive, new PC geared for creative professionals. Boasting an impressive 28-inch display, the Surface Studio's underlying appeal is a specialized hinge design that allows users to collapse the display to a 20-degree angle. In turn, users can more readily use the generously sized display for artistic endeavors like drawing or even seemingly mundane tasks like marking up documents. Given the Surface Studio's expensive price tag -- the entry level model starts at $2999 -- and the fact that quantities will be limited at launch, we're not really expecting the Surface Studio to take the computing world by storm. If anything, the product is seemingly geared towards a very niche subset of users: creative professionals. In fact, with many people arguing these days that Apple has been actively ignoring its user base of creatives, some have even said that the Surface Studio is a machine that Apple should have launched. In turn, some have gone so far as to claim that Apple has been busy resting on its laurels, its creative and innovative mojo seemingly usurped by Microsoft, of all companies. DON'T MISS: The iPhone 7 has an exciting new feature that Apple is keeping secret The funny thing is, Apple isn't just blindly sitting on the sidelines letting the tech industry pass them by. In fact, Apple not only considered releasing a Surface Studio type with a dual iOS/OS X interface, it had such a design on its radar six years ago. Exhibit A: An Apple patent filing from 2010 (via Patently Apple) lays out a touch-enabled desktop computer with a design that looks remarkably similar to what Microsoft introduced earlier this week. imac-touchMore As detailed in the patent, when the computer recognizes a shift in orientation, it shifts the OS from OS X (now macOS) to iOS. Apple of course has an official policy of filing patents for any and everything its R&D team comes up with, no matter how outlandish, but Apple executives strongly considered developing a machine capable of running both a desktop and mobile operating system. Touching on this in a must-read profile on the evolution of Apple's new MacBook Pro in CNET, Phil Schiller explains that leaning forward to touch your desktop screen just isn't a good idea. "We did spend a great deal of time looking at this a number of years ago and came to the conclusion that to make the best personal computer, you can’t try to turn MacOS into an iPhone,” Schiller said. “Conversely, you can’t turn iOS into a Mac…. So each one is best at what they’re meant to be — and we take what makes sense to add from each, but without fundamentally changing them so they’re compromised.”   You might also remember rumors circa 2010 that Apple was even planning to hold a special media event where it would unveil a brand new iMac with a hybrid OS. It's easy to critique Apple for not releasing every new product that comes to mind, but it's important to remember that Apple is so successful precisely because it carefully considers every new product it throws its weight and resources behind. And just because Apple doesn't release a product doesn't in any way shape or form suggest that said product wasn't thoroughly evaluated behind the scenes, as is the case with what people once called the iMac Touch. To this point, Jony Ive told CNET that "doing something that’s different is actually relatively easy and relatively fast, and that’s tempting." Still, Apple ultimately concluded that a touchscreen Mac wasn't "particularly useful." Incidentally, Apple CEO Tim Cook just last year same something similar in response to a question about a hybrid Mac/Tablet device. “We feel strongly that customers are not really looking for a converged Mac and iPad,” Cook explained. “Because what that would wind up doing, or what we’re worried would happen, is that neither experience would be as good as the customer wants. So we want to make the best tablet in the world and the best Mac in the world. And putting those two together would not achieve either. You’d begin to compromise in different ways.” Trending right now: These hidden iOS 10 features will change the way you use your iPhone MacBook Pro’s bleeding-edge graphics: Like a gaming PC from 2012 Developers and creative pros are blasting Apple’s new MacBook Pro See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? By Victoria Song October 28, 2016 12:58pm EST 10 Comments There's a shiny new MacBook Pro in town. But is it worth trading in last year's Pro or the MacBook Air? Another fall, another #AppleEvent, and another chance for the Cult of Apple to shake out their wallets and dive between the couch cushions to scrounge up the extra cash for a shiny new MacBook Pro. On the 25th anniversary of Apple unveiling its first laptop, Tim Cook took to the stage in Cupertino on Thursday to unveil a new MacBook Pro, which he said is the "thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro ever." That's par for the course at these events, though. The biggest announcement was the inclusion of the Touch Bar—a thin strip that replaces the function keys with multi-touch, app-specific gestures; it's a neat workaround for anyone put off by the idea of a touch-screen laptop. There's also a Touch ID power button on the MacBook Pro now, which will tap in to Apple Pay, of course. But are these additions a) what Apple fans really want, and b) a compelling enough reason to upgrade from your 13-inch MacBook Air or last year's MacBook Pro? Name Apple MacBook Pro 13-Inch (2016) Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch, Retina Display (2015) Apple MacBook Air 13-inch (2015)   Lowest Price %displayPrice% %seller% $1499.00 MSRP %displayPrice% %seller% $1299.00 MSRP %displayPrice% %seller% $999.00 MSRP Editor Rating     Processor Name Intel Core i5-6360U Intel Core i5-5257U Intel Core i5-5250U Processor Speed 2.0 GHz 2.7 GHz 1.6 GHz Operating System Apple macOS Sierra Apple OS X El Capitan Apple OS X El Capitan RAM 8 GB 8 GB 4 GB Storage Capacity (as Tested) 256 GB 128 GB 128 GB Graphics Card Intel Iris 540 Intel Iris 6100 Intel HD Graphics 6000 Screen Size 13.3 inches 13.3 inches 13.3 inches Resolution 2560 x 1600 2560 x 1600 1440 x 900 Storage Type SSD Flash storage Flash storage Weight 2.99 lbs 3.48 lb 2.96 lbs   Read the Review Read the Review Read the Review If you're concerned about heft, the new 13-inch MacBook Pro is 14.9mm thick, 17 percent thinner than last year's MacBook Pro, with 23 percent less volume. The 15-inch version comes in at 15.5mm thick, which is 14 percent thinner and 20 percent less volume than its predecessor. The new 13-inch is a mere 3 pounds—on par with the MacBook Air—while the 15-inch is 4 pounds. And while the Air is famous for its slim, tapered shape, the new 13-inch MacBook Pro still has it beat; it's 12 percent thinner and has 13 percent less volume than MacBook Air. The body is Apple's familiar sleek aluminum; get it in silver or space gray. The new MacBook Pro also sports a Retina display that's 67 percent brighter, has 67 percent more contrast ratio, and increases the color gamut by 25 percent. That translates to a 2,560-by-1,600 resolution on the 13-inch—the same as last year's Pro, but superior to the 1,920-by-1,080 resolution on the Air. The 15-inch comes in at 2,880-by-1,800 resolution. The keyboard also gets an update with second-generation butterfly switches, while the size of the Force Touch trackpad has been increased by 46 percent. At the risk of being called a gimmick, the Touch Bar was introduced as an "about time" update to the function keys. The Retina display technology replaces standard system functions, like brightness and volume control, and can adapt to whatever software you're currently using. So, if you're browsing in Safari, the Touch Bar will show you buttons for your favorite websites. If you're in Photos, you can straighten out your crooked photos with a swipe of a finger. When typing, it'll show you QuickType suggestions for frequently used words—much like an iPhone might. Professionally, Apple made an appeal to filmmakers, graphic artists, and musicians by demoing the Touch Bar's integration with popular programs like Final Cut Pro and Photoshop. But while the Touch Bar is new to the MacBook Pro, this isn't necessarily the first time we've seen something like it. The Lenovo X1 Carbon Touch also replaced the function keys with a similar touch strip called the Adaptive Function Row. Another more subtle update is the Touch ID power button. With the new MacBook Pro, you'll be able to login simply by pressing on the Power button. It features a second-generation sensor covered with sapphire crystal and is supported by the Apple T1 chip. Apple was quick to point out that this will make it easy to buy things through Apple Pay; if you share the MacBook Pro, you can switch between users with a tap of your finger. While Apple was keen to push these two updates as major reasons to upgrade, it's important to note that the MacBook Pros with Touch Bar and Touch ID opt for four Thunderbolt 3 ports, a headphone jack, and...that's it. A 13-inch version without Touch Bar/Touch ID has two Thunderbolt ports. By comparison, last year's MacBook Pro came complete with an HDMI port, two Thunderbolt 2 ports, an SDXC card reader, and two USB 3.0 ports. The 13-inch MacBook Air comes with a headset jack, two microphones, a MagSafe 2 power jack, two USB 3.0 ports, Thunderbolt 2 port, and an SDXC card reader. Anyone looking to upgrade should be comfortable buying a few extra dongles. The starting $1,799 configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID features a sixth-generation 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Intel Iris Graphics 550, 8GB of memory, a 256GB PCIe-based solid-state drive, and up to 10 hours of battery life. While this is an improvement from the 2015 MacBook Pro, which had a fifth-generation Intel Core i5, and the Air, it's still not the most current seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor, a bit of a head scratcher considering the price. And even though we know it has a sixth-generation Intel chip, it's unclear what the exact Core i5 processor will be. At the end of the day, that's what it really comes down to. The 13-inch 2015 MacBook Pro started at $1,299, while the 13-inch Air starts at a neat $999. Does an extra $500-$800 for the Touch Bar, Touch ID, and four Thunderbolt ports merit an upgrade? (And don't forget to factor in those dongles!) For most people, probably not. Fans of ultraportability and port options can opt for another MacBook Air or stick with their current MacBook Pro. But if your MacBook is wheezing and on the verge of death, or you're super excited by Touch Bar and Touch ID, the new MacBook Pro might be the revolutionary high-end ultraportable of your dreams. Back to top Previous : Microsoft Offers Surface Discount for MacBook Trade-Ins Rumor: iPhone, MacBook to Get Wireless Charging, More RAM Next : By Victoria Song Analyst, Hardware Victoria Song is an analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Since graduating from Temple University’s Japan Campus in 2010, she's been found reporting and editing in every corner of the newsroom at The ACCJ Journal, The Japan News, and New York bureau of The Yomiuri Shimbun. In her spare time, she bankrupts herself going to theater, buying expansions to board games, and cleaning out the stacks at The Strand. Someday, she hopes Liverpool FC will win the league, but she isn’t holding her breath.... More » More Stories by Victoria Alienware 13 Think you need a hulking, insanely expensive gaming desktop for VR? Think again. The Alienware 13 is... More » MSI GeForce GTX 1050 2G OC If you're looking to save money on your upgrade, or don't have a lot of space to work with, the MSI ... More » Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1050 Ti G1 Gaming 4G The Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1050 Ti G1 Gaming 4G is an excellent budget video card that offers one-clic... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition How to Solve the World’s Most Pressing Problem Carbon Dioxide Emissions Close to Flat for Third Straight Year, Report Says Paid Family Leave Could Be a Reality in Trump’s America Watch Drake Dance in Pink Fur in His Opulent New Music Video ‘Sneakin’ New Google Doodle Tips Hat to Sir Frederick Banting, Father of Diabetes Treatment Three Cows Have Been Marooned on Tiny Patch of Land in New Zealand Earthquake That Twist and 4 Other Things We Learned About Westworld Watch Peanut the Baby Panda Take Her First Adorably Clumsy Steps Our Digital Lives Are Spilling Into Our Real Lives Read Leonard Cohen’s Son’s Emotional ‘Thank You’ to His Father: ‘For the Wisdom he Dispensed’ TIME Tech Gadgets What Apple and Microsoft’s New Computers Say About the Future of PCs Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Oct. 28, 2016 SHARE Apple and Microsoft's new MacBook Pro and Surface Studio, respectively, are a recognition that desktops and laptops are increasingly professional tools, not consumer gadgets + READ ARTICLE The PC industry is in crisis, and it’s our fault. We used to use our home computers for everything from checking email, to surfing the web, to listening to music. Now we’re doing that with our smartphones, tablets, and even voice-controlled, Internet-connected speakers. These shifts in consumer behavior have thrown the PC market into free fall. Global shipments dropped 3.9% year-over-year this past quarter, according to research firm IDC. Computer makers like Lenovo and HP have responded by trying to make their PCs more like tablets. Their two-in-one “hybrid” devices can work as both a desktop and a tablet, powered by Microsoft’s touchscreen-friendly Windows 10. There’s evidence the market for these hybrids is is growing. But that hasn’t been enough to stop the bleeding. “The total available market for shipping PCs into the home is getting smaller and smaller,” says IDC analyst Linn Huang. Even in this grim environment, Apple and rival Microsoft aren’t giving up on PCs. Both companies this week unveiled new computers that, taken together, offer a glimpse of what the future holds for desktops and laptops. With Apple’s new MacBook Pro laptop, the standout feature is a touchscreen strip called the Touch Bar. It offers different functionality depending on what app the user has open. Launch iTunes, and you’ll see playback controls. Switch to Safari, and you’ll see a list of your open tabs. The Touch Bar also packs Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint scanner, enabling mobile payments and lightning-fast switching between user accounts. Microsoft’s new Surface Studio, meanwhile, is a behemoth desktop with a built-in hinge that allows it to lie nearly flat. When combined with the firm’s Surface Pen stylus and new Surface Dial control input, the Studio offers an experience more akin to using a drawing desk or an easel than a computer. It’s a bold effort for what is, believe it or not, the four-decade-old firm’s first desktop computer. Taken together, Apple’s new MacBook Pro and Microsoft’s Surface Studio are an acknowledgement of a reality facing PC vendors: Desktops and laptops are increasingly becoming more useful as professional tools than consumer gadgets. That explains the flashy new features: You and I probably don’t need a desktop that folds down to a 20-degree angle, but an architect or graphic artist might. It also justifies their sky-high cost. The MacBook Pros with the Touch Bar start at $1,799, while the Surface Studio will set you back at least $2,999. Those price tags are tough for an everyday user to justify, but professionals might see the machines as an investment if they’re making money by using them. Indeed, while unveiling the new MacBook Pro, Apple pitched its Touch Bar as a boon for video and photo editors, DJs, artists and other creatives. Microsoft’s Surface Studio reveal, meanwhile, was crafted to pitch the computer and Dial accessory as a content creators’ dream. Meanwhile, if you’re a student writing a term paper or a parent uploading pictures to Facebook, you’re probably fine with a tablet or hybrid like an iPad or Surface Pro, or an inexpensive computer like a Chromebook. To be sure, there are other computer makers out there offering mid-range desktops and laptops, mostly running Windows. But Apple and Microsoft at least appear convinced that the PC is for professionals, and speedier processors, sharper screens and better keyboards alone aren’t enough to entice them to buy new computers. (The situation is different for office workers, says IDC’s Huang, who will be long tied to the PC.) All this is important because of Apple and Microsoft’s stature in the technology world. Apple has long been a trendsetter in PCs — the first MacBook Air was a revelation, heralding the age of the ultrabook. Microsoft is a comparatively new player in hardware, but its bold efforts like the Surface Book are attracting well-deserved attention. That said, neither company makes much of their money from desktops and laptops, and that isn’t likely to change. But the computers these two firms produce could very well set the tone for the PCs of the future. That being true, expect plenty more high-powered, feature-packed, very expensive machines. The rest of us, meanwhile, will keep on swiping at our smartphones. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Give your Fujifilm X Series camera a free wellness check in New York City at the Wonder Photo Shop Back To News Next Story Photographer crafts custom Nikon camera body Halloween costume…and it actually captures photos! Firmware Friday: iPhone 7 Plus portrait beta; updates for Sigma sd Quattro, MC-11 converter, 150-600 lens 150-600mm apple firmware firmware friday firmware update iphone 7 plus iphone 7 plus portrait mode mc-11 sd quattro sigma sigma sd quattro by Mike Tomkins posted Friday, October 28, 2016 at 3:19 PM EST     After a brief hiatus last week, Firmware Friday returns this week with news of updates from both Apple and Sigma. We've covered Apple's iOS 10.1 update, which includes a beta release of the Portrait Camera function for the iPhone 7 Plus, in an earlier article. Hence we'll focus on Sigma's news here. Sigma sd Quattro, MC-11 EF-E Mount Converter and 150-600mm F5-6.3 DG OS HSM | Sports / Contemporary lenses First up, we have firmware version 1.03 for the Sigma sd Quattro digital camera. This makes but one change: A fix for potential camera lockups when shooting via a tether from Sigma Capture Pro if the AF Capture, AF Drive Only or MF Capture buttons were pressed. If you've been troubled by this issue, you can download the Sigma sd Quattro firmware version 1.03 update here. Moving on to the MC-11 mount converter, there's an update to firmware version 1.02 for the Canon EF to Sony E-mount variant. This makes several changes: Firstly, support has been added for Sigma's 12-24mm F4 DG HSM | Art, 500mm F4 DG OS HSM | Sports and 85mm F1.4 DG HSM | Art lenses. Startup time has also been reduced by removing the focus cycle when the camera is powered on, and support for lens-based stabilization has been added when using lenses incompatible with body-based stabilization. Finally, AF accuracy has been improved for some Canon lenses, and distortion correction is now indicated correctly when using Sigma's 24-105mm F4 DG OS HSM | Art lens. You can download the MC-11 EF-E mount converter update here. Finally, we come to the closely-related Sigma 150-600mm F5-6.3 DG OS HSM | Sports and Contemporary lenses. Here, the changes are applicable only if you're shooting with the Canon or Sigma-mount versions, but not their Nikon-mount equivalents. The precise changes made vary depending upon your mount type. If you own a Sigma-mount variant of either lens, the only changes made are to improve AF accuracy when mounted on the Sigma sd Quattro camera body, or the MC-11 SA-E mount adapter. If you're shooting with the Canon-mount variants, you'll also get improved AF accuracy with the equivalent MC-11 EF-E mount adapter or when shooting unadapted in live view mode on an EOS camera body. This change will come accompanied by reduced aperture diaphragm noise when shooting movies using this adapter, or shooting on an unadapted EOS body. The degree of the improvements on EOS bodies will vary with the camera model. Finally, there's now compatibility with the Canon EOS C300 Mark II camera body as well. You can get the lens updates at the links below: Sigma 150-600mm F5-6.3 DG OS HSM | Sports firmware version 1.05 for Canon / version 1.02 for Sigma 150-600mm F5-6.3 DG OS HSM | Contemporary firmware version 1.03 for Canon / version 1.01 for Sigma And that's it for this week's roundup. Be sure to check back next time for more firmware news! (Camera parts image courtesy of Kelly Hofer / Flickr; used under a Creative Commons CC-BY-2.0 license. Image has been modified from the original.) Tweet Comment Previous Story Give your Fujifilm X Series camera a free wellness check in New York City at the Wonder Photo Shop Back To News Next Story Photographer crafts custom Nikon camera body Halloween costume…and it actually captures photos! Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2016. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram UserName LOG IN REGISTER TV Movies Music What to Stream Doctor Strange Westworld Moonlight Donald Trump Black Mirror Search Sections Home TV Movies Music What to Stream Hot Topics Doctor Strange Westworld Moonlight Donald Trump Black Mirror Vulture's Network NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer The Cut Grub Street Science of Us Bedford & Bowery Like UsFollow UsFollow Us Popular on Vulture The Death Star Strikes in the New Rogue One Trailer » vine October 28, 2016 4:34 p.m. The 23 Most Important Vines of All Time By The Editors <span>To celebrate Vine&rsquo;s untimely death, we&rsquo;ve selected 23 Vines that truly represent the service.</span> 142 Shares Share 139 Tweet 0 Share 3 Share Email Print Share Video-sharing app Vine — which will be discontinued in the coming weeks — was one of the strangest, dumbest, and most creative places online. But don’t take our word for it! What follows are the greatest Vines of all time, as chosen by Select All editors and colleagues. They are in no particular order, and run the full gamut of Vine — from stupidly hilarious to hilariously stupid. Long may they loop in our memory. Apple Store Woman In many ways, the Apple Store woman was the quintessential Vine. She is at once both hilarious in her anger, and understandable. Anyone who owns an Apple product has had to endure the Apple Store. This woman is a monument to that experience. —Brian Feldman Squidward Hit the Dab The brevity of Vines and the easiness of recording them made them superb for capturing moments that nobody might believe otherwise, such as the Squidward dabbing. Nobody would believe that this happened were it not for Vine, and honestly, I still kinda don’t. —BF Why You Always Lying So many questions about this one, but the two I always think of are: (1) why wasn’t this released as a single, and (2) what’s up with the toilet? —BF Eyebrows on Fleek Vine, for as short-lived as it was, bore new additions to the cultural vocabulary that will outlast us all. Never forget “on fleek,” created by Peaches Monroee two years ago to describe the next-level flawlessness of her eyebrows. (Because “on point” just didn’t do them justice.) It has since been adapted (and appropriated) for those crucial “feeling myself” moments, no matter how uncool you still sound saying it out loud. —Dee Lockett Back at It Again Krispy Kreme This is the Vine that finally made me understand the hypnotizing power of the Loop. Every time I watch it, I think, “This is it. This time, the video will continue on and we’ll see the sign hit the ground.” But the sign never hits the ground and shatters, and it never will. —BF Do It for the Vine The sole purpose of Vine was to set aside all dignity in the name of internet fame. Grown folks knew this, teens knew this, but young children? They are mere pawns in the scheme, but dammit, if they haven’t been responsible for some of the best Vines. Just look at this little star-in the-making — she slyly pretends she won’t “do it for the Vine,” but you know she will. And when she does “it,” you’ll melt forever. —DL Duck Army We all know that the sound of one rubber duck toy honking is annoying. But who knew that the sound of a whole bin is (1) more like pained moaning, and (2) completely horrifying? What really gets me is the wide-eyed frozen expressions painted on the ducks’ faces, as if they’re trying to get somebody, anybody, to help free them from this miserable, loud, rubbery existence. I wonder how long it took for this hideous flock’s moans to die out after the Viner slinked away. Pour one out for all the toy-store employees who had to deal with teens re-creating this nightmare. —Marissa Cetin Hater Blockers Me. —BF Weed Crayon There are a million different things happening in this Vine. It’s like one of those hidden-image galleries in Highlights where you had to find the shoe hidden in the tree. Each time you watch it, something wrong — and yet, so right — will reveal itself. In the history of civilization, there has never been a joke funnier than dialing 911 into a microwave. —BF I Tapped the Breaks On a trip home from McDonald’s, after Vine star Lauren Lavoie executed one well-placed pump of the brakes, her sister Joanne gagged on a McFlurry spoon and emitted a guttural retch that would later become the audio centerpiece of a Vine that would reach 70 million users. The moment, the gag specifically, went onto become a favorite meme among power Vine users and was remixed countless times to great pop-cultural effect. — Kenny Wassus Broom Broom For whatever, tragic reason, the original Vine of Scottish teenager Trish Simmonds pretending to drive her mom’s car has been removed. But the short film loses none of its power as a YouTube that retains the full narrative arc: Trish is in the car, and then her mom tells her to get out of the car, and then Trish is sad. Poetry. — Max Read Jeb Bush Loves Technology This is probably Jeb! Bush’s most important contribution to this election, edited by Election Vine Hero Vic Berger IV from a campaign video of “Jeb[!]’s Silicon Valley Favorites,” in which Jeb! literally just names things. The *chef’s kiss* of the Vine is whatever that uncomfortable intake of breath and smile Jeb! is. Please clap! —MC Shovel Vine As lovely and warm and funny as Vine could be, it could also be a place of unspeakable (but still, honestly, funny) violence. Shovel girl — Miranda Fugate — is fine, by the way. —MR Hemtube Dance It isn’t what we say that defines us, but what we do when alone in our apartment. Korean Viner hemtube showed us how she celebrates new comfy pajamas with the help of her cat and a killer loop lifted from vaporwave artist HOME. —Byron Hulcher Ounces Unicorn The rhythmically perfect pairing of Migos’s “Ounces” and the floor routine of a person in a very elaborate unicorn costume, at what appears to be some sort of children’s assembly, makes this Vine transcendent. An added bonus are the two seated mascot types in the background at the very beginning of the clip, who play the perfect hypemen as our unicorn star begins its march into Vine infamy. — Andrew Leigh What Are Those In 2015, a year fraught with tension toward police and issues with filming them, Vine user A-RODney King added much-needed levity when he demanded an on-duty and unexpecting officer answer for his Frankenstein-esque combat boots. “WHAT ARE THOSE?” went onto garner nearly 40 million loops, and prompted thousands of users to create their own takes of the meme. —KW Do You Guys Even Listen to Drake? Canadian Vine star Jus Reign wants to know: Do these guys even listen to Drake? Reign, a breakout star for videos in which he plays himself and a stern father who calls him ugly, is a master of squeezing both a joke, and its surreal unraveling, into the short six seconds Vine allows. —MR Today’s Forecast TFW you hear Vine is getting shut down. —MR Nae Nae to Anything The best Vines surprised you with a new spin on a classic song. The best Viners were black high school students. Therefore, this is a perfect Vine. — Sarah Caldwell The Quiznos Sign Spinner The beauty of this Vine is that you think this prodigious Quiznos employee is nailing it with his sign twirls and flips … that is, until the narrator swoops in with a pithy observation. It’s rough out there for a sign spinner. — Christine Nguyen My Best Friend Whatever happened to the original “That’s My Best Friend” Vine seems to be about as much of a mystery as how Kendall Jenner and Young Thug also came to be credited for it. Still, there’s no question that rapper Toyko Vanity, in one tribute to her BFF, created an instant-classic meme beyond her own control. She even turned it into a full song and ringtone! We’ll always remember it as our best anthem for Shine Theory. —DL Post Up WorldStarHipHop used to be the place we all went to indulge our petty tendencies, but who knew the most scathing playground fight in middle-school history would live on Vine? There is no recovering from this level of poised character assassination. RIP to all her haters. —DL Who Is She? No one knows. Related The Death of Vine Makes the Internet a Worse Place Tags:vinewhat are those? Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Most Watched on Vulture Top Stories Fantastic Beasts Filmmakers Weigh In on Who Should Play Young Dumbledore Albert Tsai on Dr. Ken and His Very Busy Sitcom Career The Twist in Arrival Is More Than Just a Surprise Ending Most Viewed Stories Trump Talks Wall, Deportations, Roe v. Wade, and Clinton’s Future in 60 Minutes Interview 830 Shares Share Tweet 60 Minutes, SNL, and the Normalization of Donald Trump 750 Shares Share Tweet John Oliver Wants You to Remember That Trump ‘Is Not Normal’ 2.5k Shares Share Tweet Billy Eichner and Jon Hamm Ask the People of New York If They Would Have a Threesome With Them 1.8k Shares Share Tweet Dave Chappelle Unleashes Powerful Stand-up Monologue About the Year’s Tragedies on SNL 5k Shares Share Tweet What to Stream Now See what’s new and notable on Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and HBO Westworld Recap: Blood Sacrifice 88 Shares Share Tweet The Limitations of Westworld’s Surprise Twist 104 Shares Share Tweet Our Biggest Questions After Westworld, Episode 7 56 Shares Share Tweet The Walking Dead Recap: Easy Peasy 63 Shares Share Tweet See How the Actors on The Crown Compare to Their Real-Life Counterparts 1.2k Shares Share Tweet Latest News from Vulture 6:07 p.m.Lena Dunham Left Paul Ryan a Voicemail, Wants You to Do the Same If You’re Upset About Steve Bannon’s Appointment "Hi, Speaker Ryan. This is Lena Dunham calling." 5:29 p.m.Jim Parsons Will Play a BuzzFeed Editor in Brother Orange Movie Based on the real story of an "unlikely friendship." 5:22 p.m.Does a Normal Frame Rate Make Billy Lynn a Better Movie? What exactly does a higher frame rate accomplish? 4:54 p.m.Family Guy’s Showrunner Promises a New Direction With ‘Fresher’ Plots Meg might get her own coming-out plot. 4:52 p.m.Insecure’s Yvonne Orji on Why We’re All Molly, Dating Struggles, and Filming Sex Scenes As a Virgin "You don’t want to be out here in these dating streets! It’s not for the faint of heart." 4:23 p.m.Judge Orders Making a Murderer Subject Brendan Dassey’s Release From Prison His murder conviction was overturned in August. 4:14 p.m.Ava DuVernay Warns Oprah That Mass Incarceration Might Only Grow Worse Under President Donald Trump "He's very 'good at business' and he feels that it's a business." 3:00 p.m.Quantico Showrunner: Trump’s Election Will Change the Direction of the Show "[Quantico] represents America but not the America that has just been elected." 2:56 p.m.Michael Che’s Netflix Special Will Give You a Pretty Good Black Lives Matter Analogy to Use in That Facebook Argument It's streaming on Netflix November 25. 2:48 p.m.PBS Anchor Gwen Ifill Has Died at 61 The veteran journalist and news anchor passed from cancer on Monday. 2:41 p.m.You Need This Clip of Maya Angelou and James Baldwin Right Now It's 90 seconds that will make you feel better about the world. 2:27 p.m.7 Fascinating TV Pilots That Never Made It to Series (That You Can Watch) What could have been. 1:50 p.m.HBO Renews Westworld, Divorce, and Insecure Westworld likely won't return until 2018. 1:49 p.m.The 15 Best Unreleased Beatles Songs That You Can Listen to Now Incredibly, there's still great music by the Fab Four that hasn't been officially released. 1:34 p.m.New Jackie Trailer: Natalie Portman Faces the JFK Assassination With Impeccable Poise and a Very Dramatic Accent "People like to believe in fairy tales." 1:27 p.m.The Rock Won’t Rule Out a Presidential Run, Which Is Probably a Bad Idea But Honestly It’s Hard to Do Worse The Republican actor spoke out at a Moana press conference. 1:15 p.m.Billy Eichner and Jon Hamm Ask the People of New York If They Would Have a Threesome With Them Oh, come on! 1:06 p.m.Brett Gelman ‘Severs Ties’ With Adult Swim Over the ‘Misogyny of Their Policies’ He's not happy about the network's show catering to the alt-right, either. 12:53 p.m.The Best Episode for Each Gilmore Girls Character When I die, scatter my ashes in Paris's meltdown. 12:25 p.m.Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk Is an Overstuffed Satire, But Its Heart’s in the Right Place Few war movies are as far-reaching, angry, and genuinely tragic. Load More Home TV Movies Music Books New On Netflix Newsletters Facebook Twitter RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We're Hiring! © 2016, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks Close But we noticed you're visiting us with an ad blocker We understand the reasons for blocking, but Vulture depends on ads to pay our writers and editors. We're working hard to improve the ad experience on our site, but in the mean time, we'd really appreciate it if you added us to the approved list in your ad blocker. Thanks for the support! How King Cobra Found Its Gay Porn Star Bob Dylan Will Go to Nobel Ceremony If He Can Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Spectre x360 vs. the New MacBook Pro: Flagships… Spectre x360 vs. the New MacBook Pro: Flagships from Apple and HP duke it out By Jayce Wagner — October 28, 2016 11:55 AM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here HP Envy Spectre 360x – 13-4003dx MSRP $899.00 Learn More Apple’s latest MacBook Pro will hit store shelves in a matter of weeks, but will refreshed hardware and an OLED Touch Bar be enough to compete in an increasingly tough marketplace? Let’s compare the specs of the new MacBook Pro against those of another powerful 13-inch notebook, the HP Spectre x360. Related: Apple’s new MacBook Pro doesn’t outrun competitors, but the Touch Bar is special Performance When you’re buying a 13-inch laptop, you’re going to sacrifice a little horsepower for portability, and it shows on the new MacBook Pro and the HP Spectre x360. Neither one is spectacularly powerful, but they can both be outfitted with increased storage space and RAM, though those options can get costly pretty quick. Comparing the base specs for both laptops, they’re on even footing. MacBook 13-inch (with Touch Bar) HP Spectre x360 Size 11.97 x 8.36 x 0.59 inches 12.03 x 8.58 x 0.54 inches Weight 3.02 pounds 2.85 pounds Display 13.3 inch Retina Display 13.3-inch touch display Resolution 2,560 x 1600 1,920 x 1080 Operating System MacOS Sierra Windows 10 Storage 256, 512GB, 1TB SSD 256, or 512GB SSD CPU Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5 / Intel Core i7 RAM 8GB or 16GB 8GB or 16GB Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 550 Intel HD Graphics 620 Camera Front 720p FaceTime camera Front 720p Connectivity  Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 4x USB-C Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3x USB 3.0, HDMI, Mini DisplayPort Battery Up to 10 hours Up to 15 hours Price $1,800 base model $1,050 base model Availability 2-3 weeks Available now DT review Hands-on Hands-on The new MacBook Pro features a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor alongside 8GB of RAM, which is nearly identical to the base model HP Spectre x360. Though it’s worth pointing out that the Spectre’s CPU is a 7th-generation Kaby Lake model, while the MacBook’s is a 6th-generation Skylake model. Though similar in raw clock speed, you might get a little extra mileage out of the Spectre’s processor, plus it can be upgraded to an Intel Core i7 for a little extra cash. The Mac does have an advantage in maximum storage size though, not to mention that the onboard Intel Iris graphics chip will outperform the Intel HD graphics chip found in the x360. All-in-all though, they’re pretty evenly matched, with a slight edge going to the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar. Display This one’s another area where the HP Spectre X360 and 13-inch MacBook Pro come to the table evenly matched, but they both have a couple tricks up their sleeves. The Spectre’s display is crisp, sharp, detailed, but not quite as high-resolution as the MacBook Pro. However, the Spectre x360 comes with a touchscreen, and the MacBook Pro does not. Remember, the Spectre x360 is a convertible 2-in-1 laptop, so it pulls double duty as a tablet. For that reason, it’s might look like the Spectre has a leg up on the MacBook Pro in this round, but there are a couple other factors to consider. Related: Fans of Apple’s cinema display may have to wait a while for an update. However, the MacBook Pro features a brand new Touch Bar where the function keys used to be, so you’ll be able to get a taste of a touchscreen experience. For the display category, the MacBook Pro comes out on top on account of its superior resolution. But if you’re a fan of tablets and you need your laptop to have a touchscreen, you might overlook those missing pixels on the HP Spectre x360. Portability Apple made a lot of noise about the latest MacBook Pro being the thinnest, lightest, Pro offering in their lineup, but the HP Spectre x360 is also remarkably thin, particularly for a 2-in-1. The Spectre made waves earlier this year as one of the thinnest 2-in-1 laptops available, weighing in at just over half an inch thick altogether. Similarly, the 13-inch MacBook Pro also comes in at just over half an inch thick. So, we’re going to have to take a closer look. The HP Spectre x360 has a minuscule advantage here, with a height of 0.54 inches, which is just a hair thinner than the MacBook Pro which is exactly 0.59 inches thick. The Spectre also weighs less, at 2.58 pounds to the MacBook’s 3.02 pounds. All right, that’s splitting hairs, so which one is going to be more comfortable to carry around? The HP Spectre x360 is actually lighter by a fair margin, certainly enough to feel when you heft both laptops. You’re not likely to notice much of a difference once you toss it in your bag, but it’s worth noting that the Spectre is significantly lighter and a little thinner. In fact, the HP Spectre x360 might come out further ahead since it’s capable of performing as a tablet, and offers a slightly more versatile user experience – and may have better battery life, at a quoted maximum of 15 hours against the Mac’s 10 hours. Manufacturer estimates can be unreliable, so you should take that with a grain of salt. But, the HP does actually have a bigger battery, at 57.8 watts against the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar, which has a 49.2 watt-hour unit.  So there’s reason to think the HP may in fact be the winner. This round goes to the HP Spectre x360 hands-down, it’s thinner, lighter, has a bigger battery, and can pull double-duty as a tablet making it the all around winner when it comes to portability. Connectivity If you look at wireless connections like Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth, the MacBook Pro and HP Spectre x360 have identical specs. Both support 802.11ac, and Bluetooth 4.0, the differences really come into sharp contrast when you have a look at those other ports. The USB ports. Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Given Apple’s war on ports, it should come as little surprise that the 13-inch MacBook Pro has done away with the MagSafe port in favor of a streamlined design which features four identical USB-C ports, and a single headphone jack. The MacBook Pro does not support USB-A, the traditional USB plug you’ve probably got lying around your home or office, so you might have to invest in some adapters if you’ve been eyeing the MacBook Pro. That said, the HP Spectre x360 also features a streamlined design and foregoes connectivity in favor of simplicity. The Spectre features two USB-C ports, one USB-A port, and one headphone jack. So, if you’re keeping score, the HP Spectre has four ports to the MacBook Pro’s five. This round is a draw. The MacBook technically has one more port than the Spectre, but the Spectre has at least one traditional USB port, and while USB-C is definitely the future of the I/O standard, most of us still have USB-A peripherals lying around so that port is going to see some serious use. Design If there’s one thing that sets the HP Spectre x360 and the MacBook Pro apart, it’s design. One epitomizes a classic, tried and true design, while the other forges down a new path, offering a uniquely flexible user experience. The MacBook Pro is, like all other Apple computers, built to exacting specifications. The internals are fitted perfectly within the chassis, without a single wasted millimeter, and it shows. The new MacBook Pro is just as solid, beautiful and understated as it always has been. It’s an elevation of the typical laptop design, rather than a radical reinterpretation and just by looking at it you’ll be able to tell if it’s the choice for you. Related: Apple debuted more than just new MacBooks at today’s big event.  The HP Spectre x360 on the other hand applies similarly high-quality build standard to a new form factor. The HP attempts tp deliver on the same kind of experience you’d have with a MacBook Pro, with the added functionality you’d get out of a tablet, and it succeeds for the most part. We’re going to just barely give this round to the MacBook Pro. The Spectre is an admirable attempt to capture that premium feel, but it’s just a hair behind, we feel. This mostly has to do with looks. Both laptops are very solid, but we think the appearance of the Pro is just a bit more alluring, while the Spectre x360 comes off as overly formal and business-like. Pricing This one is about as objective as it gets. Which one is more affordable? Which one will cost me an arm and maybe a leg? We’ll let the numbers speak for themselves. The 13-inch MacBook Pro, with Touch Bar, starts at $1,800. The HP Spectre x360, with nearly identical internal specs, starts at $1,050. The Spectre wins this round handily. You could almost purchase two Spectres for the price of one MacBook Pro, or buy a Spectre now, and buy a new Spectre in a couple years. Conclusion This comparison certainly shows why some users aren’t that excited about the new MacBook Pro. In this comparison, the Pro does come out slightly ahead in performance, display quality, and design. But it also without question loses in portability, and it’s less versatile, since it doesn’t have a touchscreen. Then there’s the price. At $1,800, the least expensive MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is several hundred more than the most expensive HP Spectre x360. Even the MacBook Pro 13 without Touch Bar is $1,500. That’s difficult to accept. Based on the numbers alone — with the caveat that we’ve only had hands-on time with these systems and our full reviews are pending — the HP seems the better buy. Buy HP Spectre x360 from: Best Buy Buy MacBook 13-inch (Touch Bar) from: Apple Also watch: HP Spectre x360 Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > DT Daily > It’s Apple vs. Microsoft all over again:… It’s Apple vs. Microsoft all over again: who’s best now? By Bill Roberson — October 28, 2016 12:00 PM Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends New leaders, old battles: tech titans Apple and Microsoft square off again It’s been a busy week in tech with heavyweights Apple and Microsoft both introducing new computers at their respective events. So who came out on top? Was it Microsoft with their first-ever desktop PC, the futuristic Surface Studio, or Apple, with its toe-dip into touch computing with their all-new line MacBook Pro laptops? Cases can be made for both and we’ve got full coverage of both events including hands-on impressions and opinions on how the rise of touch and 3D technologies could change the way we compute – and create. Buh-bye Vine, it was nice looping you More bad news from Twitter as the social media company says they plan to shutter the Vine app, which while never a giant hit, is still beloved by its many enthusiastic users. Introduced three years ago, Vine let users produce six-second videos that endlessly looped, leading to some pretty creative productions that gave us a lot of laughs – or showed some critical slices of reality, such as clips from the Ferguson protests. Twitter says that while the ability to post new Vines will end in the coming months, clips already posted will live on for our collective enjoyment and will also be downloadable so you can save them. Why kill Vine? It wasn’t a moneymaker for Twitter, and since the company is essentially struggling to stay afloat, we’re not too surprised that it’s getting the ax. Tom Hanks is out to save the world for the 274th time It’s Friday and that means movie night for a lot of people, and the latest chapter in the Da Vinci Code series, called Inferno, opens tonight. DT cinephile Rich Marshall got an early look at the third installment of the Dan Brown trilogy, which stars Tom Hanks of course and is again directed by Ron Howard. Also starring in Inferno? Little-known actress Felicity Jones, who will head up some movie called Rogue One a few weeks from now. Heard of that one? Anyway, Hanks is on the hunt for clues using Dante’s famous Inferno that will hopefully lead him to the bad guys planning to release a terrible virus. Will he figure it all out in time, despite having ill-timed bouts of amnesia from a head injury? Wow, that really does sound like a movie plot. Be sure to leave your review in the comments section.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Apple might turn the Touch Bar display into static… Apple might turn the Touch Bar display into static function keys for Boot Camp users By Mark Coppock — October 28, 2016 9:00 AM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) MSRP $1,399.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More The biggest change to Apple’s MacBook Pro line was unveiled at the company’s October 27 event, with the announcement of the first touchscreen ever to make its way to MacOS hardware. After months of speculation, Apple showed off the Touch Bar, a strip of touch-sensitive OLED screen that changes with the computing task at hand.  The screen is located where the function keys used to be. That’s a welcome addition if you’re a MacOS user who wants another way to control applications. But what if you’re a Windows user running the MacBook Pro using Apple’s Boot Camp dual-boot system? The answer is simple — the Touch Bar turns into a static row of virtual function keys, MacRumors reports. Related: Apple’s Boot Camp only supports Windows 10  The question was asked and answered via an email exchange between Apple user Abraham and Apple software engineer chief Craig Frederight. Abraham asked, “Craig, am I correct in assuming that the Touch Bar becomes a row of visual function keys when using Windows with Boot Camp?” Federight answered, “You are indeed!” Given the incredibly thin and light nature of the new MacBooks, their enhanced trackpads and keyboards, and the improvements in connectivity options, one can assume that the machines will be at least as popular among Windows users as past MacBooks have been. The Windows ecosystem is strong in its own right, with machines like Dell’s XPS 13 and HP’s latest Spectre x360 offering their own benefits to Windows users, but Apple’s options remain good ones as well. There’s no word yet if Boot Camp will ever support more advanced Touch Bar features with Windows. It’s possible they won’t because Touch Bar support might be baked into MacOS at a deeper level, and Apple may have no real desire to give up such a strong advantage of MacOS on its own hardware. Boot Camp has always provided decent Windows support, but nobody could ever call it equal to MacOS. Apple hasn’t confirmed the email exchange, and so the veracity of this information remains a bit uncertain. Nevertheless, the solution makes perfect sense as a way to maintain Boot Camp’s validity in light of such fundamental changes to the MacBook Pro line. Also watch: Dell Venue 10 7000 Series – Hands on Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video

Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this iPhone Mobile Government Hardware Personal Tech No nudes, bloated apps, Android sucks and 497 other complaints about Apple to the FTC We asked US watchdog to reveal formal gripes against Cupertino 28 Oct 2016 at 21:12, Thomas Claburn Thomas Claburn Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Software Recent Articles Handling tech baggage: How American Airlines, US Airways merged IT New Relic: Turtles? No. It's cloud infrastructure all the way down Gaming is not as addictive Exclusive Apple and its products prompted almost 500 complaints to the US Federal Trade Commission in the past 22 months – a number that suggests the iGiant has cut the rate at which consumers express dissatisfaction. That of course doesn't include social media ire about the new MacBook Pro. The Register sent a Freedom of Information Act request to the FTC seeking "complaints about Apple's iOS App Store developer rules, revenue sharing, or business practices since January 2015." The FTC received the request on October 20 and responded a week later, showing promptness that's unusual for a federal agency. The trade enforcement agency withheld eight complaints under a section of the FTC Act that allows the agency to not disclose material related to a consumer complaint from a foreign source if that source has requested confidentiality. A similar but not identical FOIA request covering the 17-month period between January 2009 and May 2010 produced 450 complaints. On a per month basis, FTC complaints about Apple have declined from 26.5 to 22.6. Though this is an inherently imprecise comparison due to the fact that the information requests were phrased differently, the fact that Apple sold almost 40 million iPhones in 2010 and 232 million in 2015 suggests complaints should scale with customers. The Register asked Apple whether it cared to provide any detail about whether product complaints have risen, fallen, or remained the same relative to unit sales. Apple has not responded. What people complained about The litany of dissatisfaction in the complaints seldom rises to the level of credibility. Many of those voicing their dissatisfaction to the government demonstrate little interest in communicating clearly or presenting an actionable claim. It's almost enough to elicit sympathy for government officials and Apple's customer service team. Some of the grievances involve Apple only tangentially. For example, several people recount being prompted to call Apple technical support using a phone number presented through a Safari popup window and then being told to pay a fee. This is a common scam and isn't exclusive to Apple products. Cord cutters Others have legitimate issues with Apple products that have failed or never worked properly, or with products sold as genuine Apple products that turn out to be something else. Product flaws of this sort affect every hardware maker. About two dozen of the complaints concern cables or cords. Apple has has some issues with these in the past. Battery-related problems and dissatisfaction with having to pay Apple's battery replacement price also come up among the complaints frequently. There are quite a few complaints about App Store charges made by minors without permission, something the FTC dealt with through a 2014 settlement with Apple that nonetheless appears to be an ongoing problem. One of the more substantive complaints involves a request for the FTC to push for a more standardized and transparent way for companies like Apple and Google to handle how apps get withdrawn from the market and how consumers get notified. Safeguards for personal information Another complaint seeks FTC help in reviewing Apple's rules for where it stores the data of its customers. Apple, the complainant wrote, forces US citizens to move data to Apple accounts outside the US when they reside abroad, a requirement that has some privacy and data security implications. The writer claims to be an airline industry worker who has been on a work visa in New Zealand. Apple, the person said, has stopped accepting payment from a Visa card issued through a US banking institution to cover the iCloud storage fee. The complainant faces the prospect of losing the data if the fee isn't paid. Apple customer service, the person said, has advised moving the data to a New Zealand-based account. "My reading suggests that Apple does this for its own convenience, tax purposes, and music copyright laws, and does not take into account how personal documents [of US citizens] stored in the cloud ... are handled in these offshore accounts," the person wrote. "In my view Apple is holding my personal data, documents, and photos hostage by refusing to accept my payment. They then suggest I fix it by 'voluntarily' moving my Apple account and personal data offshore, away from the country [in which] I opened the account and away from the country [where] I am a citizen." Bloated software Objecting to the iOS 8.2 update, one person said, "I believe that Apple is stealing iPhone data storage space with every update that it pushes out to its customers." The Apple Watch app, the person said, is unnecessary and only serves to take up space and advertise the Apple Watch. Another customer from Canada objected the iPhone 4s being advertised as having 16GB of memory when they only have 12.5GB of space available after the operating system and pre-installed apps are taken into consideration. This issue was partially resolved through the release of iOS 10, which allowed iPhone users for the first time to remove the apps that Apple ships with its iPhone. Moving beyond technical complaints, there are only a handful of objections to Apple's business practices. One person writing to the FTC asks the agency to investigate Apple rather than Google over antitrust issues. "Apple really is anti-competitive and exhibits all the behavior that Android is being considered to be anti-competitive for," a complaint says. "This does not make sense. Apple is the company that should be investigated here for making a closed system that competitors cannot touch, for not allowing anyone to sell anything in Apple's ecosystem of devices and software without Apple's consent, for behaving vindictively and using underhanded tactics to push other businesses out of existence …" Blocking repair work Another antitrust-oriented complaint objects to an issue in iOS 9 that prevented certain repairs if done by a non-authorized technician. "Apple has rolled out an updated operating system (iOS 9) that completely disables your device if it has been serviced by a technician not employed by Apple (Error 53)," a person wrote. Apple addressed this issue with a patch in iOS 9.3. Resentment of Apple's control over its software ecosystem comes up in the context of Apple's App Store. "I think it is ridiculous that I can only download and install apps by using Apple's App Store," a complaint says. "It's my phone and I should be able to choose what apps I want to install. "...It seems like those who own an iPhone are forced into a monopoly situation with purchasing apps. I recall a similar situation with Microsoft years ago when the courts ruled that Microsoft wasn't allowed to push Internet Explorer on the people who use the Windows operating system and I feel like this is very similar." Throwing older OS X under a bus Dissatisfaction with Apple's decision to stop supporting older macOS versions with security patches also elicited a complaint. One person objected to the fact that his or her OS X 10.8.5 (Mountain Lion) will not receive a patch for a security vulnerability (CVE-2015-1130). "According to the researcher who discovered and reported the issue, 'Apple indicated that this issue required a substantial amount of changes on their side, and that they will not back port the fix to 10.9.x and older,'" the complainant wrote. "I feel Apple deceived me when they claimed OS X 10.8 was the 'the safest and most secure.' … Apple is clearly deceiving us (the consumers), failing to meet its obligations to us (the consumers), and we (the consumers) need the FTC's help here. The remedy I demand is a patch for the defective operating system." Apple is not alone in its habit of leaving old software behind, unpatched and vulnerable. A recent complaint takes issue with the fact that Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models are available with two different modems. "Apple sells two iPhone 7 variants," the person wrote. "One version has an Intel modem that only supports GSM networks (AT&T – T-Mobile) The other version has a QUALCOMM modem (sold to only Verizon and Sprint) that supports all US networks. Apple is forcing AT&T and T-Mobile customer to purchase an inferior phone." And finally... Perhaps the most provocative complaint comes from someone who wants Apple's policy on nudity changed. "I would like to ask that the Attorney General request or compel Apple to [reverse] its policies regarding adult content/pornography," the person wrote. "The reason I ask is because everything is constantly censored on my devices, which are my property. ... I have had images denied for having a slight bulge in the crotch of my pants. I find these policies harassive, repressive, and in violation of the Constitution's freedom of religion." ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 44 Comments More from The Register Analyst: iPhone 7 points to price jump It is all in the numbers 30 Comments Cheapest Apple iPhone 7's flash memory is waaaaay slower than pricier model Your donation is insufficient. Please buy again 22 Comments FBI wants to unlock another jihadist’s iPhone Apple vs. US round 2 looming 41 Comments Apple sued over shoddy iPhone touchscreens Class action accuses Cupertino of ignoring handset defect 23 Comments Apple iPhone 7 launch hysteria? Not in Viking land Danish fanbois shun birth of latest Jesus mobe... to queue, or not 23 Comments Stingy sapphire lens in Apple's iPhone 7 is as scratchy as glass Campaign for Real Minerals, queue here 32 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 28 AAPL: 113.72 -0.76 Apple says new MacBook Pro’s 16GB RAM limitation is to maintain battery life efficiency Jordan Kahn - 2 weeks ago @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has commented on the decision to limit the new MacBook Pro’s RAM to a maximum 16GB, informing a customer in an email that offering more would make for a compromised experience. Specifically, Apple says that more than 16GB of RAM “at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook.” To put more than 16GB of fast RAM into a notebook design at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook. I hope you check out this new generation MacBook Pro, it really is an incredible system. 9to5Mac confirmed the email response, shared with us by a reader, was sent to a customer by Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller. The new MacBook Pro models for the most part get around 10-hours of battery life across the board, and it sounds like Apple didn’t want to compromise that all-important spec by offering a machine with a 32GB RAM option that might reduce that, as Schiller noted. The new 13-inch models come with 8GB of memory stock with the option to upgrade to 16GB, while the new 15-inch MacBook Pros all come with 16GB standard. Yesterday we gave you a rundown on the current MacBook lineup, comparing all the new models and built-to-order upgrades on offer. Ben also took a look at the MacBook Pro’s GPU options earlier today to see how performance compares between the various options and upgrades available. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 5 minute read Apple Event Sober Thoughts On Apple's New Touch Bar For MacBook Pro Will we look back a year from now and see the Touch Bar as a landmark improvement or just a cool-looking feature that nobody uses that much? [Photo: courtesy of Apple] Mark Sullivan 10.28.16 5:00 PM Yesterday's big Apple event to announce a long-awaited refresh to its Mac line—a couple of new MacBook Pro 13-inch models and new 15-inch model—prompted big headlines, but will the buzz last? You can think of the refresh in two ways: The new machines got the normal component upgrades (faster chip, better battery life, etc.) and a new shell design that’s thinner and smaller than the last generation. That stuff happens with every refresh of an Apple product. The thing that makes the refresh special is the addition of a new feature called the Touch Bar that replaces the row of function keys on the keyboard with a long, narrow OLED touchscreen. The Touch Bar contains a line of shortcuts and content keys that change depending on the program you’re using. (Apple also added a Touch ID button for easier login and for using Apple Pay.) The Touch Bar may be a first step into wider use of touch-screen technology in Macs, and it could lead one day to a MacBook Pro with a full touch-screen display. The Touch Bar can also be seen as the replacement of some physical, tactile controls (the function keys) with a digital interface like we have on our smartphones. But on the day after the announcement (that "ooh that’s cool" moment has worn off), I’m wondering if we’ll look back a year from now and see the Touch Bar as a landmark improvement to the user interface, or as a cool-looking feature that nobody uses that much. I do have my doubts about the Touch Bar's real usefulness. In apps that already rely heavily on shortcuts—like GarageBand and Photoshop—the Touch Bar might be very useful indeed. But in apps that have already evolved to work well with a pointer, I’m not sure people will be able to immediately integrate the Touch Bar options into their workflows. When you’re in the zone cruising around the screen with the touchpad or connected mouse, are you really going to break away from that flow, look down at the keyboard, move your hand away from the touchpad (which, by the way, is twice as big on the new MacBook Pros), and look for the right button on the Touch Bar? Maybe, depending on the app, but it would take some getting used to. People who use programs like Photoshop and Final Cut a lot might not need the Touch Bar controls, because they already have well-worn habits for completing tasks. The Touch Bar might be more helpful for people who are relatively new to those programs. The most useful Touch Bar tricks I saw yesterday fit into two types. The first are controls, such as in the Photoshop Touch Bar, that can be touched with the left hand to select modes and styles, allowing the right hand to go about its business on the touch pad. The second useful tool I saw lets you adjust things, like the angle of an image or the degree of image opacity, by moving a slider back and forth on the Touch Bar. That's something that can't be done as easily using the touch pad. Other Touch Bar uses I’m seeing today don’t look that useful. Microsoft has built Touch Bar integration for its Office apps, but many of them just replicate the function buttons in the apps' command bar. These are things like the bold, italic, and bullet point buttons. Do I really need a new button for those so badly that I'm willing to change my long-used workflows in those programs? I have my doubts. My colleague Harry McCracken points out that Apple did a smart thing opening up the Touch Bar to developers right out of the gate. The value of the Touch Bar could increase if developers begin getting really creative about Touch Bar tools that save clicks and make apps more enjoyable to use. "I think the TouchBar will offer some modest benefits to people—as long as enough application developers take advantage of it," says Technalysis president Bob O’Donnell, "because it keeps the screen clear of your hands, which can be difficult with a traditional touch screen." Without using the new MacBook Pros for a few weeks with my favorite programs, there’s no way of knowing for sure how useful the Touch Bar would really be. But lots of people who are coveting the new MacBook Pros today are in the same boat. My advice to new prospective buyers is this: If you’re going to lay the credit card down for one of the new MacBooks, and if the Touch Bar is a big part of why you’re buying, think hard about how the new feature will fit into your normal work (and play). If you’re simply due for a new MacBook Pro because yours is old, well, I’m not going to dispute that the new MacBooks are worth the money based on their power, design, functionality, and, yes, pure beauty. The new machines are a strong extension of a long tradition of laptop making at Apple, and they are as popular as they are for good reason. It’s interesting to me that Apple decided to offer one SKU of the new MacBook Pro without the Touch Pad. This means the company has identified a market segment that wants the design and component upgrades of the new MacBook Pro but doesn’t attach enough value to the Touch Bar and Touch ID button to pay another $300 for them. And these new machines aren’t cheap. Apple pushed up the prices on this year’s model significantly, relative to the last generation. The 13-inch version of the device with Touch Bar/Touch ID starts at $1,799 compared to the starting price of $1,299 for the 13-inch in the previous generation. The 15-inch model with Touch Bar/ID starts at $2,399. Not everybody is as skeptical as I am. Long-time Apple analyst Tim Bajarin (Creative Strategies) believes the Touch Bar is right in line with Apple’s approach to the user interface. "It reflects Steve Jobs design philosophy that with Macs and laptops it is much easier to use a mouse and keyboard to navigate through applications, and the Touch bar is the next logical implantation of his view on the role of touch," Bajarin says. "I think we will look back and see that the Touch Bar and supported apps will really enhance the laptop experience and be viewed as an important evolution of user interface design." Related Video: The history of Apple in under 3 minutes Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 15 °C Tuesday 15 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags celebgate jennifer lawrence kaley cuoco kate upton Pennsylvania Photos ryan collins See other tags Tags Friday 28 Oct, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3053274 Man jailed for 18 months for hacking nude photos from celebrities' phones 36-year-old Ryan Collins hacked over 100 Apple and Google email accounts in 2014, including those of multiple celebrities. Oct 28th 2016, 9:45 PM 25,572 Views 24 Comments Share64 Tweet Email Jennifer Lawrence (left) and Kate Upton Source: PA AN AMERICAN MAN has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for hacking the accounts of Hollywood stars, which led to the online release of private nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and other celebrities. Ryan Collins, 36, was sentenced in a US District Court in Pennsylvania for a felony violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. The computer hacking charges were related to illegally accessing “over 100 Apple and Google email accounts, including those belonging to members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles”, the US Justice Department said. The “Celebgate” hack led to the online publication in 2014 of hundreds of nude photos of celebrities including Rihanna, Avril Lavigne and Gabrielle Union. The statement did not refer to the victims by name, but several of the victims spoke publicly about the pictures. In May, Collins entered a guilty plea in connection with the hack, and admitted to a “phishing” scheme to obtain passwords, in order to then get nude pictures from the victims’ cloud online storage accounts. No evidence However, officials said there was no evidence that Collins published the pictures online. “Hackers violate federal law whenever they access private information stored online and in digital devices,” said Eileen Decker, US attorney for the central district of California. Decker said that her office will hold hackers accountable “even when they do not sell or distribute the stolen data”. By gaining illegal access to the email accounts, “Collins accessed at least 50 iCloud accounts and 72 Gmail accounts, many of which belonged to female celebrities”. Collins would sometimes also download the entire contents of the victims’ Apple iCloud backups. Collins also “ran a modelling scam in which he tricked his victims into sending him nude photographs”. In September, Edward Majerczyk agreed under a deal with federal authorities to plead guilty to one felony count of unauthorised access to a protected computer in the same “Celebgate” case. © – AFP, 2016 Read: The FBI is re-opening the investigation into the Hillary Clinton email saga Read: Fighter jets escort plane to Scottish airport after communications fail Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: AFP See more articles by AFP Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/celebrity-photo-hacking-sentence-3053274-Oct2016/?embedpost=3053274&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/celebrity-photo-hacking-sentence-3053274-Oct2016/?embedpost=3053274&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/celebrity-photo-hacking-sentence-3053274-Oct2016/?embedpost=3053274&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Man jailed for 18 months for hacking nude photos from celebrities' phones”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Man jailed for 18 months for hacking nude photos from celebrities' phones”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (24 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions An American in Ireland: 'In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart' Sue Norton People might be feeling outrage and sadness but we need to be optimistic too, writes Sue Norton. What is the theory of relativity all about? Dr Cormac O’Raifeartaigh This is the century-old theory that has given us concepts like black holes and the big bang, writes Dr Cormac O’Raifeartaigh. Postnatal depression: The last taboo? Lindsay Robinson It is assumed that having a baby is a time of great joy, love and excitement. Yet I felt unable to cope after the birth, writes Lindsay Robinson. Most Popular Today 1 These three cows have been left stranded after New Zealand's powerful quake 41,116  42 2 The Phoenix Park rail tunnel will open for passengers from next week 39,981  28 3 Trains running again on Maynooth line after man struck and killed 38,871  32 1 Poll: Do you think Ireland should cultivate its own cannabis industry? 976  0 2 Fibre has turned Cork and Mayo into two of the best spots in Ireland for data centres 417  0 3 CityJet pilots vote for strike and warn they will ground airline before Christmas 289  0 1 This sensational Irish team try has just won World Try of the Year 55,955  32 2 'Conor is special... I've never dealt with anybody like this kid' 47,325  36 3 How many more points do Ireland need to secure World Cup qualification? 39,125  18 1 These two Irish guys blagged their way into the McGregor fight in New York for free 11,658  1 2 Which Fictional President Does The World Need Right Now? 7,258  13 3 For everyone who has a crippling addiction to deliciously cheap Lidl chocolate 5,568  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing CRASH Gardaí issue fresh appeal for witnesses to fatal Dublin crash Gardaí appeal for witnesses after man killed in Limerick crash Man dies in two-vehicle crash in Limerick COURTS Murder accused shouted 'Britain first' as he shot and stabbed Jo Cox MP, court hears "We will never forgive him" - Family of woman killed in psychiatric hospital by another patient Man who stabbed housemate to death jailed for five years GARDAí Gardaí 'very concerned' for the welfare of two men missing this evening Garda reserve membership has fallen 13% in four months Gardaí seize €300,000 worth of cannabis in organised crime crackdown DUBLIN It's through: Dublin City Council budget passes after filling €15 million shortfall 'Effortless style and unparalleled service': Ireland's best hotels have been revealed An entire house party in Dublin pulled off a mammoth Mannequin Challenge ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Man jailed for 18 months for hacking nude photos from celebrities' phones Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Apple’s new MacBook Pro Touch Bar is powered… Apple’s new MacBook Pro Touch Bar is powered by a variant of WatchOS By Kevin Parrish — October 28, 2016 1:40 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends During Apple’s press conference on Thursday, we were rather dazzled by the new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro, a touch-enabled OLED-based “strip” embedded above the keyboard that extends from one side of the keyboard to the other. It essentially keeps both hands in the keyboard area, with one hand using the huge trackpad and the other accessing tools on the bar, eliminating the mouse. But how does this strip work? Touch Bar is powered by WatchOS Naturally, Apple isn’t going to come forth to reveal all of its secrets. However, Irish programmer and developer Steven Troughton-Smith took a close look at the hardware and software to determine it’s one huge Apple Watch monitored by Apple’s new T1 security chip. This chip is supposedly a variant of the S1 system-on-chip (SoC) processor used in Apple’s wearables. In a nutshell, MacOS will send information about the current frame stored in memory (before it’s flashed on the screen) to the Touch Bar, which relies on a special version of WatchOS. This data is sent over an internal USB connection, and WatchOS will relay multitouch input events back to MacOS to render on the stored screen state before it’s displayed. Related: Microsoft details new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar support for Office suite At one point, rumors suggested that the T1 chip would control the Touch Bar for power reasons outside the security features. Troughton-Smith believes that this is still possible, allowing the strip to remain functional when the processor and MacOS are in sleep mode, possibly even turned off. Overall, the chip is used to manage the security of input devices like Touch ID, the camera, the Touch Bar, and so on. “From the file system, even though it’s a variant of WatchOS, it seems to be called e[mbedded]OS. Or just ‘eos’, sans marketing capitalization,” he writes. “The ‘Bridge’ code name seems to make a lot of sense, considering it’s bridging between the iOS and MacOS worlds in one product.” The variant of WatchOS used in the Touch Bar supposedly can’t run stand-alone WatchOS apps. The Touch Bar itself is backed by a 25MB “ramdisk, a virtual hard drive stored in memory for booting up the OLED strip and controlling its hardware. The Touch Bar will also only be capable of handling one active program at a time, thus programs running in the background will be unable to take control of the bar. The long and skinny on resolution As for the actual hardware specs of the Touch Bar, it supports 10-point touch input. The bar replaces the typical row of function keys on the keyboard, so its physical size is roughly the same from front to back. Physically, the OLED strip measures 2,170 pixels wide and 60 pixels high. It’s a high-resolution Retina screen, so with UI scaling, it equals out to a perceived resolution of 1,085 x 30. This does not include the Touch ID sensor, which is technically part of the Touch Bar device. To break the three regions down physically, the System Button has a dedicated 128 pixel area, the App Region has a dedicated area of 1,370 pixels, and the Control Strip has a maximum collapsed area of 608 pixels. These three areas are divided by two gaps measuring 32 pixels each. Apple goes even further with the app control design, stating that the default width between controls should be 16 pixels, the small fixed space should be 32 pixels, and the large fixed space should be 64 pixels. Related: MacBook Pros with touch bars expected to ship in 3 to 4 weeks For instance, the definition of a “fluid” layout in the App Region would be buttons measuring 144 pixels wide separated by gaps measuring 31 pixels wide. Or, in the case of document editing, a list for possible words would appear in a field measuring 890 pixels wide, a button measuring 144 pixels wide next to it, and two additional controls measuring 151 pixels wide. “In a @2x graphic, one point equals two pixels. For example, an icon that’s 36px by 36px translates to 18pt by 18pt,” Apple explains to developers. “Append a suffix of @2x to your image names, and insert them into @2x fields in the asset catalog of your Xcode project.” Some of the standard inputs and displays offered by the Touch Bar include buttons to initiate app-specific actions, toggles such as turning on underlining while creating a document, candidate lists that show suggested words, character pickers, color pickers, labels that describe a control (“add location” etc.), and popovers. This latter function appears as a stacked icon in a collapsed state, but when touched, will expand across the entire App Region to the right. Customers will also see sliders, scrubbers (like the ability to slide through open Safari tabs), segmented controls, and sharing service pickers. Does Touch Bar pave the way for more iOS features and apps in MacOS? Again, there’s indication that the T1 chip and Touch Bar are tied together outside the security envelope. As previously mentioned, Troughton-Smith theorizes that the Touch Bar could remain active when the processor and MacOS are in low power, perhaps even turned off. This could lead to iOS features and apps on MacBook Pros in the future. “Perhaps someday it could run a higher class processor, like Apple’s A-series chips, and allow MacOS to ‘run’ iOS apps and Extensions, like iMessage apps, or manage notifications, system tasks, networking, during sleep, without having to power up the x86 CPU,” he speculates. However, he also points out the link between the T1 chip and the Touch ID sensor. They’re both tied together like the way Touch ID is linked to the security chip in Apple’s latest iPhones. If the sensor goes out, both the sensor and the security chip will need to be replaced. And based on Apple’s Touch Bar guidelines, the Touch ID sensor appears to be physically part of the OLED device, so that indicates the whole section above the keyboard would need to be replaced if that’s the case. One confirmation backing speculation that the Touch Bar can run without MacOS loaded was provided by Apple software engineering chief Craig Federighi. He acknowledged that the OLED strip provides visual function keys when running Microsoft Windows on a Mac. Apple provides what it calls Boot Camp, which allows users to install Microsoft Windows and boot either into MacOS or Microsoft’s platform on a Mac device. Apple sets the Touch Bar rules Apple now provides developers with an application program interface (API) and guidelines for developing Touch Bar support in their apps and programs. According to Apple, the Touch Bar is an input device, and not a secondary screen even though, technically, it is a screen. “The user may glance at the Touch Bar to locate or use a control, but their primary focus is the main screen,” Apple states. “The Touch Bar shouldn’t display alerts, messages, scrolling content, static content, or anything else that commands the user’s attention or distracts from their work on the main screen.” Some of the rules Apple is enforcing include concluding tasks on the Touch Bar that begin on the OLED strip, avoid using Touch Bar for replacing well-known keyboard shortcuts, avoid mirroring Touch Bar interactions on the main screen, provide controls that product immediate results, and more.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Losing euro-denominated clearing would cost London 83,000 jobs The perilous taming of Donald Trump Trump appoints Reince Priebus as his chief of staff Frank-Walter Steinmeier set for German presidency US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Tale of two Trumps plays out in first appointments The perilous taming of Donald Trump Trump appoints Reince Priebus as his chief of staff Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Silicon Valley frets over foreign worker crackdown Lego split with Daily Mail puts pressure on other groups Bond sell-off deepens, CO2 progress and good news from Iraq Monsanto dealmaker to leave Morgan Stanley for boutique Tesco Bank ‘ignored warnings’ about cyber weakness Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Losing euro-denominated clearing would cost London 83,000 jobs Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet Buy dollars is the sudden Trump-era consensus trade Trump policy effect energises dollar as government bonds sink Bond sell-off deepens, CO2 progress and good news from Iraq Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read A badly designed US stimulus will only hurt the working class Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the art of a deal with Russia Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump Stephen Bannon’s rise marks the triumph of the alt-right Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee The dire signal Apprentice Trump could send to bosses Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Battling for influence — Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief, Global Times Review — ‘Payoff’ by Dan Ariely Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London Why people shouldn’t snigger at Trump’s opulent $100m penthouse The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich How Qatar is feeling the heat Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: If you want to buy an Apple, fly to Canada Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital $ 6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s officially out of standalone display business By Christian Zibreg, Oct 28, 2016 Tweet 3 Comments Nilay Patel, Editor-in-chief of The Verge, has confirmed with Apple that the company has officially exited the standalone display business, dashing any hope that we might see a standalone Apple-branded 5K Thunderbolt Display. If you own a Thunderbolt Display, don’t hope for a Retina-enabled upgrade. Responding to Jason Snell’s notes on the new MacBook Pro over at Six Colors, Patel wrote on Twitter that “Apple told me it’s out of standalone display biz.” For now, customers who want to use their MacBook Pro with an external display can purchase one of the readily available 4K displays on Amazon. Apple is also promoting LG-made 4K and 5K standalone screens which can be connected to one of the new notebook’s Thunderbolt 3 ports (two on the 13-inchers, four on the 15-inch Pros). LG’s 21.5-inch 4K UltraFine display is priced at $699.95 and its 5K 27-inch brethren is a $1,299.95 value. The 5K display will ship in December while the 4K UltraFine currently has a wait time of 5-6 weeks. Both standalone displays can be pre-ordered via Apple.com. Apple’s marketing boss Phil Schiller called these upcoming displays the ultimate docking stations because they have a plethora of ports on the back, including one Thunderbolt 3 port and three USB-C ports (USB 3.1 Gen 1, maxing out at 5Gbps). LG designed these new screens in partnership with Apple so they support features like P3 wide color gamut and have built-in stereo speakers, camera and microphone. Apple.com’s blurb for LG’s new displays: A single Thunderbolt 3 cable included provides up to 85W of charging power to your MacBook Pro with Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports. And three downstream USB-C ports (5 Gbps) offer additional connectivity and power to compatible devices and accessories. On the downside, the LG displays lack an Ethernet port which Apple’s discontinued Thunderbolt Display used to provide, as well as one FireWire 800 port. The 13-inch MacBook Pro with its Intel Iris integrated graphics has plenty of bandwidth to simultaneously drive its built-in display and either one external 5K display or a pair of external 4K displays at 60 Hz each. The 15-inch Pro is even more powerful in that regard, capable of simultaneously driving its built-in display in addition to either two 5K displays with 5120-by-2880 resolution or up to a whopping four external displays at 4,096-by-2,304 pixels each. In fact, the new MacBook Pro is the world’s first notebook to simultaneously support up to four 4K monitors out of the box. The only thing that could make real pros think twice before getting a Pro is the fact that the machine does not offer more than 16GB RAM. According to Apple, doubling the RAM would have a negative impact on the MacBook Pro’s all-day battery life, which is rated at ten hours of wireless web use or iTunes movie playback on the 15-inch model, an hour more than the previous generation. Top photo: previous-generation MacBook pro connected to two Thunderbolt Displays. Source: Nilay Patel Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Thunderbolt Display won’t be refreshed at WWDC Updated Thunderbolt Display rumored to include 5K resolution and integrated GPU As stock is dwindling, will Thunderbolt Display get its Retina treatment at WWDC? Next-gen Apple display with integrated graphics card reportedly remains in the works Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Display, Monitor, News, Screen, Thunderbolt, Thunderbolt Display mattyzhux Why not use lightning based headphone jack and the black color of the new MacBook Pro especially with iPhone 7 users? Pls ask Apple. techfreak23 It doesn’t look like Apple collaborated with them at all on this new monitor… Dennis Von Dutch Still looking for the best 5K option for my Mac Pro 2013 …. Anyone? It’s just crazy they didn’t made an option for the LG monitor to make it work with the Mac Pro …. although I think it’s looking ridiculous bad… I would have bought it..   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Apple Intros New Thinner, Lighter, Faster MacBook Pros       Apple Intros New Thinner, Lighter, Faster MacBook Pros     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-28 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Apple's new MacBook Pro machines are thinner, lighter, faster; Qualcomm to pay $47 billion for chip maker NXP; BlackBerry Launches Its Licensed DTEK60 Android Smartphone; and there's more.     Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Microsoft Introduces High-End Surface Studio All-in-One Desktop DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft unveils Surface Studio all-in-one for 'creators'; Apple $215.6 billion annual... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Apple's New MacBook Pro Machines Are Thinner, Lighter, Faster Qualcomm to Pay $47 Billion for Chip Maker NXP BlackBerry Launches Its Licensed DTEK60 Android Smartphone Lenovo, Fujitsu Confirm Negotiations Regarding PC Tie-Up       Today's topics include Apple's three new MacBook Pro models, Qualcomm's $47 billion acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, BlackBerry's launch of its new DTEK60 Android smartphone, and Lenovo and Fujitsu's negotiation regarding a future partnership. Apple unveiled three new redesigned MacBook Pro models on Oct. 27, bringing key improvements to its popular laptops, from thinner and lighter profiles to a new Touch Bar that replaces the top row of clickable function keys with a touch-screen keyboard strip. The latest MacBooks arrive in three versions—a 15-inch model with a sixth-generation Intel Core i7 quad-core 2.6 GHz processor, 16GB of 2,133MHz memory, up to 2TB of SSD storage and the new Touch Bar; a 13-inch model with a choice of sixth-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 dual-core processors, 8GB of 2,133MHz memory and the new Touch Bar; and a second 13-inch model that comes with a standard row of function keys instead of the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar reacts to taps and swipes and works with various applications to give users custom menus and keys that are specific to different applications.  Qualcomm is buying rival chip maker NXP Semiconductors in a $47 billion bid to rapidly expand beyond its core mobile device space and challenge Intel in such important emerging markets as the internet of things. After weeks of speculation, Qualcomm and NXP officials on Oct. 27 announced the largest deal in the chip space, surpassing the $37 billion that Avago Technologies paid for Broadcom late last year and continuing a years-long consolidation trend in the computer processor industry. The move will create a combined company with annual revenues of about $35 billion, serve markets that estimated to be worth $138 billion by 2020, and provide strong positions in such areas as mobile devices, automotive technology, the internet of things, security, radio-frequency technologies and networking, officials said. BlackBerry has rolled out its latest Android smartphone, the $499 DTEK60 high-security handset, which is the first phone the company has released since it declared in September that it would no longer build and distribute its own phone hardware. The DTEK 60, which is being licensed with the BlackBerry name and is being manufactured by China's TCL Corp., includes a 5.5-inch quad HD display, a special coating to resist smudges and fingerprints, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of memory, 32GB of on-board storage and a microSD slot for expanded storage. The handset also has a 21-megapixel auto-focus rear camera and an 8-megapixel front camera with flash, a fingerprint reader, BlackBerry's Intelligent Keyboard and a 3,000mAh rechargeable battery. It runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Officials with Lenovo and Fujitsu confirmed that they are in talks regarding the future of Fujitsu's PC business, but what the result of those negotiations will be remains unclear. The companies said in a joint statement that Lenovo, Fujitsu and Fujitsu Client Computing—the subsidiary created by Fujitsu in February to manage the PC business—are considering a "strategic cooperation" in the areas of PC research, development, design and manufacturing. Details of what the cooperation will be are under discussion, they said. They did say that the end result will include Fujitsu's keeping its own brand of PCs.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux More See old Apple graphics transformed into Cronenbergian nightmares Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Photo: Jay L. Clendenin/Getty Images Posted Nov 14 Brett Gelman leaves Adult Swim, citing “the misogyny of their policies” 2 Photo: Getty/Pool Posted Nov 14 Let’s imagine Joe Biden being a merry asshole about leaving the White House 3 Posted Nov 13 The monster is revealed on an unsettling Westworld 4 Posted Nov 14 The Cosby Show is coming back to TV Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire Game Of Thrones HBO is still pushing for a Game Of Thrones prequel series The Revenant History picks up Leonardo DiCaprio’s Frontiersmen documentary series The Latest From Features 30 years later, how does Beastie Boys’ Licensed To Ill hold up? Paul Rudd as Bobby Newport (Photo: NBC) There’s always beer: 10 tips for gracious defeat from the best onscreen losers The Latest From Reviews B Photo: Libby McGuire Haruki Murakami prods a great conductor for insight in Absolutely On Music B Photo: Libby McGuire Anna Kendrick’s memoir acknowledges feelings but lives for the sass The Latest From Videos At least Hillary can still win Pick A Choice, thanks to Andrew W.K.   Accept no imitations—learn Trader Vic’s original recipe for mai tai   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Who Really Invented The Paper Clip? (Screenshot: YouTube) Designers envision futuristic bike locks, hospital gowns, and a glorious toilet Photo: Getty/Laura Cavanaugh Urgent: Disney owns the domain “muppetfucker.net” All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Great Job, Internet! See old Apple graphics transformed into Cronenbergian nightmares By Clayton Purdom@claytonpurdom Oct 28, 2016 3:00 PM XXX's "Flight Attendant" (Image: Mattis Dovier) XXX's "Flight Attendant" (Image: Mattis Dovier) Share Tweet Yesterday Apple unveiled a suite of typically gorgeous new computers bearing all the hallmarks of a normal Apple product: brushed metal exterior, explosively colorful displays, and the requirement to buy a passel of new connectors and dongles. There’s also some sort of touch-bar thing, which one must presume will make sense in the distant future. Still, Apple’s always made great-looking stuff. Even their earliest systems featured sharp lines and clean iconography. The Parisian artist Mattis Dovier appreciates these graphical interfaces, too, and he wields them as scalpels in his hauntingly incisive short films, each of which casually subverts our relationship with technology. (Warning: All of them feature flashing lights.) Dovier’s video for XXX’s “Flight Attendant” hits the nail on the head most directly, beginning with images of an early Mac desktop that fade into an airplane trip trapped in some timeless space between ’80s fashion and modern tech. By the end, its ideal images of upward mobility have transformed into murder, dismemberment, and a snake crawling out of a woman’s face. The short film “Inside” features the same pointillist, monochromatic aesthetic, but it traverses a decidedly more Cronenbergian narrative arc. Spoiler: The machines win, because the machines always win. In some ways, it’s like a nightmare inverse of yesterday’s Apple event, using the imagery of the past to propose an ever less-human future. You can see the rest of Dovier’s artwork over on his Tumblr. Watch them on an Apple II to hasten the singularity. [via Metafilter] Send your Great Job, Internet tips to GJI@avclub.com Share Tweet Filed Under: More Great Job, Internet! Previous Great Job, Internet! We’ve basically used the same memes to argue about feminism for 100 years Next Great Job, Internet! Homestar Runner celebrates Halloween with amazing costumes, melted candy WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Great Job, Internet! Designers envision futuristic bike locks, hospital gowns, and a glorious toilet Nov 14, 2016 5:00 PM Urgent: Disney owns the domain “muppetfucker.net” Nov 14, 2016 3:15 PM Let’s imagine Joe Biden being a merry asshole about leaving the White House Nov 14, 2016 2:20 PM Mouth-breathing bystanders in superhero movies love staring upwards Nov 14, 2016 1:20 PM A.V. Club Most Read 1 Photo: Jay L. Clendenin/Getty Images Posted Nov 14 Brett Gelman leaves Adult Swim, citing “the misogyny of their policies” 2 Photo: Getty/Pool Posted Nov 14 Let’s imagine Joe Biden being a merry asshole about leaving the White House 3 Posted Nov 13 The monster is revealed on an unsettling Westworld 4 Posted Nov 14 The Cosby Show is coming back to TV Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 58° Share Apple double downs on running with Nike-edition smartwatch By Anick Jesdanun / Associated Press Published: Friday, October 28th, 2016 at 2:24pm Updated: Friday, October 28th, 2016 at 10:01pm This Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, photo shows the Apple Watch Nike Plus on display, in New York. Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, Oct. 28. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Apple isn’t the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it’s the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, while Nike is bringing features from its phone app directly to all models of Apple Watch. I’ve found devices without GPS typically awful at measuring how fast and how far I’m running. And those with GPS typically do little more than measure how fast and how far I’m running. The basics are great for casual runners, but anyone who becomes a serious runner needs much more. I’ve logged more than 400 miles over the past six weeks with the GPS edition of Apple Watch, known as Series 2. I’ve also run 34 miles with the Nike Plus version over the past few days; it’s essentially a Series 2 watch with a custom wristband and watch face. With both, Apple addressed many of the shortcomings in the original watch, GPS being just one of them. I’m not ready to ditch my Garmin running watch yet, but the Apple Watch comes close to meeting all my needs. Advertisement Continue reading ___ THE IMPORTANCE OF GPS The original watch does a fine job of latching onto your phone’s GPS if you’re running with the phone, but with built-in GPS, you can leave the phone behind. Accuracy is on par with other good GPS watches, which is to say, measurements are sometimes off, especially when tall buildings block GPS signals. The watch automatically calibrates to my running style, so it’s better than non-GPS devices even when there’s no GPS. Though GPS drains the battery more quickly, the watch still had about an hour of non-GPS use left after a marathon run of about four hours, 40 minutes. For normal use, Apple says you should get up to 90 minutes a day of GPS workouts; I’ve often gone longer without the watch dying before bedtime. It helps that I’ve disabled the heart-rate sensor during workouts. While Series 2 is meant for stand-alone running, many people carry phones anyway. With it, I get slightly better accuracy and battery life. ___ IMPROVEMENTS FOR ALL Series 2 watches start at $369, though it’s $30 more for a larger screen — the optimal size for larger wrists. Non-GPS models, now called Series 1, are $100 less. All models get software updates that address two gripes with the original: Advertisement Continue reading — Apple’s Workout app now records your route, something other GPS fitness devices and apps have long done. The Apple app didn’t use to, even with access to the phone’s GPS. — You can double tap the screen to record splits, or manual snapshots of how long it takes to run a stretch. Before, that was limited to mile or kilometer intervals, which didn’t help when you were running laps or loops that weren’t precisely that length. ___ NIKE EXTRAS Nike’s app offers a lot to like, including big yellow numerals for easy reading during runs and voice updates every mile and halfway toward your goal. Nike keeps things simple for beginners by displaying just distance and time; turn on advanced mode for current pace and heart rate. My gripes: no manual splits, and average pace appears only when pausing or through the voice updates. Nike excels in trying to motivate you even when you’re not running. It will keep asking “Are we running today?” by reminding you the weather is nice or that a friend (with a watch or just the phone app) is just ahead of you for the month’s total. A scheduling feature shows you weather forecasts in half-hour increments. After making a selection, you get a notification when it’s time to run. Though the app is available for all models, the Nike watch also has a colorful wristband sporting holes to help sweat dry. It offers custom watch faces with one-touch access to the app, plus a reminder of your next scheduled run. Most people will be fine with just the free app, but running enthusiasts can get the Nike version for the same price. ___ Advertisement Continue reading BEYOND RUNNING Cyclists get similar speed and distance information, though the watch doesn’t measure how fast you’re pedaling, something hard-core cyclists might want. You can swim with Series 2, even with chlorinated or salt water, something most water-resistant gadgets don’t allow. The watch measures distance indoors by counting laps, though you need a pool large enough for at least five strokes per lap. ___ WHAT’S STILL MISSING Recording splits during runs is great, but I also want to know my average pace and time since the last split, rather than the beginning of the run. I find it useful when I want to go faster in the middle of a run before a gentle cooldown. And while Apple Watch syncs workout data with the phone’s Activity app, many long-time runners already have their favorite online repository, whether that’s Nike, Strava or Garmin. The ability to move data around is limited. While Nike offers an Apple Watch app, it’ll take time for others to catch up. Strava’s still requires running with a phone, while Garmin doesn’t have one at all. For these reasons, I’m sticking with my Garmin Forerunner 220. And while it’s a minor annoyance, both Apple’s and Nike’s app do a three-second countdown before workouts. I just want to run when I hit “start.” (At least with Nike’s, you can disable the countdown deep in the phone settings.) ___ DO YOU NEED APPLE WATCH? Because this review is focused on runners’ needs, I haven’t gotten into all the other features, such as maps, weather and shopping. Running watches and general-purpose fitness trackers such as Fitbit don’t offer as much. The ability to reply to messages by voice came in handy when coordinating with friends waiting at the finish line, for instance. But if you don’t need the “smarts,” a decent GPS fitness device is more than $100 cheaper. ___ The story has been corrected to show that Nike challenge is based on month’s total, and not by week. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Technology Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Laptops/Gallery Laptops MacBook Pro with Touch Bar runs a modified version of iOS By Brandon Russell | October 28, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo When Apple introduced its new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, we assumed the experience was powered entirely by macOS. It turns out, that’s only partially true. According to Apple developer Steven Troughton-Smith, the Touch Bar is actually run by modified version of watchOS, which is itself a modified version of iOS. This is made possible by a new T1 chip, which Apple revealed runs independently of macOS. Troughton-Smith explained it also manages the security of input devices, including Touch ID, the Touch Bar, and the FaceTime camera. Troughton-Smith explained some of the technical aspects on Twitter: So this T1 chip is a standalone ARM device running its own variant of iOS, and managing the security of input devices (TouchID, camera, Bar) — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) October 28, 2016 iOS repurposed for MacBook Pro It’s a clever and ingenious solution from Apple. It also makes you wonder what other experiences Apple can repurpose iOS for. The new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar supports multitouch and is capable of dynamically changing depending on which application you’re using. Apple showed the tiny bar working beautifully with its own apps but said third-party developers—including Microsoft—can also tap into the Touch Bar. You can pre-order the revamped MacBook Pro now. Source STroughtonSmith Via CultofMac Topics #Apple #MacBook Pro #MacBook Pro (2016) Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
JitBit Helpdesk software Pricing Hosted (recommended) Download (for your server) About This is Founder's blog Emotions aside, what’s wrong with the new MacBookPro Oct 28 2016 :: by Alex I like Apple. But I guess this is going to be the first time in 10 years I'm not buying a new MacBook Pro. Not because of the USB-C annoyance everyone's complaining about (after all, you have to lean into the future, quoting Jeff Bezos, and to be honest, Apple - is the only company that can actually force users into a new technology). It's the new touch bar. Emotions aside, the problem with the new touch bar, like with any touch-screen for that matter, is that you have to look at the keyboard. You have to look to tell if you pressed it or not. You have to look to make sure you're pressing the right button. #1 is a bigger problem than you think. You probably heard, that distracted driving accident statistics has been growing during the last decade, right? It's not because more people are texting while driving. But because texting with a touch screen is more risky than with a traditional physical keyboard. You have to look. Not just at the text you type, but at the buttons you press. "3D touch" and similar technologies are aiming to solve the #1. But you still have to look. And that is the problem. As a developer, I press the ESC button a hundred times a day. I press F5 to refresh web-apps I'm working on. I press F1 for help. I press F4 to edit in File Commanders etc. etc. Now I have to look to make sure I press the right one. Bye bye touch-typing. Also, I'm used to the fact that "upper-left corner of the keyboard is Escape". Now its up to a developer what's there. It can be a "save". Or "edit". Or "done" (like on one of Apple's screenshots). Or "launch flying unicorns into the sky". MacBook "Pro" stands for "Professional". It's a tool for developers, photographers, UI-designers, sound-producers/DJs, video-editors etc. People who's day-to-day workflow is going to be damaged. Like I said, I like Apple. But my next laptop is not going to be MacBook Pro. With all the awesome things Microsoft has brought to Windows recently (Linux-subsystem, runs node.js/npm, package managers, heck, I can even build Cordova apps for iOS/Android in Visual Studio now!) I'm out of reasons. I'm buying a Surface Book. by Alex. CEO, founder About this blog Subscribe Popular posts How I Improved My SEO Rankings In Just 30 Minutes Google Search is only 18% Search Now that's what I call a Hacker Jitbit Software Blog About Contact us Support Helpdesk products Helpdesk ticketing system Pricing - self-hosted Pricing - hosted SaaS Helpdesk Top features Helpdesk feature list Single sign-on API Zendesk vs Jitbit vs Spiceworks Desktop Products Macro Recorder Macro Recorder LITE Mouse Recorder for Mac Copyright © 2005-2016 Jitbit Software. Sitemap
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The thingie I'm missing on the new MacBook Pro USA TODAY 10/28/2016 Jefferson Graham Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume New MacBook Pro - I miss the SD card slot USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT © Apple Apple is replacing the USB slots with new Thunderbolt USB-C slots on MacBook Pros LOS ANGELES - I miss my SD card slot already. Popular Searches Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Dynavax Technologies Corp DVAX ▼ 4.10 -7.50 -64.66% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% As well as the traditional USB slots on the MacBook Pro that I use to insert external hard drives, charge the iPhone, plug in my microphone for recording the Talking Tech podcast and all sorts of other things too. Apple introduced super-pricey new Mac computers Thursday, and just like the company did away with floppy disks and CD/DVD drives in the past, it's now making a computer that's smaller, thinner, yada, yada, by killing the camera SD slot and removing the traditional USB slots. Now Apple wants us to use a new Thunderbolt USB-C slot that promises to power and run devices at the same time. Know that your existing devices probably won't fit into the new slots--you'll need adapters and those will cost you big time. Accessories manufacturer Belkin announced a new USB-C dock Thursday to fit multiple devices, and it's expected to cost in the $300-400 range. Ca-ching! More Apple coverage:  • Apple unveils MacBook with interactive strip • Touch Bar might be a useful surprise • The Apple products that we love The new Macs start at a hefty $1,499 and go up to $2,799, but once you add in extra RAM and memory, you'll probably spend way more. I spoke to a friend Thursday who figured it would cost him about $4,500 to get the machine he needs.  The good news--yes, there's still a headphone jack, unlike the recent iPhone 7, for those of us who like to listen to music, watch TV shows and movies and the like on the computer.  On the SD card omission, I understand it. Smartphones have replaced cameras as the dominant way people shoot photographs, so in Apple's thinking, who needs the SD card slot anymore? Well I do. My best photos are taken on cameras, and I love having the SD card slot not just to import photos, but trade files in the office when we work on projects together.  If I was to buy one of these new MacBooks, I'd have to start dragging around a card reader, like I used to a few years ago, before SD card slots became so prevalent on laptops.  The big selling point of the new Macs is something called a TouchBar, a smartphone like strip that replaces the current function keys, which we use to lower and raise the volume, or screen brightness. Now, you can do fun things like add emojis to your e-mails, from the TouchPad, buy stuff with Apple Pay and click the TouchPad to confirm, and operate high-end programs like Final Cut Pro for video editing and Photoshop. Sounds fun, and I look forward to trying them. But owning one of the new Macs? Using touchscreen at the top of the computer would never trump having the extra slots for me. I can live without it.  My iMac desktop has 4 USB and 2 Thunderbolt slots, and all 6 are in constant use.  I hope the computer lasts me the rest of my life.  How do you feel about the slots slipping away? Let's chat about it on Twitter, where I'm @jeffersongraham.  Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY More fake news on the Web, this time via Google USA TODAY Bannon could darken Trump White House: Our view USA TODAY Bannon is 'straw man of the hour’: Other views USA TODAY Students lead new wave of anti-Trump protests USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 5 reasons you should care about Thunderbolt 3 Chris Davies - Oct 28, 2016 9 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Big news in Apple land this week is the arrival of Thunderbolt 3 on the new MacBook Pro, but there’s more reason to be interested in the high-speed, highly-flexible port than simply because you’re an Apple fan. While Apple may have been first to the Thunderbolt party back in 2011, the technology itself was actually a collaboration between the Cupertino firm and Intel’s, and we’ve seen it appear on numerous Windows computers as well as third-party accessories too. Even after five years, though, you could be excused for not realizing why Thunderbolt is such a game-changer. As the name suggests, Thunderbolt 3 is the third-generation of the interconnect technology. Initially, Intel expected it to use optical fiber – in fact, it was originally called Light Peak – but switched to more conventional copper cables before launch. Apple and Intel co-developed it, and indeed Apple originally held the Thunderbolt trademark, though transferred it to its partner in 2011. The original Thunderbolt standard supported up to 10 Gbit/sec per channel. In late 2013, Thunderbolt 2 arrived: it could pair two such channels together into a single data pipe – otherwise known as “channel aggregation” – with a maximum bandwidth of 20 Gbit/s. It was also backward compatible with Thunderbolt devices, and used the same Mini DisplayPort connector. With the arrival of the new MacBook Pro this week, macOS users will have as many as four Thunderbolt 3 ports to play with. It’s not been entirely welcomed with open arms, however, given Apple’s decision also marked the retirement of existing connectors like USB 3.1, HDMI, and MagSafe 2. Still, there are some significant reasons why you should welcome Thunderbolt 3 with open arms – and some reasons to be wary. 1. Thunderbolt 3 gets the ergonomics right While the first- and second-generations of Thunderbolt used the Mini DisplayPort connector, Thunderbolt 3 switches over to USB Type-C. That’s smaller than the old style of plug, not to mention being narrower than USB 3.1 and HDMI. It’s that which helps Apple slim the new MacBook Pro down to as little as 15mm. As we saw with the USB Type-C port on the 12-inch MacBook – which, though it may look like it, doesn’t actually support Thunderbolt 3 – the design also means the Thunderbolt 3 cable is reversible. Just like a Lightning plug, it doesn’t matter which orientation you plug it into your MacBook Pro at: it’ll work either way. If you’ve ever spent a few frustrating seconds jabbing a cable at the side of your laptop, you’ll probably appreciate this particular change. 2. Thunderbolt 3 is fast When you’re abandoning all other ports for one type of connector, it needs to be a capable one. Thankfully, Thunderbolt 3 doubles the bandwidth from what Thunderbolt 2 offered. It’s now up to 40 Gbit/s, or 5 GB/s – if you’re comparing to USB 3, it’s a whole eight times faster. How fast is that in practice? If you’re using a Thunderbolt 3 equipped external drive and your shiny new MacBook Pro to transfer high-definition video, for instance, you could copy over a full day’s worth of footage in less than two minutes. 25,000 photos at the iPhone 7 Plus’ 12-megapixel resolution would take less than a minute to transfer. Obviously you’ll need a fairly cutting-edge peripheral to get the most from that 5 GB/s pipe. Happily there are already a number of Thunderbolt 3 external drives, often using two or more solid-state disks set up in RAID arrays for maximum read/write performance. LaCie, OWC, and other big names in external storage have options that head as high as 120 TB. 3. Thunderbolt 3 is flexible If you’re wondering how manufacturers like Apple can do away with everything but Thunderbolt 3 ports and still have a functional laptop, that’s because it’s flexible as well as being fast. In fact, one single Thunderbolt 3 cable can deliver power, a data connection, and video, all simultaneously. It opens the door to a lot of interesting possibilities on your typical desktop. Because Thunderbolt 3 provides power – up to 100 watts of it, in fact – you can charge your MacBook Pro or another notebook with the port through peripherals which at the same time getting data from them. The power can be delivered in both directions, too, so the computer can provide juice to, say, an external drive or to charge your smartphone. In the case of the new MacBook Pro, you get up to 15W from a Thunderbolt 3 port for external devices. It doesn’t end there, though: there’s video support, too. A single Thunderbolt 3 port is capable of driving a 5K display – that’s 5120 x 2880 resolution – or two 4K displays. If, like the new 15-inch MacBook Pro, the computer has two Thunderbolt controllers that means it can in fact drive two 5K displays. At the same time, a display can provide power back to the laptop, charging it up. If the display’s manufacturer has included data ports – as LG has done with its new UltraFine 5K Monitor – you can have peripherals plugged in too, all linked back via a single cable. With the right cord you can plug straight into a DisplayPort or Mini DisplayPort monitor from a Thunderbolt 3 port; there are adapters for HDMI and VGA. 4. Thunderbolt 3 adapters are a way of life Spend much time on the cutting-edge and you’re likely to get, well, cut. In the case of Thunderbolt 3, that means making sure you have backward compatibility with your existing devices and peripherals. After all, Apple isn’t just throwing out older, slower ports: it’s also potentially making your existing cables obsolete. If you want to use a USB 3.1 or earlier device, with the familiar rectangular USB-A plug, you’ll need an adapter for it. The same goes for VGA or HDMI. Thunderbolt 3 is compatible with USB Type-C, but you’ll need an adapter to connect to Thunderbolt 2 or the original Thunderbolt. Those with an iPhone 7 or other iOS device that has a Lightning port, meanwhile, will need one of Apple’s USB-C to Lightning cables. There are also USB-C to micro and mini USB cables, and USB-C to ethernet adapters. Prices for your new dongles range from around $19 to $49 or more, depending on complexity. Even if you have a new MacBook Pro, though, you don’t need to go straight to your Apple store to get your adapter fix. Since Thunderbolt 3 is a broader industry standard, various third-party companies like Belkin, SanDisk, and others are making dongles, docks, and cables with the USB Type-C connector. Eventually, just as was the case with USB Type-A, that should help drive the price down across the board. 5. Thunderbolt 3 isn’t going anywhere All the signs point to Thunderbolt 4 being some way off in the future. The next big step for the interconnect would be support for UHD 8K displays, or 7680 x 4320 resolution, and that’s a huge step up from what Thunderbolt 3 can handle today. Figure on another doubling of the bandwidth being required from the 40 Gbit/s of the current standard. For the moment, then, it seems like the buck stops at Thunderbolt 3. As well as the new MacBook Pro, we’ve seen the port show up on HP’s Spectre 13.3 and other models in the PC maker’s range, while Dell has added the connector to some of its own Windows notebooks. Both companies have made their own docks, too, which act as breakout boxes for traditional USB, display, ethernet, and other devices. Wrap-Up Big changes don’t come easy. Apple ripped the sticking plaster off the port upgrade problem with the new MacBook Pro, and the result has been no shortage of outcry from professional users wondering where they’re supposed to plug their existing drives, SD cards, and other devices into the new notebook. Had Apple opted to more gradually introduce Thunderbolt 3 – perhaps by including it alongside, rather than instead of, those legacy ports – it might’ve made for a less stressful process. NOW READ: Late-2016 MacBook Pro hands-on Problem is, it would also have led to a slower switchover, and it’s in Apple’s best interest – not to mention the best interest of the computing industry as a whole – to get people up and running with Thunderbolt 3 as soon as possible. As we’ve seen with other such changes in the past, it can be a chicken-and-egg problem when it comes to upgrades of this sort. Peripheral makers don’t want to invest in new standards until there’s a sizable enough cohort of users to make it financially worthwhile, and users don’t want to adopt the standards until there’s sufficient third-party support. The upside is, of course, that Thunderbolt 3 has many big advantages over the ports and cables you’ve been using so far. It might be a headache today, but the desktop of tomorrow could be a lot more streamlined and a lot more productive. Story Timeline The new MacBook Pro goes all-in on USB Type-C Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Dock adds more ports to MacBook Pro New MacBook Pro 13 first look: Entry-level Touch Bar envy Tags Applemacbook proSlashGear 101Thunderboltthunderbolt 2Thunderbolt 3 Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Apple Discontinues 11-inch MacBook Air, MagSafe Now on Death Row Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 28th, 2016 2:26 PM EST | Product News Farewell, 11-inch MacBook Air, we knew you well. Apple dropped the diminutive Mac laptop from its online store on Thursday following the “hello again” event where new Retina MacBook Pro models were introduced. The 13-inch MacBook Air is still available, but now the 12-inch MacBook is the smallest screen laptop Apple offers. Apple kills of 11-inch MacBook Air The 11-inch MacBook Air started at US$899, so now the cheapest laptop Apple offers is the 13-inch Air starting at $999. That extra $100 may not seem like much, but for the budget conscious it may be enough to keep them out of the Mac ecosystem. The 13-inch MacBook Air didn’t get an update, so it still ships with a 1.6GHz Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, and a 128GB SSD. Apple also discontinued the 13-inch MacBook Pro with built-in SuperDrive, which means the only laptop still sporting a MagSafe connector is the 13-inch Air. Translation: MagSafe is now a legacy feature. Apple unveiled new Retina MacBook Pro models at a special media event yesterday and hyped them as the best thing ever for computers. The new models are thinner and lighter, replace the previous model’s USB and Thunderbolt 2 ports with USB-C/Thunderbolt 3, sport brighter screens with a significantly wider color gamut, and include the new Touch Bar multi-function touch strip. Touch Bar replaces the row of function keys at the top of the laptop’s keyboard. It’s an OLED touch-sensitive strip that dynamically changes based on the app you’re using. It also includes a Touch ID sensor for built-in Apple Pay support and using your finger print for fast user switching. Losing the 11-inch MacBook Air isn’t a big surprise since it’s getting harder to see where it fits into Apple’s mobile lineup. The death of the SuperDrive 13-inch MacBook Pro was clearly coming, too. It felt like a legacy machine and seemed out of place, although it was popular for Mac fans who wanted built-in Ethernet and relied on the SuperDrive. Retiring products and moving on to something new is the way of the tech industry, and Apple has a ruthless history of doing just that. Still, it’s a little sad to see both of these little workhorses put out to pasture. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: discontinued, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, SuperDrive 2 Comments Add a comment MarcusNewton October 29, 2016 I am sad to see Apple losing the MagSafe on the MacBook Pros. I have found it to be invaluable safety feature. Does Apple want us to break our devices so we have to replace the more often? Considering how much stuff either got the axe or not mentioned during the “hello, again” event, I am guessing this is Apple’s idea of sarcasm. They probably should have called the event “goodbye, old friend”. October 29, 2016 at 10:41 EST PM aardman October 31, 2016 I wonder if MagSafe has a failure rate that has lead to too many warranty repairs or too much customer dissatisfaction. The fact that they keep redesigning them makes me wonder. Who here hasn’t had problems with their MacBook’s charging system? Could it be that the problem is not really with the charger, instead the MagSafe connector’s spring-loaded pins wear out, the connection becomes unreliable, and this stresses the charger’s circuitry eventually leading to its early failure? I’m not claiming to be an engineer, just curious if such a thing could happen. October 31, 2016 at 10:43 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5754 Jeff Gamet product-news 2 1477664793 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-28: Apple’s Touch Interface Philosophy, USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 Explained Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 28th, 2016 1:35 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Apple and Microsoft are taking different paths into computer touch interfaces. John Martellaro and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to look at the differences in Apple’s Touch Bar and Microsoft’s Surface Studio, plus they explain how USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 fit together. MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-28: Apple's Touch Interface Philosophy, USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 Explained 1:35 PM Oct. 28th, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple and Microsoft are taking different paths into computer touch interfaces. John Martellaro and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to look at the differences in... Apple and Microsoft’s different takes on computer touch interfaces Perpendicular philosophy USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 explained TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 5751 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1477661719 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 28 GOOG: 795.37 0.02 IDC survey says half of exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 users switching to iPhone following recall Jordan Kahn - 2 weeks ago @JordanKahn Google Corporate View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In a new report from IDC aiming to determine the impact of Samsung’s recall of its defective Galaxy Note 7, a survey shows around half of those affected plan to switch to an iPhone. Half of the 24 Note 7 owners polled said they have or will choose an Apple iPhone to replace their recalled phone, while 17% said they would choose another Samsung. Most said they will return their phone through a carrier’s physical store. While the report from IDC concludes that Apple is at least in some way benefiting from the exploding recalled device, Apple said during its recent Q4 earnings call that it currently wasn’t a factor as it’s already shipping as many phones as it can make. The company did, however, once again mention a record number of Android switchers during Q4, which paints a different picture for a possible long-term benefit from the Note 7 recall. IDC surveyed 1,082 U.S. consumers through an online survey on October 17th and 18th, four days after Samsung decided to halt production on the Note 7. The survey focused on three groups of consumers: current Samsung smartphone owners (507), past Samsung smartphone owners (347), and smartphone owners who have never owned the Samsung brand (228). Due to the limited installed base, just 24 Note 7 users were captured in the survey; as such, data in those questions should be viewed as directional only. At least one report following the Note 7 recall pointed to evidence that the defects with the device causing explosions and fires were a result of Samsung’s rush to market to beat iPhone 7. A previous estimate from analysts at KGI predicted Apple could benefit from around 5-7 million users switching to iPhone 7 following the Note 7 recall. That number lines up with the survey from IDC today, with the 5-7 million switchers representing around half of the approximately 12 million Note 7 orders. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Mobile Technology Tips & tricks: Messages goes image-heavy in iOS 10 Emily FerronOctober 29th, 2016 7 pictures Uncovering the new visual features in iOS 10's Messages app updateView gallery - 7 images When I bought my first smartphone, I recall being blown away by the text messaging experience. Going from a T9 situation to a full onscreen keyboard with a conversational viewing experience nearly made the upgrade worth it on its own. iMessages haven't changed much since then … until now. iOS 10 assumes that all users would rather be viewing and drawing than reading and typing. That may seem like a stretch, even to those of us of that lean heavily on our favorite emojis. In fact, I'm tempted to launch into a diatribe against the busy-fication of the Messages app. But let's put that reaction aside for now and focus on the new features. After all, there may come a time when you simply cannot get your point across without full-screen laser effects. Handwriting mode You may have noticed the new Handwriting mode after turning your phone to text in the landscape view. After you update to iOS 10, that's where it first pops up by default. Instead of your conversation, you'll see a white screen you can draw on, with the option to choose from recent and pre-written stock options below. This can be annoying, but if you want to go back to the standard conversation view, just tap the keyboard icon in the lower right hand corner. When you're in keyboard mode, there's a new scribble icon in the lower right corner, which lets you switch back into Handwriting mode as you please. Digital Touch When typing out an iMessage, there are new icons to the left of the bubble you type into. The next few features are accessed using these buttons, including Digital Touch. Tap the > icon to bring them into view. In addition to the familiar camera icon, we see a Digital Touch symbol (a heart with two fingers on it) and an App Store icon. The camera icon is a long-term Messages holdover, but the others bear some explanation. Digital Touch is Apple's attempt to piggyback on the popularity of photo sharing apps like Snapchat. Use it to send hand-drawn notes and animations, with or without a photo/video background. To try it, open an iMessage and tap the Digital Touch icon. The Digital Touch interface launches at half-screen by default, but take it whole-screen by pressing the camera or ^ icons. From there, you can scribble in different colors using your fingertip as a pen, or you can add animations using the gestures shown on screen. If you want your Digital Touch image to have a photo or video background, tap the camera icon. The round white circle takes a photo, and the red circle starts video recording. Then you can draw or animate as desired. Once you're done, press the blue arrow to send. On an Apple device, the recipient will see an animated version of your drawing (they see it appear in the order you drew it). Android users just see the static end version of what you've drawn. Digital Touch messages are also temporary. They have a two-minute expiration period, after which they can no longer be viewed by the recipient. The original sender of the Digital Touch message will see a "Keep" option below the image, so if you're proud of your work, you can save it to the camera roll. If Digital Touch sounds a little confusing, that's because it is. You'll likely send a few accidental scribbles during the trial-and-error period (and probably after that, too). GIFs and other app content The other new icon is reminiscent of the App Store's, but it has several functions. By default, the first window gives shortcuts to recent compositions from handwriting mode. If you install sticker packs or other iMessage apps, you'll have access to them here as well. The second window shows a searchable GIF library, so you can do your talking with anything from a cringing Disney character to a pelvis-thrusting Prince (RIP). The third window displays your recently played iTunes songs, which you can send to others to play inline or view in the iTunes store. Reactions The new Reactions feature is a little harder to find. When you receive an iMessage, double tap it and a few options pop up, similar to what you might see on a Facebook post: heart, thumbs up, thumbs down, laughter, exclamation point, question mark. These give you a way to react to your friend's message without actually saying anything. Send a reaction to an iMessage user, and they'll receive an accompanying notification: "Emily loved 'How's your life?' " For the most part, reactions get lost in translation if you send them to an Android user. Android recipients receive either an emoji or a strange notification that their message was "emphasized." Message effects Message effects are the last bit of visual tech that Apple has bestowed upon us. To access these options, hold down (press) the blue "send" icon next to your message until the "Send with effect" screen appears. There are two categories, Bubble and Screen. As you may have guessed, bubble effects add animation to your chat bubble. Screen effects add visuals to the entire screen. Toggle back and forth, and you can preview all your options before you send them. Don't bother sending effects to your Android-owning friends – they won't see them at all. Built-in visuals Special effects aside, Messages has a new visual emphasis whether you opt in or not. Whereas emojis were tucked away in earlier operating systems (you had to turn on the emoji keyboard in Settings), iOS 10 puts a spotlight on them. Emojis are now included in the predictive text feature, so you can easily swap the word you've typed out for its emoji equivalent. Emojis sent by themselves also show up three times larger. Any URLs, videos, or songs you send also get a visual treatment. Send a URL to a video, for example, and the recipient gets a preview of the content and can even watch the video inline without leaving the Messages app. With this intensely graphical update to the tried-and-true Messages app, it's evident that in the smartphone world, pictures speak a thousand words – and could even pan out to big business. View gallery - 7 images New AtlasTips & tricks: Messages goes image-heavy in iOS 10 1 / 7 Tags #iPhone #iPhone 7 #Apple+Apps #Apple #iOS 10 Share this article Post a comment Recomended for you Latest in Mobile Technology The HTC Bolt offers a big boost in data speeds – for a select few Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Oak dock puts augmented reality on the table Latest phone comparisons Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. Nexus 6P Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Apple products just got a lot more expensive because of the weak pound Harley Tamplin for Metro.co.ukFriday 28 Oct 2016 8:28 pm Yep, they’re even more expensive now (Picture: Metro.co.uk) Apple computers have received a sharp hike in price, with top of the range models on sale for £500 more than they were last week. And the products affected are not even new or particularly in demand. Pornhub makes offer to buy Vine saying ‘six seconds is more than enough’ They are as a result of the tech giant catching up with the rapidly changing exchange rate, with the value of the pound having plummeted since the Brexit vote. The Apple Store went down in the UK on Thursday ahead of the launch of the brand new MacBook Pro laptops. But when it was live again, some items were much more expensive than before – with the high-powered Mac Pro desktop leaping from £2,499 to an eye-watering £2,999. Thanks again, Brexit. The new MacBook is shiny, handsome and expensive (Picture: Getty) Not only that, but Apple has apparently ditched the conversion rate when it comes to the cost of the new MacBook Pro. It is retailing for $1,499 in the US and £1,449 in the UK (equivalent to $1,767), with similar gaps for larger models of the MacBook Pro. Apple finally lets us know what’s new with the latest Macbook Apple said it sets product prices based on multiple factors ‘including currency exchange rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes, and the cost of doing business’. The corporation is far from the only tech firm being forced to hike its prices as a result of Brexit. Microsoft has warned customers to expect a rise, while OnePlus and HTC have already inflated the prices of their products. MoreApple If you fall asleep with your iPhone in your bed you might want to see this Shops shouldn’t open on Boxing Day and this is why Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es NHS accidentally emails everyone in the NHS Sponsored13 coolest children's toys to buy this Christmas Petition to ban shops from opening on Boxing Day hits 100,000 signatures MORE: Apple finally lets us know what’s new with the latest Macbook MORE: Apple just leaked the big secret about the new Macbook – ahead of this week’s launch MORE: How to take a screenshot on an Apple Mac computer Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Shops shouldn’t open on Boxing Day and this is why Mysterious green and blue flashes appeared as New Zealand earthquake struck Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey released from prison after 10 years NHS accidentally emails everyone in the NHS Good news for world's saddest polar bear as he's removed from shopping centreMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Tech › Apple Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Apple Still Selling 2015 MacBook Pro And 13-Inch MacBook Air, But 11-Inch Air Discontinued Posted: Oct 28 2016, 2:14pm CDT | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Apple     We were shocked to see such a price hike for the new MacBook Pro but Apple has a remedy.... This morning Apple told us about its new and improved MacBook Pro notebooks. Those who wish to pick the cheapest Apple notebook won’t have to spend a fortune on a 2016 model. Apple has decided to keep the 2015 13-inch and 15 MacBook Pro. Don't Miss: Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals The 2016 13-inch MacBook Air also stays. Sadly, we will not see the 11-inch MacBook Air anymore. Apple is keen to push its fan towards the 12 inch MacBook instead. You can order the 2015 13-inch or 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro from the official website of Apple. The notebooks cost $1299 and $1999 respectively. These are the exact same prices they were retailing earlier. The 13-inch MacBook Air was refreshed earlier this year and it also goes around with the same $99 price before today’s announcements were made. This makes it $500 cheaper than the cheapest new MacBook Pro. The Apple notebook line up is now very MacBook Pro-heavy. We may see the 13-inchMacBook Air to be out sooner or later. For now, it is very reasonable and provides value proposition for those who wish to have a thin and light machine but do not want to spend on the new MacBook Pro. Anyone who wishes to have a MacBook Pro again but is hesitant on spending money which the newly announced Macs demand can choose last year’s model safely without any apprehension. The machine though will come with hardware function keys. It will also not have a fancy Touch Bar but then again even the cheapest 2016 MacBook Pro is in the same boat. If you wish to have the new touch based buttons you will need serious money to get your hands on the higher end models. The new Touch Bar-sporting MacBook Pro models start at $1799 and go up till $2799. You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST You Can Make Your iPhone Great Again With £3000 Gold-Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 1 day ago, 1:02pm CST Apple To Release 10.9 Inch Bezel-less iPad Pro In 2017 1 day ago, 12:38pm CST Apple’s MacBook Pro beats all other laptops of 2016 in sales 1 day ago, 10:29am CST iPhone 8 May Include OLED Screen 1 day ago, 9:27am CST Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 32 minutes ago Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 5 hours ago, 1:47pm CST U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 5 hours ago, 1:33pm CST Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 5 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 6 hours ago, 12:18pm CST Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 6 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 6 hours ago, 12:00pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 7 hours ago, 11:51am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Apple Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST You Can Make Your iPhone Great Again With £3000 Gold-Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 1 day ago, 1:02pm CST Apple To Release 10.9 Inch Bezel-less iPad Pro In 2017 1 day ago, 12:38pm CST Apple’s MacBook Pro beats all other laptops of 2016 in sales 1 day ago, 10:29am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 32 minutes ago Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 4 hours ago, 2:34pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Personal Computers Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 14, 2016 04:55:12 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Computing > Hardware > Personal Computers | Apple Brings a Surprising Touch to MacBook Event By John P. Mello Jr. Oct 28, 2016 11:19 AM PT Apple on Thursday unveiled two new MacBook Pro laptops, adding a touch more power to the line. Both the new 13-inch and 15-inch models will be offered in silver and space gray. They have a Touch Bar that replaces the row of function keys found on laptops, as well as a Touch ID fingerprint scanner incorporated into the power button. They sport a Force Touch trackpad that's twice the size of the trackpad in previous models. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro is 14.9 millimeters thick, 17 percent thinner than its predecessor. It's also smaller -- 23 percent by volume -- and at 3 pounds, it weighs half a pound less than the previous version. The 15-inch unit is 15.5mm thick, 14 percent thinner than previous models. It too has a smaller footprint than its previous generation, 20 percent by volume, and it tilts the scales at 4 pounds, also a half pound lighter than its predecessor. Both units have an improved version of the "butterfly" keyboard introduced in Apple's 12-inch MacBook, as well as a key dedicated to Apple's digital assistant Siri. They also have four Thunderbolt USB-C ports that can be used for a variety of tasks, including charging the units. "Four Thunderbolt ports are a tremendous amount of bandwidth," said Kevin Krewell, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "You can support two 4K displays, a 4K camera and an external storage array all at the same time with the 15-inch MacBook Pro," he told TechNewsWorld. "That's a lot of power." Brighter, Faster, Louder The MacBook displays also have been upgraded. For example, the screen on the new 15-inch model is 67 percent brighter, with a 67 percent greater contrast ratio and 25 percent more colors. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro runs on a 6th generation Intel Core i7 quad processor with 2133 MHz memory. It has Radeon Pro graphics based on AMD's Polaris architecture. It can deliver graphics 2.3 times faster than the previous generation of the laptop. The unit now supports up to 2 terabytes of solid state storage, and it's faster -- 50 percent faster than the previous model. The speakers also are better. They not only produce greater volume, but also have two times the dynamic range of previous models. The new 13-inch model runs on 6th generation i5 or i7 Intel chips, also mated to 2133 MHz system memory. It has Intel Iris graphics, as well as storage speeds twice those of its predecessor. Touch Bar The Touch Bar feature on the new MacBook Pros definitely was the star of the Apple's Thursday show. The bar is a high-resolution touch display that replaces the function keys on the laptop. The display is context aware, so it can change its content based on the application running in the foreground of the computer. "It's a disruptive new implementation," said Werner Goertz, a research director at Gartner. "It's not new to see a dynamically adaptable bar," he told TechNewsWorld, "but as usual, Apple has taken something that's already out there and perfected it." The bar acts almost as a second monitor. Items can be dragged from the main display to the bar. "That's something that will capture the user's imagination and will be a great differentiator for Apple going forward," Goertz said. The Touch Bar is a game changer for Apple, according to Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. "It allows not only Apple, but also developers to create custom connections to their applications, and make those applications more interactive and easier to access," he told TechNewsWorld. "Apple emphasized the role of the MacBook Pro for creativity," Bajarin continued, "but that Touch Bar will be extremely attractive to even mainstream consumers, because it changes how they interact with applications." Apple TV Along with the new MacBook Pro announcements, Apple revealed a new app for Apple TV and iOS aimed at unifying a user's TV experience. Called "TV," the free app displays an aggregate view of all shows and movies the user currently is watching through other apps. It also recommends programming based on the user's tastes. It provides access to a library of iTunes purchases and rentals, and a store for buying more content. "We want Apple TV to be the one place to access all of your television," said Apple CEO Tim Cook at the Thursday event. With 1600 apps available for Apple TV, it's become necessary for someone to step in and make it easier to discover and organize content, explained Bajarin. "The new TV app is designed specifically for that purpose," he said. Revenue Driver Apple TV will be a growth area for the company in 2017, noted Trip Chowdhry, managing director for equity research at Global Equities Research. "Service revenues this quarter grew 24 percent, probably because of Apple TV," he told TechNewsWorld. "That growth could accelerate in 2017 with the new Apple TV app." Although Apple believes its TV app will completely change how people will watch TV, Gartner's Goertz maintained the app will be less disruptive than Apple expects it will be. "If you look at what Amazon and others are doing with TV, it's what Apple is doing now," he said. "For that reason, I didn't see the TV app that disruptive." The absence of any mention of Apple TV's potential as a smart home hub was disappointing, Goertz added. "Apple is still lagging behind the Amazons of this world when it comes to the smart home," he said. There was no hint of restraint in Apple CEO Tim Cook's enthusiasm, however. "We couldn't be more excited about having our best product lineup ever heading into the holiday season," he said at the close of the event. The new 13-inch MacBook with function keys sells for US$1,499 and is available immediately. The Touch Bar models are available for preorder and will go on sale in two to three weeks, with the 13-inch version selling for $1,799 and the 15-incher for $2,399. John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple MacBook Pro Accessories 2016: USB-C to USB Adapters And Other Pieces To Buy By Alexandra Suarez On 10/28/16 AT 3:18 PM Close Apple’s highly anticipated new MacBook Pro has officially arrived. Well, almost. The new and improved MacBook Pro is now on sale, following its recent unveiling at the Apple Mac event. Although the new line of MacBook Pros is out, they’re also not expected to ship for another four to five weeks. The tech giant debuted its new lineup of MacBook Pros Thursday, four years since the company had added on to its selection of high-end laptops. The new MacBook Pros include both 13-inch and 15-inch models that include the Touch Bar and Touch ID features (the third Pro is a 13-inch laptop that does not come with the Touch Bar and Touch ID). In the weeks leading up to the event, rumors and tech blog leaks revealed that the new features would include the Touch Bar, Retina display and improved dynamic range and bass for its speakers. Another noted difference was the USB ports or lack thereof. All three laptops come with the new Thunderbolt 3, a universal port that “integrates data transfer, charging, and video output in a single connector,” according to Apple. The Thunderbolt 3 feature does indeed require the use of an extra adapter and cable – which means it’s time to add some new accessories to the Apple product arsenal. While awaiting the delivery of the new MacBook Pros, it might be time to start stocking up on some new accessories for Apple’s latest MacBook Pro.  Keyboard Covers: With Apple’s debut of the new Touch Bar, the standard keyboard cover will no longer do the trick. Tech accessory brand Moshi updated its existing line of MacBook Pro accessories to accommodate the new generation of MacBook Pros, which are set to appear online and in select retail stores in the coming weeks. Related Stories Is Apple Discontinuing The iPad Air Series? Apple MacBook Pro Price, Specs And Release Date Its new ClearGuard keyboard protector, a transparent keyboard protector designed from thermoplastic urethane, will seamlessly mold to the new keyboard. USB-C to Lightning Cables: This cable will be a necessity in order to connect an iPad, iPhone or iPod to the Thunderbolt 3 port. Best Buy already has a selection on sale now for under $30. New External Storage Drives: Although the new adapters and cables will still allow users to link their existing hard drives (with USB ports) to the new MacBook Pros, The Verge announced that tech accessory and storage solution company LaCie debuted a new external storage drive to accommodate the Thunderbolt 3. The new LaCie Bolt3 boasts a transfer speed of up to 2800MB/s – a speed which brings the price up to a cool $1,999. The new external drive is expected to debut sometime this year, according to the tech outlet. USB-C to USB Adapters: One can always rely on Amazon for any number of Apple adapters. The online mega-retailer already carries a range of adapters for the new MacBook Pros. The adapter allows users to connect their USB accessories like flash drives, to one of the new Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Digital Media Amy Schumer's 'Formation' parody turns lemonade into lemons Amy Schumer's 'Formation' parody turns lemonade into lemons Sound Bites: Amy Schumer enrages the BeyHive, Drake releases two new singles, and Spotify stays free. Amy Schumer's 'Formation' parody turns lemonade into lemons 0 Share: Digital Media by Xiomara Blanco October 28, 2016 11:54 AM PDT @zeeohmara Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Maybe it's the changing of the seasons, or the aftershock of Lady Gaga's album flop (by her standards at least, since it never made it into the top 10 on Billboard's Hot 100, something most of her previous catalog had achieved), but this has been a quiet week in streaming music. Let me hold your hand while we go over the dirty details, however few there were. No big new exclusives Apple Music and Tidal have a few exclusives this week, but nothing exceptionally notable. Tidal debuted new music videos for Bon Jovi's forthcoming album and an emotionally charged video treatment for a Vic Mensa track that unabashedly condemns police brutality. In the same week, Tidal premiered Amy Schumer's take on Beyonce's "Formation" music video. While some consider it a harmless parody/tribute (especially considering that Beyonce's husband Jay-Z owns Tidal), others called it an abomination (OK, I called it that) and a tasteless lampooning of a socially and politically significant piece of art. As a result, Twitter threw an #AmySchumerGottaGoParty, which I happily attended. Apple Music is exclusively streaming the soundtrack to "Before The Flood" (Leonardo DiCaprio's latest environmental docu-drama), the soundtrack to Fox's "Rocky Horror Picture Show" remake, and an album by some guy named Jack Savoretti -- which thematically fits in with the rest of the exclusives by sounding like a soundtrack, one made for a straight-to-DVD rom-com (in other words, I'll pass). New non-exclusives What is notable is that despite their close ties with Apple Music, Drake and Pharrell have released new tracks you can find on any streaming music platform. Pharrell dropped two new soulful singles for the upcoming movie "Hidden Figures." He produced and contributed original music to the film, which tells the true story of African-American female mathematicians who totally kicked ass at their NASA jobs. Unsurprisingly, they were unfairly left out of history books -- hence the movie's title. Drake, whose last album exclusively debuted on Apple Music, shared two new songs from a project titled "More Life." It's expected to land in December, and while there's no word on whether it'll be an exclusive in the end, the fact that he called it a "project" makes it sound like a mix-tape (as opposed to a LP), which tend to be free and available to all. Spotify for free, forever Despite some suspicion that Spotify's free tier days are numbered, Spotify doesn't care if you think its freemium service is bad for the music industry. Instead, it believes that though fans might not pay for an artist's music, they will pay for concert tickets and merchandise. And for the time being, it seems like the company is doing well enough to keep it going. Pandora ready to rescue Pandora Pandora doesn't get music exclusives the same way Spotify, Apple Music or Tidal do, so they do cute things like a Call of Duty playlist curated by rapper YG to promote the video game's release. That's not to say Pandora won't ever see how green the grass is on the other (a la carte streaming) side. It's planning to launch a Spotify rival in early December. The streaming radio service trails behind its competitors in listeners -- it even saw a small decrease in active users recently -- but it's hoping to capitalize on its longtime reputation by introducing a new service that can actually compete with a la carte music services. Tags Digital Media Internet Drake Pandora Spotify Twitter Beyoncé CNET Review Apple Music Apple's new streaming music service is officially here, but can it edge out Spotify, Pandora and other competitors? CNET takes a look. See it Related Stories Roc Nation clashes with Prince estate over streaming rights 'The Martian' test: Is VR for more than just gamers? Google Play Music revamp taps into your life to suggest songs Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK, with Echo as its secret weapon Close   Discuss: Amy Schumer's 'Formation' parody turns lemonade... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
News Training Shoes and Gear 2016 Running Gear Guide Injury Prevention Nutrition Trail Running Search Test Run: Apple Watch Nike+ Edition By Sam Winebaum, Published Oct. 28, 2016, Updated Nov. 2, 2016 at 7:11 AM UTC The new running-oriented Nike+ version of the Apple Watch hit stores on Oct. 28 for $369-$399, depending on size. Photos: Sam Winebaum The Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 launched Oct. 28. We secured this hot new item and quickly got to work with initial field-based testing. We’d seen product images circulating and had noted the bold Nike styling, but there’s nothing like having one on the wrist and testing it on the run. Newly introduced features include the addition of GPS to the watch, full waterproofing and a sophisticated swim app. The screen is significantly brighter and the processor is faster—features that have all been well covered in tech news. The Apple Watch Nike+, like all Series 2 Apple Watches, now tracks runs phone-free and, via the onboard music player, keep your tunes playing reliably. In addition to the features specific to the Nike+ model there are literally thousands of other watch apps and everyday utility features built available for downloading. Price-wise, the Nike+ edition costs the same as other Apple Series 2 watches. RELATED: 7 Great Apps to Track Your Running Data Some of the differences between the Nike+ version of the Apple Watch are purely stylistic, most notably the use of color coordinated Nike+ sport-focused bands.The digital and analog Nike+ watch faces definitely have a bold look, including the prominently use of Nike’s signature Volt yellow. On the functional side, this model provides direct watch-face access to the onboard Nike+Run Club app. The Nike watch faces also provide one-touch access to the weather and your overall activities. These kinds of on-the-face features are known in watch speak as “complications.” With the Nike+ model they can be swapped out for other on-the-face features via the Apple phone app. We were easily able to swap the activity view for one that displayed the battery life indicator, an important consideration as this watch will get you through about 5 hours of running without the phone connected, or 18 hours of typical daily use with a phone connection. We have seen between 5 and 6 hours of running GPS with HR battery life without the phone. After a post launch OS update, we saw very significant improvements in all day phone connected battery life, approximately 26 hours albeit with a lighter than spec load of notifications, app usage, messages, and phone calls. The 26 hours included 2 hours 10 minutes of phone free GPS with HR running.  Deeper into the plumbing of the new Watch OS3, it was good to see that the developers are making it easier for users to customize features and draw data from other sources. For example, one of the the Nike+Run Club app screens “When Are You Running?” pulls data from Dark Sky, a third-party weather app. This lets you schedule runs by time of day and displays a snapshot of the expected temperature and weather for that time. Another nice surprise was that the exclusive Nike watch band proved far more comfortable than the original Apple Watch, even though it is made of the same material. The band is compression molded compound—the model we tried had an inner band in Volt Yellow, the outer band in Flat Silver and the case was Silver Aluminum. There are three other Nike exclusive combinations of band and case. Softer, more pliable and stretchy than the original’s Sport Band (with plenty of holes for breathability and weight reduction), the band balances a secure hold on the wrist with comfort. A secure, light-free seal is essential for reliable wrist heart rate readings. The Nike+ band is much easier than the old Sport Band to put on and then cinch tight enough, without discomfort, to get that seal, and a shorter band is included for smaller wrists. Wearability and perceived weight have taken steps forward from the previous models. So what about the heart rate monitor during our first run? It was pretty good, but with a suspiciously high reading initially—although that’s not unusual in cool weather, especially at the start of runs. Cinching the watch tightly on the wrist helped, but more testing is in order before any real critiques can be made. (We are testing the Apple’s heart rate functionality side-by-side with the reliable Garmin Fenix.) We did notice that the user only sees in-run heart rate if the “Advanced Mode” is selected in the Nike+Run Club app—it’s is not displayed in the default workout screen, though it is tracked in the background. Other stats in the Advanced Mode are distance, elapsed time, time of day and current pace. The non-advanced default workout screen has three metrics, again on one screen: distance, elapsed time and time of day. Turning the digital crown changes the big font Volt metric for one of the others on the screen. Unfortunately, the small digits for heart rate are hard to see in bright light and cannot be turned to big and bold Volt size. In a very cool feature, and without a phone, the watch will alert you at each mile, via the speaker or the Bluetooth earphones, as to your average pace, distance, and elapsed time. The speaker was surprisingly easy to hear. There’s an auto-pause option if you stop running, which is an essential feature. You can just start running to activate tracking, or set an initial target for time, distance, or speed (this requires a phone connection). When the run is paused, the screen will show your distance, average pace, time, heart rate and even where you are on a map (again, only with a phone connection.) Swipe left to access to music controls and swipe right to manually pause and then via two taps to end the workout. GPS acquisition seemed very quick but it was hard to know for sure because, beyond a “1,2,3” countdown display, there is nothing to tell you are actually locked in to a signal. Distance on my first run on open, flat terrain with few trees matched the Garmin Fenix HR model’s mileage almost exactly. Trail accuracy is to yet be determined with more testing needed. Screen visibility on an overcast day was excellent. The use of Volt yellow on black background creates high contrast. Apple claims that the new model is two times brighter than the original, which was terrible in bright sunlight, and so far the Nike+ seems reassuringly easy to read. RELATED: 7 Things to Know About GPS Watches The more information-focused runners may wonder, “That’s it, only one screen of data?” With the exception of not having average pace displayed live (recall, though, that it is called out at every mile), the basics are all there, and more functions can be added with additional apps. I could see using the same approach as for customizing watch face complications to allow runners to customize their workout screen with preferred and additional data fields beyond what is offered now. The data is surely available and crunchable as the Apple Watch has an incredibly powerful processor. Adding a second screen of data would not be too much to ask for, in our opinion. Nike’s slogan for the app and watch is “Are We Running Today?” Closely tied to the iPhone Nike+Run Club app, the watch Run Club app is heavy on inspiration and motivation—if you’re a numbers-driven runner perhaps this is just what you need to get out there on those dark cold winter mornings! If you use a Nike+Run Club training plan, it will remind you what your next run is, and if you’re following a group leader board the unit will let you know things like a few more miles are needed to surpass a friend’s training. The Apple Watch Nike+ goes far beyond a conventional GPS watch or even a GPS “smart watch” in its utility and bold style. Beyond the run, and with your phone nearby, you can answer calls from your wrist, see and feel driving directions, dictate a message, ask Siri for help, tell her to play music or to call someone. There is a full suite of activity monitoring as well as a new and very relaxing Breathe app. Thousands of other apps, including other running apps, are available. The original Apple Watch was hobbled by no GPS, slow response, limited integration of apps to the OS and to each other, not to mention a so-so screen for outdoor use. While its still not perfect, the Apple Watch Series 2 and its Nike+ version sees significant improvement in the watch’s running features and overall utility. RELATED: Advanced GPS Watches with Style Training 8 Tough Workouts for Tough Runners Workout of the Week: Out-and-Backs 16 Weeks to Your First 50K Golden Hour: Get Faster with Just 60 Minutes of Supplemental Training How to Master Downhill Trail Running 6 Plyometric Exercises That Will Give You a Leg Up Top Stories Popular Now Most Read Elvis (aka Mike Wardian) Wins Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Marathon 10 Exercises to Treat IT Band Syndrome | Page 2 of 2 Super Cushy Rides: 15 Max Cushioned Running Shoes Weak In The Knees? Strengthen Your Hips Running 101: How Often Should You Run? A Record 51,338 Runners Finished the 2016 New York City Marathon How To Beat Piriformis Syndrome 7 Runner-Friendly Lights for Nighttime Workouts New Techniques For Treating Plantar Fasciitis How To Beat IT Band Syndrome 10 Exercises to Treat IT Band Syndrome 10 Exercises to Treat IT Band Syndrome | Page 2 of 2 Adidas Makes Running Shoes From Recycled Ocean Plastic Five Do-It-Yourself Remedies For Plantar Fasciitis Out There: Porta-Potty Etiquette for Runners New Techniques For Treating Plantar Fasciitis Running 101: How Often Should You Run? Michael Kutcher Ready to Chase Tomorrow at GEICO Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Half Marathon 7 Injuries That Could Be Causing Your Hip Pain How To Beat Runner's Knee Subscribe Start your FREE subscription to Competitor Digital today! Get our monthly digital magazine, weekly running content & exclusive offers delivered to your inbox. Sign Up You can unsubscribe at any time. View Privacy Policy Running Resources Training Plans Get Fit Runner's Library Browse Race Calendar Browse Shoe Directory Browse Related Articles Wrist Bling: Advanced GPS Watches with Style New Study Suggests Wearing a Fitness Tracker May Impede Weight Loss 5 Innovative Music Items for Running to the Beat Tech Buzz: Fitbit Debuts Charge 2, Flex 2 Fitness Trackers First Look at Polar’s Latest GPS Training Watch: M600 Strava Introduces ‘Beacon’ Safety Feature for Premium Subscribers Subscribe Digital Edition Follow Us /competitor.running /competitor /runcompetitor /runcompetitor Subscribe Start your FREE subscription to Competitor Digital today! Get our monthly digital magazine, weekly running content & exclusive offers delivered to your inbox. Sign Up You can unsubscribe at any time. View Privacy Policy Digital Network Competitor Running Triathlete VeloNews Women’s Running Triathlete Europe RunNow.eu Events Network Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon Series Carlsbad 5000 Nations Tri TriRock Triathlon Series © 2014 Competitor Group Inc. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Advertise Media Kit Contact Home Training News Injury Prevention Video Subscribe Search Recent Stories Elvis Wins Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Marathon Photos: Brooks Rock 'n' Roll 5K Costumes, Music Amp Up Brooks Rock 'n' Roll 5K in Vegas Scenes from the Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Race Expo Can Mike Wardian Run the Fastest Marathon Dressed as Elvis? Vegas Marathon Veteran Ready to Rock 26.2 Again Brooks Unveils Rock 'n' Roll Shoes The David Torrence Story Understanding a Marathoner’s Running Power via Stryd Veteran Helping Soldiers, Runners Treat Plantar Fasciitis Resilient Sherry Ricker Running her 100th Rock The Story Behind Michael Versteeg’s Record 830-Mile Adidas Makes Running Shoes from Recycled Ocean Plastic A Record 51,338 Runners Finished the 2016 New York City Michael Kutcher Ready to Chase Tomorrow at GEICO Rock Recommended Training Shoe Directory Race Calendar Nutrition Routes Trail Running Podcasts 26 Strong Subscribe Search Trending Elvis (aka Mike Wardian) Wins Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Marathon 10 Exercises to Treat IT Band Syndrome | Page 2 of 2 Super Cushy Rides: 15 Max Cushioned Running Shoes Weak In The Knees? Strengthen Your Hips Running 101: How Often Should You Run? A Record 51,338 Runners Finished the 2016 New York City Marathon How To Beat Piriformis Syndrome 7 Runner-Friendly Lights for Nighttime Workouts New Techniques For Treating Plantar Fasciitis How To Beat IT Band Syndrome Videos A Virtual Reality Tour of the NYC Marathon Video: Jim Walmsley—The Distance Video: Rickey Gates and Anna Frost Run the Mystical Cancer Survivor Sets Amazing Trail Record Video: Running and Rafting Through Utah’s Canyons Photos Photos: Brooks Rock 'n' Roll 5K Scenes from the Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Race Expo Understanding a Marathoner’s Running Power via Stryd Scenes from the 2016 New York City Marathon Iframe
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / The Apple MacBook Pro Touch Bar's T1 chip actually runs on watchOS The Apple MacBook Pro Touch Bar's T1 chip actually runs on watchOS by Chris Smith 28 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments That headline-making Touch Bar on the new Apple MacBook Pro actually bares more than a slight resemblance to the Apple Watch. Speaking to The Verge, noted Apple developer Steve Troughton-Smith has discovered the T1 chip that powers the Touch bar actually runs on the same macOS software as Apple’s wearable. Related: MacBook Pro Touch Bar - The coolest features "From everything I can piece together, the T1 chip in the new MacBook Pro is a variant of the system-on-a-chip used in the Apple Watch," he said. "Running watchOS on the T1 lets the Mac benefit from Apple's deep work on iOS embedded security, as the T1 gates access to the Touch ID sensor and, from the looks of it, the front-facing camera in the new MacBook Pro too." However, according to Troughton-Smith, that doesn’t mean we’ll start seeing Apple Watch apps showing up on the Touch Bar. Apparently it only has a 25MB ramdisk, which is used to boot up the TouchBar, but is missing the full version of watch that would allow it to mirror the user-interface on Apple’s laptop. "There's no way for multiple apps to drive the bar layout at the same time," he said. Interestingly though, it seems to be possible that the watchOS software could be used even when the laptop is not running macOS. Apple executive Craig Federighi has confirmed the Touch Bar will simply become a visual row of function keys when running Windows with Boot Camp. Troughton-Smith says: “The Touch Bar theoretically could run while the rest of the machine is turned off, so you get all the low-power and security benefits of an iOS device, without having to switch to ARM completely on the desktop." MacBook Pro event 2016 Will you be snapping up a MacBook Pro or is the Brexit-affected starting price of £1,450 out of your price range? Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display & Force Touch Trackpad MJLQ2LL/A $1,599.99 View Item Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display 8GB Memory - 128GB Storage MF839LL/A $1,029.99 View Item Apple MacBook Pro 13" Retina 2.7GHz Core i5 256GB 8GB RAM MF840LL/A BRAND NEW! $1,310.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     MacBook Pro didn’t double the RAM because 32GB RAM would decrease battery life By Christian Zibreg, Oct 28, 2016 Tweet 66 Comments I’ve had a blast configuring the new MacBook Pro in Apple’s online store and a lack of 32GB RAM upgrade option immediately jumped out at me. Thirteen-inch Pros include 8GB RAM while the faster and pricier fifteen-inch machines double that to to sixteen gigabytes. According to Apple, the new MacBook Pro cannot be configured with 32 gigabytes of RAM because doubling the memory would have a negative impact on battery life. MacRumors reader David emailed Apple’s marketing boss Phil Schiller asking about the RAM situation on the new MacBook Pro notebooks. “The lack of a 32GB build-to-order option for the new MacBook Pros raised some eyebrows and caused some concerns (me included),” reads David’s email. “Does ~3 GBps bandwidth to flash storage make this a moot issue? I.e. memory paging on a 16GB system is so fast that 32GB is not a significant improvement?”, he asked. Schiller responded that outfitting the new notebook with more than 16GB RAM would waste too much energy and have a negative impact on battery life. Here’s Schiller’s response in full: It is a good question. To put more than 16GB of fast RAM into a notebook design at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook. I hope you check out this new generation MacBook Pro, it really is an incredible system. The new Pros use faster 2133 MHz memory. This shouldn’t concern the vast majority of notebook users because the 15-incher has plenty of RAM to run many apps without slowdowns. But if you’re going to be driving four external displays in 4K resolution via the new Pro to edit 4K and 6K footage and use the most resource-intensive apps, then I guess you might have a problem. What Apple should have done, I’d reckon, is permit power users to configure their MacBook Pro with 32GB RAM because those types of customers surely wouldn’t mind doubling the RAM at the expense of battery life. Also, if you’re going to edit high-resolution footage on this notebook you’re probably going to connect a desktop monitor to your Pro via USB-C, which also charges the notebook so battery life shouldn’t be something to worry about. I’m guessing Schiller forgot to mention that doubling the RAM would also make the CPU/GPU and the RAM chips become too hot to perform reliably. Intel’s Skylake chips and AMD’s dedicated Radeon GPU in the new Pro already require a whole new thermal architecture to keep components cool. In fact, the latest 15-inch MacBook Pro is rated with ten hours of wireless web use or iTunes movie playback, which is an hour improvement over the previous 15-incher. According to Apple’s webpage, the new MacBook Pro “continuously monitors system thermal and power conditions, and may adjust performance as needed to maintain optimal system operation” so there’s that. Does the RAM situation on the new MacBook Pro make sense to you? Source: MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend MacBook Pro’s lack of 32GB RAM option could also be blamed on Intel’s Skylake chips Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… 1Password now supports Touch ID and Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro Apple aggressively boosting MacBook Pro orders with 15M estimated shipments in 2016 Related Topics Apple, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, News, RAM Pedro Remedios Buy the Mac Pro. Period. Problem solved. Deal with it! Mr Mop But the hardware in the Mac Pro is 3 years old asdf hackintosh george Shitty advice tipoo2 Buy a GCN 1.0 GPU computer for a few thousand dollars in 2016? Yeah, no. The combined performance of the two highest end GPUs in there has far been outstripped by cheaper single cards. Rejkelie That is not a solution for a couple of reasons. 1. Many people (especially in R&D) work in multiple locations and wants there main computer to be easily moveable. The garbage can isn’t. 2. The design of the MP is > 3 years old and the performance is not on pair with competition given the price. It was good then. Not now. 3. Longevity, the write off time in most companies is >= 3 years. Any MBP you buy today will most likely have to survive until ~2020. Having that capped to 16GB will make it a no go for many professional users. I’m sure the MBP will sell like water in Sahara to all people wanting to flash the L&G but for many us “professionals” this is unfortunately a complete showstopper at the moment and will make me keep my current MBP 15″ in the lab until te next spin of the HW comes out with more memory. Jess do you lack imagination, or just like to criticize others? there’s a million use cases that require a powerful laptop. and some of these even save lives.. Agneev Mukherjee Typo right there. The new Pros use faster 2,1333 MHz memory. It’s 2133MHz. Christian Zibreg Fixed, thanks YaBoyLilMayo Is It really that big of a deal? You still know wtf they mean bruh. This is the only website where people feel the need to become grammar nazis in the comments as if they get a prize or something for finding a tiny typo that doesn’t even effect the story….hold this L Agneev Mukherjee Yes, 2,1333 instead of 2133 is a big deal, ask a tech nazi and you’ll know. TechnoBuff Chris, your hyperbole is interesting “I’ve had a blast configuring the new MacBook Pro in Apple’s online store” The is only a max of 3 buttons to select from, there is not much to configure and you call that a BLAST!!!!! LOL You make the mundane sound so phenomenal ! Jibbley Gravey But it’s our choice? is it not? I’ll BEAT Tim Cook’s A** rockdude094 just get another laptop there are other brands other than apple you know Jibbley Gravey That run MacOS?????? lol no. No brand but APPLE. Still pushing with my Macbook Air. techfreak23 Hackintosh BRO Jibbley Gravey BRO …. we BOTH know HACKINTOSH is CRAP compared to the real deal… Trust me… before i had a Mac I attempted a hackintosh machine… JUST NO techfreak23 Meh it’s not that bad. I converted my old custom built pc into a Hackintosh and only had one issue that was very minor. Everything else worked PERFECTLY. Jess there’s Windows, or OS X. what else?? Andre Gironda The Mac Pro desktop (read: non-portable) is not something to lug around for digital forensics acquisitions. The MacBook Pro via macOS made it easy to engage a ramdisk. However, if a memory acquisition from another computer has 16G or more RAM, then it can’t be expanded in the MBP’s ramdisk space. The MBP is a flagship device for users wanting to plug into 4 4K or 2 5K monitors at the office desk while carrying to others’ cubes and into conference rooms for meetings. It doesn’t need 10 hours of battery life — it would be fine with 2-4 hours. The escape key isn’t that big of a deal — an external keyboard can provide that escape-key experience at the desk. However, the 16G of RAM is a huge deal — Engineers, Administrators, App developers, technology designers, and technology people of all types can use 32G of RAM — heck they can use 64G of RAM. With Docker containers (e.g., docker-machine), Cluster Operating Systems (e.g., Mesos DCOS), and workstation-style guest-OS virtualization (e.g., Vagrant, Parallels, Virtualbox, et al) — I don’t see how the MBP is relevant in an era where increasing RAM-space demands are scaling. What about CAD/CAM users who enjoy the roaming-cubes and conference-room roaming experience? What about deep learning prototypers? What about CG designers? Everyone can use more RAM! We want RAM, Apple, not excuses!! 5723alex . Buy a Surface Book i7. You can fit in 128GB of RAM, drive 8 4K monitors or 6 5K …. Chris Savage exactly Mr_Coldharbour How is 16GB of RAM not enough? Maybe for those who are running multiple virtual machines and web servers on that single MBP and apps that have been running for 2 days straight, 16GB is plenty good. Ricky Williams It’s not that 16GBs is not enough the problem is that it’s not an option. Some are more concerned with what they can’t get. There will be all these reasons why it’s needed no matter what other options are out there to fill the need. I’ve run my 2012 MBP with 16GBs of RAM since new and the RAM has never for me been the issue. I run multiple virtual machines with Linux and Windows without any issues. Like other posters have said there are other laptops out there, there is also the iMac and Mac Pro. Mr_Coldharbour Agreed. However as I stated I don’t think 32GB was ever an option on an Apple notebook, past or present. That’s why the iMac or Mac Pro (provided we see an update for those machines) are more compelling options. techfreak23 Apple no longer caters to professionals and hasn’t been for the last few years. This is an issue for those types of users. I myself have 16GB of RAM in my 2011 13″ MacBook Pro and I’m pretty consistently using anywhere between 10-14GB of RAM and I don’t even do any video, photo, or audio editing. I don’t think this is a problem for a majority of users, but definitely a pain in the ass for professionals. Mr_Coldharbour I do agree completely that shortly after the arrival of Tim Cook professionals have taken a back seat. Despite this, look at the PC market as a whole, who else besides Apple offers 16GB of RAM in a laptop as a standard baseline? No one else not even gaming PC manufacturers like Dell’s Alienware. Again, I do agree with what you said. All I’m saying is: (1) Apple computers still generally offer much more RAM in their computers in recent years. (2) Maybe the iMacs and Mac Pros will get updated and those go up to 64GB of RAM if not more, and that should be a solution. AquaVelva So get an iMac. When the MBP has NEVER had more than 16GB, what is your complaint? Professionals have other options in the mac lineup and if those are insufficient (as they apparently have been FOR YEARS), then get some other device. Jess You’re both missing the point. Just because MBP never had more than 16GB doesn’t mean it never should. Needs change, 4K and soon higher video standards (since this laptop can be expected to last many years) now require more RAM than in the past. If a professional or production studio is committed to OS X, there is literally no other choice for mobile professionals. We’re not talking about baseline RAM, other vendors offer 32GB as an option, why not Apple? The answer is simple actually – to force users to upgrade in 1-2 years time, when the 32GB option will be available. Apple has little real innovation left, it makes its money by withholding features and putting in incremental improvements that forces its user base to upgrade machines constantly to keep up and end up spending more than they otherwise would. JohnS I think you’re also missing something. Other vendors make computers for Windows to run on NOT MacOS. Take a look at the iPhone vs the Samsung for a second and watch the multitasking comparisons. Not all OSs are created equal and some require more memory than others. Case in point, I still use a MacBook Air with 8GB of memory and have quite comfortably recorded video on it, run virtualization software from it, edited movies, programed and had over 100 browser tabs open before simultaneously. While I’m sure it could be faster with more memory 8GB is actually going quite nice for me and one of my friends watching me work on it commented that he wished his old laptop was as fast as mine (and he has double the memory I do). Oh, and the external monitor I use with this is a 4K display too… Point is, at 8GB of RAM I’m seeing no reason to ditch this laptop. I’ll probably continue using it until it has a hardware failure at this rate. But if there’s anything I’m NOT concerned about it’s the max limit of 32GB of memory. MacOS has proven historically it’s very capably of doing a considerable about with a lot less. AquaVelva What an idiotic assessment you provided. Apple is at the forefront of many technologies. SoC, storage, displays, operating system and ecosystem are all untouchable. The fact that you’re too stupid to see Apples innovation is your fault. Jess How does it make sense to force someone who needed a laptop to suddenly buy a desktop, just because they needed the extra 16GB or RAM (many creative professionals, especially for 4K video editing)? Mobile and fixed desktop machines are totally different in terms of usability. JohnS Uhm… have you ever tried editing 4K video on an iPad? I ask because it’s silky smooth and only has 4GB of memory (which is 1/8th of the memory in the macBook Pro)… I edit video regularly on this MacBook Air with 8GB of memory and have 0 issues with it as well. I don’t buy your claim that anyone NEEDS more than 32GB of RAM in a laptop. Don Walker II How is 4GB 1/8th of 16GB? I think you mean 1/4th… JohnS Haha, my bad. Thanks for pointing that out. I was seeing 32GB mentioned so much here that I divided it into that 😛 My mistake! Don Walker II LeMerlot The missing RAM upgrade option is exactly the reason why I won’t buy the new MBP in its 1st version – that became clear for me after yesterday’s Apple presentation. I’ve always invested into the High End versions of the MBP in the last years – meaning in this new case an amount over 5.000 EUR (app. 5.500 USD) to spend as a German user. For this price tag the new MBP should be perfectly configurable for a Pro which it isn’t. So I’ll stay with my current MBR with already 16 GB RAM until the next MBP hardware version. kiboi Mac pro trash can also no upgrade this year. Smh AquaVelva Not sure how it’s missing if it was never there…. techfreak23 I think it’s time Apple… time to let Jony go… this whole obsession with making everything thinner because of every little jump in power efficiency is getting in the way of making better products with better battery life and keeping certain ports alive. NO ONE is asking for thinner devices. Cut the crap already. leart NO ONE is asking for thinner devices. Don’t be so much sure about that techfreak23 Please, tell me how shaving off 3mm and .5 a lb off of a laptop changes your life when you have to carry around that weight in adapters and dongles… or how shaving .2mm off the phones makes any difference whatsoever… TJ techfreak23 I agree, Im still amazed at how thin my mid 2015 MBP is, I think losing all those ports for a thinner design is ludicrous. JohnS IDK, 4 thunderbolt 3 ports is a major deal though… I’ll miss having at least 1 old USB port for the occasional times I need a thumb drive, but these days I do almost everything wirelessly anyways. One of the reasons I’m so excited though is that TB3 is crazy powerful. Enough so that you can now run desktop graphics cards to power external displays over them. Want the absolute latest desktop grade graphics for something? You can now. Want to plug in dozens of USB 3.0 devices into your laptop or really anything else? You can. The parallel data transfer and capabilities is unlike anything else out there. Personally this is one of the big pro features I’ve been holding out for to upgrade! So while I don’t have direct access to the old ports, knowing I’ve got so much more power now and can do things I’ve wanted to for a long time but haven’t been able to is well worth the trade for me. Plus if I’m honest I don’t use most of the ports unless I’m docked at my desk and in that case… I doesn’t effect me anyways. TJ I understand what your saying but not everyone lives in the “wireless world like we do. It’s like Apple just ripped of a huge bandage JohnS Yeah the biggest thing I think I’ll miss is the MagSafe 🙁 Fortunately though there are power to USB-C MagSafe like adapters on Amazon and elsewhere so I’ll probably just pick one of them up. I think the problem is that even if Apple said OK we’ll keep one USB 3.0 around for another year for compatibility sake. People would not only complain there isn’t enough USB 3.0 ports many wouldn’t bother to buy any adapters because why bother when you have the port right? At some point it had to happen and it was going to hurt. I think the big thing this time around is that all the change happened at once. White Michael Jackson Lmaoo Jess 3mm? that’s a lot, for a 15mm thick machine. I think most would have preferred an 8 mm or less thick machine. Basically, the thinner and lighter the better. 2lbs and less is noticeable. Let the techheads decide what the trade-offs are, but 95% of users want the thinnest machine possible. ideally, a foldable piece of power. step-by-step for sure, guess we’ll fight Apple every step of the way. Dongles not used all the time, just charge it up for the main show. For all-day use some modular set up is fine. 12 inch macbook pro is great, just a bigger version but not thicker, foldable screen to 15 and 17″ screen JohnS Interesting write up there! Here’s a few perspectives from another angle however if you’re interested. First of all I think selling computers without working to make them self serviceable isn’t that novel of a concept. Almost any other electronic that you get is a package. You buy a TV, stereo, VR headset, GPS, microwave, you name it; it’s a package. You buy it, enjoy the features it has and upgrade later when it breaks or a new model has a feature you decide you need. Why computers are the lone wolf here is a bit strange if you think about it. Most people don’t ever upgrade components on it anyways. If something breaks a year after getting it you replace it on warranty, several years after and now you’re left trying to figure out if it’s worth dumping hundreds in to upgrade the graphics when just a few more beyond that could get you a whole new setup with better specs across the board. Point is, I don’t think Apple is anti-hacker as much as trying to create products that “just work” (their words not mine) and when you look at everything else we buy it seems to make sense. Also, you mention apple dishing things out in steps. I don’t think this is really their choice. Like you said, if we buy a computer we can get up to 10 years out of it. Why does everyone seem to loose their mind and upgrade phones the day a new one comes out when there is nothing wrong with the old one then? Isn’t it really weird that people now have plans that let them actually upgrade 2x or more in a year so they can hop from flagship release to flagship release thought the year? I used my iPhone 2G for years and finally upgraded to the 4S and then to the 6+. But we as customers DEMAND that companies come out with products every 365 days. Along the way we compare them to other releases and complain that our phone is slipping behind and then when we get our release that was put together in less than 12 months we complain because its not the big jump that the original phones were that spent 6 years in development. Anyways, my point is I think that many of Apple’s decisions are based around the bizarre things we customers do. Would I like to see Apple maybe release a new phone every 2-3 years instead of every year? I actually think that might be more healthy and get us better features as they wouldn’t loose months and months every year working out manufacturing issues with the current tech. But they can’t, or people would riot in the streets that Apple is dead and has lost it’s ability to innovate etc. People that have to have something new every 6-12 months would switch and Apple would loose most of it’s customer base. Last thought is that an all in one device has a major issue. There’s a phrase out there that I think sums it up well. Jack of all trades, but a master of none. The problem is that the second you try to do everything on a single device you no longer do anything as well as if you specialized in that area. iOS specializes in bringing 100% of the apps and its OS to you in a finger friendly system, MacOS for a keyboard and mouse environment and TVOS for a remote controlled setup. The problem its that doing things on an all-in-one becomes incredibly difficult. You can’t get desktop level performance from a cellphone processor… So trying to attach peripherals to it will result in a sub par experience, an app might be optimized for touch but not for a remote so does it just give you a bad experience or does it vanish off your device when hooked up to a TV? The questions go on and on. Microsoft has chosen to be a jack of all trades and a master of none. Apple has tried to find some things that they can specialize in with the hope of doing each better than anyone else. It’s more expensive for consumers… but the experience is better too. All depends again on what the consumers are looking for. Considering Apple is the #1 seller of laptops, tablets, and phones I’d say that they are listening to their customers demands. LeMerlot I’d guess finally it’s just about cost savings by keepin’ the price high – which results in higher revenue per device. IMHO making everything thinner is just their marketing argument for justifying this move. JohnS Actually a lot of people want thinner and lighter devices (especially people who fly a lot and want to use them on airplanes). I myself got a MacBook Air simply because it was smaller and I knew I was going to be using it on the go a LOT. Every time I end up trying to hold my computer with one hand and type with the other I’m happy it’s small and light for that matter. So here is someone asking for thinner devices, please don’t assume to speak for me 😉 MacOS is also VERY good at managing memory. I run a web server on this MacBook Air, several development applications, video capture and editing software, virtualization tools, and more. Heck right now I have 92 tabs open across my 3 browsers (if I counted that right) and all of this on 8GB of RAM with next to 0 performance issues or lag. Could my computer be faster with more? Yup. But “true” professionals (like the good folks rending and creating movies for Pixar) are going to be using desktops not laptops for their work. Laptops sacrifice power for mobility and Apple is really doing a solid job I feel on this front. This new laptop is more capable than ever before and can handle 99% of “professional” workflows out there. But for the ones it can’t there are still desktop units. And quite honestly, if you’re doing work that requires that sort of hardware… you probably should be using a desktop anyways… Why should Apple try to make a laptop compete with a desktop when a laptop by nature does what a desktop can’t do? Be portable. Each should play to their strengths (desktops being powerhouses and laptops being highly mobile) or really what’s the point of having both? Why not just make a beast of a laptop and quit the desktop industry altogether? techfreak23 Yes, I get that SOME people want smaller devices, but that’s why they came out with the Airs and the 12″ MacBook. MacBook Pros are a different ballgame, hence the name PRO. I do work in an Apple retail environment, so I hear a lot of what customers want and expect out of their machine. Also get a lot of professionals in the video (maybe not Pixar level), music, and photography field going for the 15″ Pros because of what they use them for and because of the need to be portable. Of course, many of them also have desktops in addition to their laptops, but they need similar power when they are on the go. These are the types of customers that don’t appreciate changes like the ones made. My point wasn’t that they should compete with desktops because that’s what desktops are for. My point was that they are just making devices thinner for the sake of making them thinner at the expense of functionality. I, for one and many others like me, don’t like the new keyboard mechanism that came out with the new MacBook and now this latest refresh of Pros because they are almost too sensitive and don’t have the same tactile feel as before. I haven’t tried the new keyboards on Pros, but hopefully they don’t feel exactly the same as on the MacBook. Apple created their own engineering problem by wanting to make a wafer thin device and came up with the crappy keyboard. I know that’s a personal opinion, but I know I am not the only one who feels that way. The good thing that came out of that problem was the new way of laying out the battery to make the best use of the space. Now those that upgrade to the new Pros will have to live in adapter land for awhile or upgrade all of their equipment. I get that Apple is trying to push everyone into the future with TB3/USB-C because that’s where the market is going, but there has to be a transition period for everyone to catch up. Apple should have skipped making it thinner and left the SD reader (which a lot of photographers are angry that it’s been removed) and two USB-A ports. Once people have gotten more USB-C peripherals and caught up, THEN make the change. Google didn’t just come out with the Pixel with ONLY USB-C ports, they had two and two. The 13″ Pro doesn’t even have fully functioning TB3 ports on the right side, so why bother having the four ports instead of two USB-A ports. Your last paragraph there is exactly why Apple won’t come out with a tablet/laptop hybrid, but that doesn’t mean that a laptop shouldn’t encroach a little on the desktop space in terms of power. Why do you think the gaming laptop business is doing as well as it is? JohnS As someone who edits video periodically on a 8GB Ram 1.7GHz MacBook air I happen to know that you can in fact work quite nicely without needing “desktop specs”. In fact a few weekends ago, I was playing a video game, doing a Skype call and recording the screen without any lag or issues what-so-ever. The new MacPro’s are beasts compared to the laughable setup I have currently. That’s my point. I think that claiming this is a bad move because “the nebulous group out there known as professionals” aren’t getting enough specs is a bit odd. However you do raise some great points: I do agree with your comment about the keyboards. I also hope that the new keyboards are better than on the MacBooks! Oh, and since you work Apple retail feel free to let us know when they pull them out to show you 😉 I also agree that the laptops shouldn’t be made thin if it’s at the expense of features. The one area I do disagree on is that there is never a good time to remove a port from a user’s viewpoint. If this computer had kept the SD card reader so that people could have time to buy adapters we both know that no one would do it. You don’t buy an adapter so you can not use something, you buy it so that you can use something that won’t function without it. So if apple waited a year and then pulled it everyone would still be mad because no one would have bought an adapter unless the built in reader stopped working. Personally I’m bummed that they didn’t keep just one USB 3.0 port on there as SO much stuff still uses it. I can understand the technical reasons not to, but for sheer convenience sake I wish they would have. I also am going to miss the mag-safe charger too 🙁 Oh and as far as gaming computer sales, those are doing well, but they are in a league of their own with a purpose of their own. My gaming computer is a ASUS G75-VW and it is a massive beast that some airports want to charge me extra to fly with because it doesn’t fit the dimensions of a carry on :/ The thing is, I didn’t get it to be portable. I got it because going somewhere to game is significantly easier with it, then carrying my desktop and peripherals from location to location. I don’t know many people with gaming laptops that try to use them on the go. Almost everyone I’ve ever met with one of these beasts likes it because they can grab it and bring it to a friends house or LAN party or what not significantly easier than a full desktop setup. But it’s not used the same as a MacBook, the massive power consumption from custom cooling setups, overclocked GPUs and high end processors prevent them from being a true on the go computer (unless you only wanted to be away from an outlet for a few hours tops that is). YaBoyLilMayo No they don’t and shaving off 3mm isn’t gonna make anyone’s life any easier bruh just give up JohnS Actually it turns out that out of all laptops sold, 40% of them are considered ultrabooks. This means out of every 5 customers, 2 willingly gave up features of bulkier laptops in favor of laptops that shaved off some extra volume. Or put another way, over 120 million people would disagree with you enough to pay extra for thinness. Rejkelie For those who commented that you don’t need more than 16GB RAM. I work in R&D and I’m a heavy user of various mathematical modelling systems. One thing they all have in common is a need for memory. For me I wouldn’t have minded if they had to even increase the size of the 15″ MBP to get good enough thermal design to cater for, say, 128GB RAM. I don’t pesonally care about battery life as long is it more than ~4-5 hours to get me between airports. I just fail to see how battery life and “thiness” can be the most important driving forces in a professional targeted laptop, speed , memory and connections should be. Given that the write off time is around 3 years in most companies means that Apple implies that 16GB will be good enough until 2020 … ridiculous. I believe most professionals will wait for next years (or the year after that) spin of the HW which hopefully corrects this. AquaVelva “I don’t pesonally care about battery life as long is it more than ~4-5 hours to get me between airports” Obviously the MBP is not designed for people like you in mind who want to carry around a desktop in a laptop with 4 hours of battery life….and it NEVER WAS. mrgerbik WHY NOT? Felipe Queiroz Drumond What about the swap of memory between SSD and RAM? I’m not sure if MacOS manages the lack of memory like Windows does. If the PCI-e SSD is fast enough, the swap would help to diminish this issue. Anyway, I was really expecting 32GB memory option, specially because a MBP can last years and years and memory is very cheap nowadays. Charles222 Given that nothing I own has over 8GB and it all works perfectly fine, yah. therealjjohnson I hate how you guys have a mythical description of what “professional” is. I keep hearing that they are leaving out the “professionals” etc … yet people are still using these devices to do their work. Still editing movies, documentaries, recording music, photoshopping away etc. Who are the “professionals” that apple is now not focusing on? All I ever hear is some obscure reference of “what if they wanted to do this” scenario. Buy something else if you need something else. jennyzeroo A lot, well SOME, people actually need more than 16 GB of memory to do video editing and such. it’s extreme, BUT … ITS ….. A ….. PRO ……MODEL!!!!! so it SHOULD be an option if some PRO people NEED it. The battery power is the USUAL lame Apple excuse. You would save even MORE power with a limit of 8 GB of memory, but we don’t DO we. Stan I doubt that Apple can give a good explanation for not giving the option for 32GB RAM. Because there is none. The real reason is probably to leave some room for improvement for next year’s “upgrade”. Matt Musser i think the next gen cpu is not ready…so they think putting a fun bar on it will sell it. they need a 32g solution for pro developers and video graphic artists and musicians and people who dont close chrome windows and run multiple big ass monitors. thats me….. i am straining my 16G mb pro constantly so i had to get a mac pro with 24g….now i can work but want portability mike480 I don’t get why Windows computers that use skylake can get away with 32GB of RAM but the MBP can’t. Was so disappointed because I use Parallels to run 2 VM’s and I need the memory. Bacillus Schiller easily avoids the real story, about trade-offs they made because of their Intel partnership and Ive’s design authocracy. Whereas competitors have better, faster and more energy-sensible RAM architectures (yes, adding 1/2″ thickness) making Apple look pale. These guys now mainly live by their platitudes – just as elementary stupid as sad.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Cirrus Logic surges as Wall Street plugs in high-tech earbuds By Noel Randewich ReutersOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, discusses the Apple AirPods during a media event in San Francisco, California, U.S. September 7, 2016. REUTERS/Beck DiefenbachMore By Noel Randewich SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple supplier Cirrus Logic Inc surged 7.5 percent on Friday after its quarterly results beat expectations and Wall Street bet on the future adoption of fancy earbuds with high-end digital technology. Helped as well by increased sales of its components to Apple, shares of the audio chipmaker were on track for its strongest day in a month. So far in 2016 the stock has soared 94 percent, the third best performance among companies in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. Apple Inc's decision to abandon the traditional headphone jack in its recently launched iPhone 7 and power audio through its Lighting charging port opens the way for new kinds of headphones made with chips handling noise cancellation and other advanced features. Apple has added Cirrus technology to the iPhone 7 and uses Cirrus' chips in headphones shipped with the new device. Future headphones from Apple and other companies will likely include more advanced features and potentially more new content from Cirrus. "If any third-party vendor makes a headset to use with the iPhone 7, they are going to need to buy an adapter or piece of silicon from Cirrus," said Canaccord Genuity analyst Matthew Ramsay. Android smartphone manufacturers are gradually switching from mini-USB connectors to new USB-C connectors, making them compatible with digital headphones and further expanding Cirrus' potential market. Basic digital headphones use Cirrus technology that sell for about a dollar, but headphones with high-end active noise cancelling typically use $2.50 worth of its technology, Chief Executive Officer Jason Rhode told analysts on a conference call late on Thursday. He said sales of components for digital headphones could increase more in the future as Cirrus introduces related microphone technology, built into headphones to detect and cancel out background noise. Cirrus' fiscal second-quarter results beat estimates by a wide margin and its third-quarter revenue forecast was higher than estimates. Following Cirrus' report at least six brokerages raised their price targets on the stock. Shares jumped $3.87 to $55.66. (Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 28 AAPL: 113.72 -0.76 Apple reportedly out of the standalone monitor business after discontinuing Thunderbolt Display, introducing LG partnership Jeff Benjamin - 2 weeks ago @JeffBenjam MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If you’re holding out for an Apple-branded 4K or 5K standalone display, you should probably stop waiting. Apple is reportedly out of the standalone display business for good, according to The Verge’s Nilay Patel… During yesterday’s MacBook event, Apple co-signed two new LG displays, and it worked together with the Korean company to make sure that the displays meet the needs of Apple customers and worth well with Macs. The two new LG displays, which will be available later this year, feature Thunderbolt 3 connectivity for an easy one-cable-solution for new MacBook owners. Apple will sell both displays, a 4K model for $699.95 and a 5K model for $1299.95, on its online store. Back in June, Apple officially discontinued its lone company-branded monitor, the Thunderbolt Display, after it had languished for a period of time without a substantial update. Apple’s statement on the discontinuation made it appear as if it may be the last of the Apple-branded display, and this has been seemingly confirmed: “We’re discontinuing the Apple Thunderbolt Display. It will be available through Apple.com, Apple’s retail stores and Apple Authorized Resellers while supplies last. There are a number of great third-party options available for Mac users,” said an Apple spokesperson. Good notes by @jsnell. I can add that Apple told me it's out of standalone display biz. https://t.co/6t1KqQODwD — nilay patel (@reckless) October 28, 2016 Patel notes, in a response to an article by Six Colors’ Jason Snell, that Apple told him that it’s out of the standalone display business. We’ve reached out to Apple for comment, and will provide an update upon response. With all of this said “standalone” could mean that a future Apple-branded display may still be in the cards. Apple, of course, continues to produce iMacs with integrated displays, and there were rumblings about a display with a built-in GPU earlier this summer. A display with a built-in GPU geared towards a future Mac Pro could therefore qualify as not being standalone in nature. Along with yesterday’s launch of the LG UltraFine 4K and 5K displays, there are other options available for those wanting a high resolution display experience to pair with their new MacBook Pros. In fact, the new MacBooks can support multiple 4K and 5K displays simultaneously. Jordan has also provided a great roundup on third-party display options that you may want to consider. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 61 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 14, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 14, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 61 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Apple Watch is a fine running companion By ANICK JESDANUN The Associated Press First Published Oct 28 2016 12:39PM    •    Last Updated Oct 28 2016 06:50 pm This Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, photo shows the Apple Watch Nike Plus on display, in New York. Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, Oct. 28. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) This Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, photo shows the Apple Watch Nike Plus on display, in New York. Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, Oct. 28. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, while Nike is bringing features from its phone app directly to all models of Apple Watch. I've found devices without GPS typically awful at measuring how fast and how far I'm running. And those with GPS typically do little more than measure how fast and how far I'm running. The basics are great for casual runners, but anyone who becomes a serious runner needs much more. VIDEOS TOP JOBS I've logged more than 400 miles over the past six weeks with the GPS edition of Apple Watch, known as Series 2. I've also run 34 miles with the Nike Plus version over the past few days; it's essentially a Series 2 watch with a custom wristband and watch face. With both, Apple addressed many of the shortcomings in the original watch, GPS being just one of them. I'm not ready to ditch my Garmin running watch yet, but the Apple Watch comes close to meeting all my needs. ——— THE IMPORTANCE OF GPS The original watch does a fine job of latching onto your phone's GPS if you're running with the phone, but with built-in GPS, you can leave the phone behind. Accuracy is on par with other good GPS watches, which is to say, measurements are sometimes off, especially when tall buildings block GPS signals. The watch automatically calibrates to my running style, so it's better than non-GPS devices even when there's no GPS. Though GPS drains the battery more quickly, the watch still had about an hour of non-GPS use left after a marathon run of about four hours, 40 minutes. For normal use, Apple says you should get up to 90 minutes a day of GPS workouts; I've often gone longer without the watch dying before bedtime. It helps that I've disabled the heart-rate sensor during workouts. While Series 2 is meant for stand-alone running, many people carry phones anyway. With it, I get slightly better accuracy and battery life. ——— IMPROVEMENTS FOR ALL Series 2 watches start at $369, though it's $30 more for a larger screen — the optimal size for larger wrists. Non-GPS models, now called Series 1, are $100 less. All models get software updates that address two gripes with the original: — Apple's Workout app now records your route, something other GPS fitness devices and apps have long done. The Apple app didn't use to, even with access to the phone's GPS. — You can double tap the screen to record splits, or manual snapshots of how long it takes to run a stretch. Before, that was limited to mile or kilometer intervals, which didn't help when you were running laps or loops that weren't precisely that length. ——— NIKE EXTRAS Nike's app offers a lot to like, including big yellow numerals for easy reading during runs and voice updates every mile and halfway toward your goal. Nike keeps things simple for beginners by displaying just distance and time; turn on advanced mode for current pace and heart rate. My gripes: no manual splits, and average pace appears only when pausing or through the voice updates. Nike excels in trying to motivate you even when you're not running. It will keep asking "Are we running today?" by reminding you the weather is nice or that a friend (with a watch or just the phone app) is just ahead of you for the month's total. A scheduling feature shows you weather forecasts in half-hour increments. After making a selection, you get a notification when it's time to run. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Utah football: Oregon is struggling, but Utes still see a dangerous team (with video) Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances Jazz update: Hood, Hill, Favors, Diaw questionable vs. Memphis ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 2 0 0 Go Register Log In Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Corsair Neutron XTi 480GB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Micron 9100 MAX 2.4TB NVMe Enterprise SSD Review – The New Performance Champion Toshiba OCZ RD400 M.2 NVMe SSD Review Kingston UV400 480GB SSD review – A budget drive Home News Microsoft’s marketing to fully focus on Apple the coming year Posted 28 October 2016 19:16 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Confidential Microsoft marketing slides show that the company will focus on convincing consumers that Windows 10 PCs are better than Apple computers. The primary message: “New Windows PCs DO what Macs (& your old PCs) don’t”. The slides clearly show that Microsoft wants to make the PC market grow. The company hopes to do so by making PCs safer and more secure, more productive, more personal and by releasing modern devices. We can also make up from the slides that Microsoft’s marketing has decided to focus on different audiences in each quarter of this year. In the current quarter (Q4 2016) the focus audience is “Apple at Risk & Gamers”. This is inline with the Surface Studio released earlier this week. After the release, an increasing number of tech journalists and industry insiders called Microsoft the new Apple. Microsoft also outlines some strategies for some important times during the year in the slides. During last Back to School campaign the Redmond software allegedly focussed on the performance of Windows 10 PCs vs Apple products in the same price tier. In the upcoming Holiday Season we should see Microsoft promoting 2 in 1 PCs with the Surface Pen and Office while during New Year the focus will be on Windows Hello, Microsoft’s authentication platform and security. During the Dads and Grads season the focus will be on gaming and game PCs but also on Cortana. Microsoft’s main method of competing with Apple will be so-called ‘hero devices’. These devices should have ‘cool designs’. These could be devices that are ultra-slim, have a borderless display and high resolution screens. There will be 4 devices that Microsoft will globally market as ‘hero device’ to compete with Apple, while local Microsoft branches also can select the hero devices they think is suitable for their region. It appears that Microsoft is awake and ready to take the market again. Apple will have to innovate if they want to compete with Microsoft, they will likely no longer be able to just benefit from being a ‘premium brand’. With its Surface products Microsoft tries to show OEMs how it’s done and the company has to hope the OEMs will follow their example.   Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: microsoft windows 10 Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive ‘Microsoft’s Surface Phone will be targeted at business users and won’t be released this year’ ‘Microsoft to release own Surface Phone next year’ alan1476 Administrator, Software Editor and Head of Promotions Posted on: 28 Oct 16 19:00 I had a Surface Pro 3 that I loved but it was stolen in the hospital when I had my heart operation. I loved it. 0 Agree coolcolors MyCE Resident Posted on: 28 Oct 16 23:23 Quote: Originally Posted by alan1476 I had a Surface Pro 3 that I loved but it was stolen in the hospital when I had my heart operation. I loved it. Not good either way but Surface is like a sub that got sank.... 0 Agree TSJnachos117 MyCE Resident Posted on: 29 Oct 16 02:47 Microsoft is following the same trends as everyone else, while trying to pretend they are doing something new and original. If it looks like stupidity, sounds like stupidity, and acts like stupidity, it probably is. Here's my opinion, in sarcasm form: [sarcasm] Oh boy, they're trying to make higher resolutions! I wish others would do that! Oh boy, fast devices! I wish others would do that! Oh boy, they're making "modern devices"! Gee, how original is that?! [/sarcasm] 0 Agree coolcolors MyCE Resident Posted on: 29 Oct 16 16:31 Quote: The primary message: “New Windows PCs DO what Macs (& your old PCs) don’t”. The market share has born this out - what they should to is innovate and make a better O/S not W8 and W10 debacle. Have it where when you install it can look like W7 or W10 or W10 w/o Tiles. How hard is it for them to do that --- not very hard but they make it harder then it would be. Quote: We can also make up from the slides that Microsoft’s marketing has decided to focus on different audiences in each quarter of this year. This plan will not work. They need to focus "Focus" on improving and listening for once to Testers on what needs to really be fixed on Windows 10 and keep improving Microsoft Office. These two are the bread and butter how can they not get their heads out between their legs??? They don't need to focus on different audiences make a Product that work and they will come - that's how you win the market shares. Not listening and ram roding W10 down users throat is two big fail to start with. Also listening to the Testers that tested and used Win10 would've gurantee them an ever bigger market share but oh no they called those Testers "Dumb" and have no idea what they are talking about. This really doesn't help their effort to get W10 accepted. And just look at market shares W7 still is the TOP DOG even after W8 was to replace it? That in itself should tell the CEO what made W7 better and why can't we not do in W10 as we did in W7? Guess he is also keeping his head between his legs and where the shine don't shine either. That how you drive your company to the ground. But you know they said they are "Smarter" then the rest of US-I am like really then why isn't W10 in the 50% range yet? W7 got accepted quickly withing the year it was released once users tried it-that is how you know something "Excellent" W7 was. Maybe now we have to wait for Windows 2020 to bring back the W7 Experience. 0 Agree Xercus Moderator Posted on: 29 Oct 16 21:22 coolcolors, I think I second an earlier poster, you complain too much Where would I be, even with my current personal troubles, if I didn't choose to see the challenge rather than the problem? Nowhere! That some companies choose not to listen is their problem, my challenge and it drives me forward, to work around and become better. If I had three months left to live, should I sit down and mourn my life too short or should I make the most of whatever is left of it? Me thinks the latter and so draw your sword, choose the challenge and not the problem. There are enough dogs barking up the tree 0 Agree alan1476 Administrator, Software Editor and Head of Promotions Posted on: 29 Oct 16 21:42 Quote: Originally Posted by Xercus coolcolors, I think I second an earlier poster, you complain too much Where would I be, even with my current personal troubles, if I didn't choose to see the challenge rather than the problem? Nowhere! That some companies choose not to listen is their problem, my challenge and it drives me forward, to work around and become better. If I had three months left to live, should I sit down and mourn my life too short or should I make the most of whatever is left of it? Me thinks the latter and so draw your sword, choose the challenge and not the problem. There are enough dogs barking up the tree Amen. 0 Agree Zod MyCE Resident Posted on: 30 Oct 16 15:16 I was under the impression that the only reason Mac's are more secure is they are a much smaller piece of the PC market.   IE way more PC's are windows based, and thus a much bigger target. I think Mac's are probably the smallest issue when it comes to declining PC Sales.   PC Technology has somewhat plateau'd.  If you're not gaming or video editing, PCs/Laptops don't need to be upgraded nearly as often.   Lots of people (especially the technically challenged) have moved to tablets/phones only. I think Microsoft has a problem.   One they don't get the issues above.  2nd they keep slightly missing the mark on their OS's because they don't build them for the core audience that still uses them.   Win10 isn't a bad OS, but they introduced stuff that logs your activity and try to force their store on you.   All things that could be easily fixed and make the OS more attractive. 0 Agree coolcolors MyCE Resident Posted on: 30 Oct 16 15:35 Whatever the case focusing on Apple isn't going to get them more market from Apple. If they want to strengthen their O/S Listening is a start. Going after Apple when iOS isn't Windows O/S is a dead end run. Apple has a niche market and Windows hates Apple because they got the iPhone and Windows has no wPhone. They are trying to hard to push their Windows Store they forgot what made people want to have Windows. That's the strategy they should get back to basic that everyone wanted to be like Windows and Office. Rants for all their wants are legit because if they wanted a accepted product they were thinking inside the Apple Box and not outside of the Windows window to make the product more better and accepted. That isn't a hard strategy to do and make happen. 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads AVS to DVD aborts near end of project.rim rim, last post: gonca 22 Win7 or Win10gonca, last post: Albert 8 Advise on power supply (and maybe more) requiredgonca, last post: gonca 10 Microsoft: Windows 10 PCs 58% less likely to encounter ransomware than Windows 7 PCsDoMiN8ToR, last post: coolcolors 6 Lite-On iHAS122-Fjadburner, last post: jadburner 4 You've got to read this! Kaspersky Lab files complaint against Microsoft for giving unfair advantage to Windows Defender Thu 10 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Russian antivirus vendor Kaspersky Lab has asked antitrust regulators in various coun... ExpressVPN: is its claim of being the fastest VPN on earth correct? Fri 11 Nov 05:11 by DoMiN8ToR In this review we're going to look at the service provided by VPN provider ExpressVPN... New Google Safe Browsing website allows users to report phising sites and malware Fri 11 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google has launched a new Safe Browsing website where users can easily report phishing sit... Google gets tough on websites that repeatedly contain malcious content Wed 9 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google will start to mark websites that repeatedly contain harmful content, the search gia... Intel to follow up low cost 600p NVMe SSD series with 610p series in 2017 Tue 8 Nov 08:11 by DoMiN8ToR Intel is planning to launch a successor to its low cost 600p series PCIe SSDs, the 610p. T... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... I just after watching a TV programme on cyber security that mentioned just... ? And do frequent backups of your documents to storage not normally... I'm sure Windows 10 would have 90% fewer if it blocked script file... And don't we all place so much reliance on Microsoft's word about security. Well, it would largely depend and I know people on XP more secure than the... Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... What's going on? gonca added a forum post to AVS to DVD aborts near end of project. gonca started new forum thread New build--some opinions and suggestions wanted coolcolors added a forum post to Microsoft: Windows 10 PCs 58% less likely to encounter ransomware than Windows 7 PCs beef barley added a forum post to RIP Leonard Cohen gonca added a forum post to Advise on power supply (and maybe more) required Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
null
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 10 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Microsoft/Windows / New Models Renew Mac vs PC Debate Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Mac vs PC Debate Reignited as New Models Revealed By Jef Cozza / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: OCTOBER 28 2016 Mac or PC? For people who came of age with computers in the nineties, there was no argument more compelling. To the minds of young techies, the choice represented two fundamentally different world views. In the past, Mac users have said that PCs are insufficient for design work and slow, while Windows users have claimed that Macs are not practical computers. But as design styles converged over the last several decades, much of the heat from that debate has died away. Microsoft's Windows operating system evolved away from a graphic shell running over DOS and adopted many of the interface elements that made the Mac OS so appealing. Manufacturers developed stylish form factors for their high-end laptop models designed to compete on look and feel, areas that had typically been the strengths of the Mac. The differences between the two have narrowed considerably to the point where much of the debate centers on the needs of specific users. Need to run a lot of third-party enterprise software? Go with a PC. Doing design work? Stick with a Mac. But with the launch of new devices by Microsoft and Apple this week, the relationship between the two may have just changed forever. The new Surface Studio (pictured, front) makes a strong case that Microsoft has stolen the hardware design mantle away from Apple. While Apple announced a trio of new MacBook Pro (pictured, back) models, the latest design innovations of which seem incremental, at best, compared to the Surface Studio. Mediocre MacBooks? That is not to say that the new MacBooks are inferior machines, by any measure. From the promotional material available, it appears that Apple has continued to focus on producing well-designed user experiences in a sturdy but highly portable chassis. But after lying essentially fallow for four years, the improvements Apple is touting seem underwhelming. Each of the two high-end MacBook Pro models features a customizable touch-enabled interface that sits above the keyboard. The speakers are supposed to be louder. The process is better. Each can be charged through any of its four USB hubs. But the essential design remains unchanged. Compared to some of the design innovations in the laptop market in the past few years, the new MacBooks still don’t have touchscreens, and are unable to switch between tablet and laptop modes the way many PC products now do. The Drafting Table of Your Dreams And when comparing the new MacBooks to the Surface Studio, it really starts to look like Microsoft has stolen a march on Apple. The Surface Studio seems to most resembles Apple’s desktop version of the Mac, with the same svelte and sexy shape. But the new desktop is making a serious play to be the device of choice among creative professionals with its ability to transition into an enormous, touch-enabled, flat surface device that resembles an artist’s drafting table. The new desktop can be paired with a stylus and a new, hockey puck-shaped input device that can be used either as a standalone input or placed directly on the touchscreen to become a customizable dial. With the latest generation of computers introduced this week, Microsoft appears to be making a play to be the more innovative company while Apple seems to be playing it safe. Read more on: Apple, Microsoft, Mac, MacBook, PCs, Laptops, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B 2. TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe 3. Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record 4. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 5. Volvo CEO Hoping To Drive Success MAY INTEREST YOU ISACA® is dedicated to keeping you informed and helping advance your career. We provide access to key information resources, globally recognized certifications, expert peer network, timely industry research, and premier conferences and events. Sample a six month membership for half the cost today! MORE IN MICROSOFT/WINDOWS 1. MS Cybersecurity Is Anti-Competitive 2. Trump Impact on MS Global Reach 3. Ballmer Reflects on Phones, Gates 4. Windows Unified Update Debuts 5. Microsoft Teams Takes on Slack Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Should You Buy the New MacBook Pro? Men's Journal TechOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share With the PC market deflating like a balloon, no one breathes more hot air back into the mix than Apple. And they delivered on Thursday, announcing a new line of MacBook Pro computers. With an updated design, a simplified port arrangement, a Force Touch trackpad with slicker keyboard, and a slim, interactive Touch Bar, there was plenty of new stuff to be had. But they’re a pretty penny, and there are plenty of laptops that offer similar “new” features out there if you’re one of the few looking for an upgrade. Let’s break down the new computers, upgrade by upgrade. RELATED: We Got Our Hands on the New MacBook Pro A Thinner, Lighter Design If Apple machines excel anywhere, it’s in the design. The new MacBook Pros come in either 13- or 15-inch sizes (that’s screen size), and are thinner and lighter than their past iterations. (It’s hard to imagine Apple highlighting anything that’s added some weight in the past year.) To be precise, the new 13-incher is 14.9 mm thick and the 15-incher is 15.5 mm thick, compared to the previous fat 18 mm. Both drop about half a pound from the old versions. A Sexier Keyboard and Trackpad The keyboard on the new MacBook Pros is the same as that on the 12-inch MacBook. It has flat keys and uses Apple’s butterfly key mechanism, meaning you don't have to press too far down on a key for it to register. This might bother some people, as many may find that they’ll be typing a lot slower as they get used to it. Gamers, in particular, would look at the keyboard and laugh. But then again, no one’s ever really used a Mac to game. The trackpad is also borrowed from the MacBook — a large area with Force Touch, which can be used to do more than pinch-and-zoom, but “force touch” to display more information, as with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7. That “Touch Bar” The most visibly prominent change to the new MacBook Pros is the Touch Bar, which is an OLED strip that has replaced the function keys at the top of the keyboard. It’s very neat. It can display functioning function keys, but it can also do much more. Namely, there’s now a space for Touch ID, so you can log in to your computer and buy things online with your fingerprint. (In fairness, Microsoft’s Surface line and several other PCs have had fingerprint functionality for a while.) The Touch Bar can also adapt to whatever software you’re using, and this is where it goes from “neat” to a little silly: You have quick-type options in email. In Photos, you can swipe through a photo album with previews of your photos on the bar. These short, contextual interactions make a sort of sense, like just another key you have to press on a keyboard. But then you have all the swiping and sliding. In Photoshop, you can adjust color by sliding. In the DJ pro app you can add bumps and bursts and fuzz and feedback with a touch, and slide your finger to amplify it. It’s interesting, but imagine doing all those complex, often delicate interactions with a thin strip of land at the top of your keyboard using only your finger. It begs the question: Why didn’t Apple make it a touchscreen laptop? Touchscreen laptops are fairly standard in the industry now. Dell’s excellent XPS 13, the Microsoft Surface Book and Surface Pro tablets, the HP Spectre x360 — they all have touchscreens. Touchscreens let you do touch gestures with a bigger window than a thin strip, and really let you interact more with whatever you’re making. It seems Apple leads the way in meaningful design upgrades, but skimps on the stuff many people would find useful and could compete for a Microsoft lover’s affections. Read More More Thunderbolt 3 Ports Means More Dongles You can’t deny the utility of USB-C with Thunderbolt 3 ports. They transfer data incredibly fast, and charge a machine in no time at all. But have four of them on one MacBook Pro and zero USB-A ports for any peripherals will lead to lots of headaches — new users will need to buy adapters and dongles for everything they already have that they’d want to plug in, such as a spare mouse. (This is the same complaint you saw when Apple released its single USB-C ported MacBook.) The USB-C standard is certainly the future for peripherals, but Big Dongle had its best Thursday yet. Apple might be intending to give the industry a little push in an inevitable USB-C direction, but for right now, they made a laptop for 2020 in 2016. There’s still a headphone jack on it, though, for what it’s worth. Internals Remain (Mostly) Unchanged One of the things that’s striking about the new MacBook Pro is how it's similar to the old model. The keyboard, Touch Bar, and build are solid design upgrades, but the last time the MacBook Pro had a revamp was four years ago. You’d expect a little more work to be done on the guts. Yes, there’s a new fan system and boomier speakers (welcome updates, both), but they kept the screen resolution the same, just making it brighter. The internal processors are Skylake-era Intel Core i5 and iCore i7 chips, and those chips have been out for over a year and are somewhat old hat. Plus, you still have an integrated graphics card, so you can’t ramp up your MacBook’s graphics capabilities. Memory is basically the same, coming in at 8GB or 16GB of RAM to run your apps. The only thing that seems to have been meaningfully upgraded is the internal storage, with 256GB onboard storage on an entry-level model, going up to 2TB. So should you buy one? Well, that depends. The entry-level price for a 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar is $1,499; the Touch Bar will add an extra $300. The starting price for a 15-inch MacBook Pro, Touch Bar included, is $2,399. That’s not petty cash. In fact, it’s about $400 more than the entry-level MacBook Air, which Apple has, as of now, stopped selling. If you don’t mind using Windows, you can get a touchscreen Surface Book for about the same price at entry level, and an HP Spectre x360 for way less — about $900. If you have a MacBook that can run Apple’s latest MacOS competently, you can probably afford to wait another year or two for a drop in price or a more substantial upgrade. But for those who absolutely must have the latest Apple product that’s thrown into the market, the new MacBook Pro certainly won’t disappoint you — it’s a powerful, slim machine with a few excellent upgrades and a few truly neat gimmicks. Just be prepared to shell out a lot of dough. And then be prepared to shell out more dough for the army of accessories.  Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 28 AAPL: 113.72 -0.76 IDC survey says half of exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 users switching to iPhone following recall Jordan Kahn - 2 weeks ago @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In a new report from IDC aiming to determine the impact of Samsung’s recall of its defective Galaxy Note 7, a survey shows around half of those affected plan to switch to an iPhone. Half of the 24 Note 7 owners polled said they have or will choose an Apple iPhone to replace their recalled phone, while 17% said they would choose another Samsung. Most said they will return their phone through a carrier’s physical store. While the report from IDC concludes that Apple is at least in some way benefiting from the exploding recalled device, Apple said during its recent Q4 earnings call that it currently wasn’t a factor as it’s already shipping as many phones as it can make. The company did, however, once again mention a record number of Android switchers during Q4, which paints a different picture for a possible long-term benefit from the Note 7 recall. IDC surveyed 1,082 U.S. consumers through an online survey on October 17th and 18th, four days after Samsung decided to halt production on the Note 7. The survey focused on three groups of consumers: current Samsung smartphone owners (507), past Samsung smartphone owners (347), and smartphone owners who have never owned the Samsung brand (228). Due to the limited installed base, just 24 Note 7 users were captured in the survey; as such, data in those questions should be viewed as directional only. Apple reported sales of 45.5 million iPhones during the quarter, down from 48 million iPhones in same quarter a year ago. When asked if the iPhone supply would catch up with demand by the end of the year, CEO Tim Cook confirmed that the iPhone 7 Plus model would but not the iPhone 7 should. At least one report following the Note 7 recall pointed to evidence that the defects with the device causing explosions and fires were a result of Samsung’s rush to market to beat iPhone 7. A previous estimate from analysts at KGI predicted Apple could benefit from around 5-7 million users switching to iPhone 7 following the Note 7 recall. That number lines up with the survey from IDC today, with the 5-7 million switchers representing around half of the approximately 12 million Note 7 orders. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple double downs on running with Nike-edition smartwatch By Associated Press Published: 00:01 EST, 29 October 2016 | Updated: 00:01 EST, 29 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, while Nike is bringing features from its phone app directly to all models of Apple Watch. I've found devices without GPS typically awful at measuring how fast and how far I'm running. And those with GPS typically do little more than measure how fast and how far I'm running. The basics are great for casual runners, but anyone who becomes a serious runner needs much more. This Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, photo shows the Apple Watch Nike Plus on display, in New York. Apple isn't the first to add GPS functionality to a smartwatch, but it's the first to make something that feels like a running watch. And the company is doubling down on that with a Nike edition out Friday, Oct. 28. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) I've logged more than 400 miles over the past six weeks with the GPS edition of Apple Watch, known as Series 2. I've also run 34 miles with the Nike Plus version over the past few days; it's essentially a Series 2 watch with a custom wristband and watch face. With both, Apple addressed many of the shortcomings in the original watch, GPS being just one of them. I'm not ready to ditch my Garmin running watch yet, but the Apple Watch comes close to meeting all my needs. ___ THE IMPORTANCE OF GPS The original watch does a fine job of latching onto your phone's GPS if you're running with the phone, but with built-in GPS, you can leave the phone behind. Accuracy is on par with other good GPS watches, which is to say, measurements are sometimes off, especially when tall buildings block GPS signals. The watch automatically calibrates to my running style, so it's better than non-GPS devices even when there's no GPS. Though GPS drains the battery more quickly, the watch still had about an hour of non-GPS use left after a marathon run of about four hours, 40 minutes. For normal use, Apple says you should get up to 90 minutes a day of GPS workouts; I've often gone longer without the watch dying before bedtime. It helps that I've disabled the heart-rate sensor during workouts. While Series 2 is meant for stand-alone running, many people carry phones anyway. With it, I get slightly better accuracy and battery life. ___ IMPROVEMENTS FOR ALL Series 2 watches start at $369, though it's $30 more for a larger screen — the optimal size for larger wrists. Non-GPS models, now called Series 1, are $100 less. All models get software updates that address two gripes with the original: — Apple's Workout app now records your route, something other GPS fitness devices and apps have long done. The Apple app didn't use to, even with access to the phone's GPS. — You can double tap the screen to record splits, or manual snapshots of how long it takes to run a stretch. Before, that was limited to mile or kilometer intervals, which didn't help when you were running laps or loops that weren't precisely that length. ___ NIKE EXTRAS Nike's app offers a lot to like, including big yellow numerals for easy reading during runs and voice updates every mile and halfway toward your goal. Nike keeps things simple for beginners by displaying just distance and time; turn on advanced mode for current pace and heart rate. My gripes: no manual splits, and average pace appears only when pausing or through the voice updates. Nike excels in trying to motivate you even when you're not running. It will keep asking "Are we running today?" by reminding you the weather is nice or that a friend (with a watch or just the phone app) is just ahead of you for the month's total. A scheduling feature shows you weather forecasts in half-hour increments. After making a selection, you get a notification when it's time to run. Though the app is available for all models, the Nike watch also has a colorful wristband sporting holes to help sweat dry. It offers custom watch faces with one-touch access to the app, plus a reminder of your next scheduled run. Most people will be fine with just the free app, but running enthusiasts can get the Nike version for the same price. ___ BEYOND RUNNING Cyclists get similar speed and distance information, though the watch doesn't measure how fast you're pedaling, something hard-core cyclists might want. You can swim with Series 2, even with chlorinated or salt water, something most water-resistant gadgets don't allow. The watch measures distance indoors by counting laps, though you need a pool large enough for at least five strokes per lap. ___ WHAT'S STILL MISSING Recording splits during runs is great, but I also want to know my average pace and time since the last split, rather than the beginning of the run. I find it useful when I want to go faster in the middle of a run before a gentle cooldown. And while Apple Watch syncs workout data with the phone's Activity app, many long-time runners already have their favorite online repository, whether that's Nike, Strava or Garmin. The ability to move data around is limited. While Nike offers an Apple Watch app, it'll take time for others to catch up. Strava's still requires running with a phone, while Garmin doesn't have one at all. For these reasons, I'm sticking with my Garmin Forerunner 220. And while it's a minor annoyance, both Apple's and Nike's app do a three-second countdown before workouts. I just want to run when I hit "start." (At least with Nike's, you can disable the countdown deep in the phone settings.) ___ DO YOU NEED APPLE WATCH? Because this review is focused on runners' needs, I haven't gotten into all the other features, such as maps, weather and shopping. Running watches and general-purpose fitness trackers such as Fitbit don't offer as much. The ability to reply to messages by voice came in handy when coordinating with friends waiting at the finish line, for instance. But if you don't need the "smarts," a decent GPS fitness device is more than $100 cheaper. ___ The story has been corrected to show that Nike challenge is based on month's total, and not by week. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
On The Cover Sign In Subscribe Men's Journal Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Nat'l Day of Adventure Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Editor's Picks Who Will Lead Trump's Environmental Protection Agency? The Current Picks The 5 Biggest Myths About Your Metabolism 6 Ways to Hack Your Metabolism How Ang Lee Used New Technology to Capture the Urgency of War in 'Billy Lynn' Could It Be Even Easier to Visit Cuba Under Trump? Trump Versus the Planet: The Transition Team's Environmental Agenda Does Your Metabolism Need an Overhaul? Bikers Stop to Help Stranded Fellow Biker Who Turns Out to be Bruce Springsteen Laptops Should You Buy the New MacBook Pro? By  Ben Radding With the PC market deflating like a balloon, no one breathes more hot air back into the mix than Apple. And they delivered on Thursday, announcing a new line of MacBook Pro computers. With an updated design, a simplified port arrangement, a Force Touch trackpad with slicker keyboard, and a slim, interactive Touch Bar, there was plenty of new stuff to be had. But they’re a pretty penny, and there are plenty of laptops that offer similar “new” features out there if you’re one of the few looking for an upgrade. Let’s break down the new computers, upgrade by upgrade. RELATED: We Got Our Hands on the New MacBook Pro A Thinner, Lighter Design If Apple machines excel anywhere, it’s in the design. The new MacBook Pros come in either 13- or 15-inch sizes (that’s screen size), and are thinner and lighter than their past iterations. (It’s hard to imagine Apple highlighting anything that’s added some weight in the past year.) To be precise, the new 13-incher is 14.9 mm thick and the 15-incher is 15.5 mm thick, compared to the previous fat 18 mm. Both drop about half a pound from the old versions. A Sexier Keyboard and Trackpad The keyboard on the new MacBook Pros is the same as that on the 12-inch MacBook. It has flat keys and uses Apple’s butterfly key mechanism, meaning you don't have to press too far down on a key for it to register. This might bother some people, as many may find that they’ll be typing a lot slower as they get used to it. Gamers, in particular, would look at the keyboard and laugh. But then again, no one’s ever really used a Mac to game. The trackpad is also borrowed from the MacBook — a large area with Force Touch, which can be used to do more than pinch-and-zoom, but “force touch” to display more information, as with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7. That “Touch Bar” The most visibly prominent change to the new MacBook Pros is the Touch Bar, which is an OLED strip that has replaced the function keys at the top of the keyboard. It’s very neat. It can display functioning function keys, but it can also do much more. Namely, there’s now a space for Touch ID, so you can log in to your computer and buy things online with your fingerprint. (In fairness, Microsoft’s Surface line and several other PCs have had fingerprint functionality for a while.) The Touch Bar can also adapt to whatever software you’re using, and this is where it goes from “neat” to a little silly: You have quick-type options in email. In Photos, you can swipe through a photo album with previews of your photos on the bar. These short, contextual interactions make a sort of sense, like just another key you have to press on a keyboard. But then you have all the swiping and sliding. In Photoshop, you can adjust color by sliding. In the DJ pro app you can add bumps and bursts and fuzz and feedback with a touch, and slide your finger to amplify it. It’s interesting, but imagine doing all those complex, often delicate interactions with a thin strip of land at the top of your keyboard using only your finger. It begs the question: Why didn’t Apple make it a touchscreen laptop? Touchscreen laptops are fairly standard in the industry now. Dell’s excellent XPS 13, the Microsoft Surface Book and Surface Pro tablets, the HP Spectre x360 — they all have touchscreens. Touchscreens let you do touch gestures with a bigger window than a thin strip, and really let you interact more with whatever you’re making. It seems Apple leads the way in meaningful design upgrades, but skimps on the stuff many people would find useful and could compete for a Microsoft lover’s affections. More Thunderbolt 3 Ports Means More Dongles You can’t deny the utility of USB-C with Thunderbolt 3 ports. They transfer data incredibly fast, and charge a machine in no time at all. But have four of them on one MacBook Pro and zero USB-A ports for any peripherals will lead to lots of headaches — new users will need to buy adapters and dongles for everything they already have that they’d want to plug in, such as a spare mouse. (This is the same complaint you saw when Apple released its single USB-C ported MacBook.) The USB-C standard is certainly the future for peripherals, but Big Dongle had its best Thursday yet. Apple might be intending to give the industry a little push in an inevitable USB-C direction, but for right now, they made a laptop for 2020 in 2016. There’s still a headphone jack on it, though, for what it’s worth. Internals Remain (Mostly) Unchanged One of the things that’s striking about the new MacBook Pro is how it's similar to the old model. The keyboard, Touch Bar, and build are solid design upgrades, but the last time the MacBook Pro had a revamp was four years ago. You’d expect a little more work to be done on the guts. Yes, there’s a new fan system and boomier speakers (welcome updates, both), but they kept the screen resolution the same, just making it brighter. The internal processors are Skylake-era Intel Core i5 and iCore i7 chips, and those chips have been out for over a year and are somewhat old hat. Plus, you still have an integrated graphics card, so you can’t ramp up your MacBook’s graphics capabilities. Memory is basically the same, coming in at 8GB or 16GB of RAM to run your apps. The only thing that seems to have been meaningfully upgraded is the internal storage, with 256GB onboard storage on an entry-level model, going up to 2TB. So should you buy one? Well, that depends. The entry-level price for a 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar is $1,499; the Touch Bar will add an extra $300. The starting price for a 15-inch MacBook Pro, Touch Bar included, is $2,399. That’s not petty cash. In fact, it’s about $400 more than the entry-level MacBook Air, which Apple has, as of now, stopped selling. If you don’t mind using Windows, you can get a touchscreen Surface Book for about the same price at entry level, and an HP Spectre x360 for way less — about $900. If you have a MacBook that can run Apple’s latest MacOS competently, you can probably afford to wait another year or two for a drop in price or a more substantial upgrade. But for those who absolutely must have the latest Apple product that’s thrown into the market, the new MacBook Pro certainly won’t disappoint you — it’s a powerful, slim machine with a few excellent upgrades and a few truly neat gimmicks. Just be prepared to shell out a lot of dough. And then be prepared to shell out more dough for the army of accessories.  Add a Comment Sign Up for the Men's Journal Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. Men's Journal delivers it all so you can savor the journey— as much as the destination Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Men's Journal 2016 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap Don't have an Men's Journal account? Sign up here. Sign In Register here for Men's Journal. Already a member? Click here. Login With Facebook! Login With Google+! - or - Create An Account Here! Register
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Apple Stock Could Skyrocket Next Year The tech titan is well positioned to start growing again next year, and this could be a powerful return driver for the stock. Andrés Cardenal (TMFacardenal) Oct 28, 2016 at 12:57PM Image source: Motley Fool. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 on Tuesday, and the company delivered its first annual decline in sales over the last 15 years. However, there are strong reasons to believe that Apple will start growing again in 2017, and this could be a powerful driver for the stock. Is the tide turning? Apple operates in the high-end segment of the pricing spectrum, and it's not easy for the company to gain market share against lower-priced competitors. Since market penetration levels are already quite high in the company's main segment, renewal sales are crucial for Apple when it comes to generating sales growth. Based on calculations from Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri, over the coming quarters 43% of iPhone customers will own a device that is older than two years, and this could materially accelerate renewal sales in 2017. Most customers don't upgrade their iPhones every year, as those devices are generally considered to be "good enough" and still relatively new. But upgrades are typically much more common once the devices are over two years old. Based on data from BMO Capital Markets, 82% of iPhone upgraders in each cycle have phones that are two years old or more. This estimate is supported by data from Gallup, saying that many iPhone customers tend to upgrade their devices every two years. According to a 2015 survey, only 2% of iPhone users upgrade their smartphone every year, while 51% of users renew their devices as soon as the cellphone provider allows it, generally every two years. The remaining 47% of respondents in the survey said that they only upgrade their devices when they stop working or become completely obsolete. The iPhone 6 was a spectacular success for Apple in fiscal 2015. The company sold over 231 million devices that year, a staggering increase of 37% versus fiscal year 2014. Big sales in 2015 are a headwind for Apple in 2016, as most customers own a relatively new device. In the recently completed fiscal year, Apple sold 212 million units, down by 8% versus fiscal 2015, but still up 25% from fiscal 2014. CEO Tim Cook said in the most recent earnings conference call that management is "thrilled" with the customer response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and demand for these devices is outstripping supply. It's hard to tell precisely what this means in terms of unit sales, but it's good to know that management is seeing encouraging demand for the company's main product. The iPhone may benefit from easier annual comparisons in 2017, and the product generated nearly 60% of Apple's total revenue last quarter. The company's second-largest segment is services, which produced 13% of revenue during the period, with sales growing 24% year over year. The services division will most probably have a sizable impact on total revenue growth in the coming quarters, so Apple's two biggest segments look quite strong going forward.  What this means for investors in Apple Apple management is expecting revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 to be between $76 billion and $78 billion. This would represent a year-over-year increase of 1% at the midpoint of the range. The figure would also be a return to growth, since Apple has delivered declining top-line figures since the second quarter of fiscal 2016. For the full-year 2017, Wall Street analysts are expecting $229 billion in sales from Apple, an increase of 6% over 2016.  Apple quarterly revenue in thousands of dollars. Chart by author. Data source: SEC filings. Even if the company is growing at a modest rate, an expanding business is clearly much better than a company facing declining revenue. When sales are moving in the wrong direction, investors typically wonder if this is just a temporary problem or the business is in permanent decline. After all, many companies in the consumer technology space have gone from market leaders to big losers due to increasing competition or changing consumer demand over time. Apple is a gargantuan business, and it can be quite a challenge for a company of that size to find new growth opportunities which are big enough to move the needle in terms of company-level financial performance. On the other hand, if Apple starts growing again, this would materially alleviate concerns about its fundamental soundness, which could generate big returns for investors in Apple stock over the coming quarters. Andrés Cardenal owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrés Cardenal (TMFacardenal) Andres Cardenal, CFA is a tenacious researcher of the best investment opportunities around the world. Andres is an economist and CFA Charterholder living in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Naturally flavored. Follow me on Twitter for more investment ideas: Follow @andrescardenal Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 12:57PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Skip to Main Content Techlicious - tech made simple Choose It Use It Deals Home Browse Topics Latest News Techlicious Top Picks Reviews How-Tos Deals Tech Made Simple Hot Topics: How to Fix Bluetooth Problems | How to Cut the Cable Cord | Best Fitness Trackers Under $50 | Complete Guide to Facebook Privacy Top News Stories Apple's TV App Brings Streaming Apps Together by Elizabeth Harper on October 28, 2016 in Music & Video Services, News, Music and Video, Blog :: 0 comments The big problem with streaming video to your TV is that your viewing is spread across dozens of different apps and sites. You can only watch Game of Thrones on HBO, Big Bang Theory on CBS and live sports (typically) through your cable subscription, leaving you with the frustration of finding your favorite content. Apple is solving this with a new app for Apple TV, called simply "TV." The TV app will offer a one-stop location for all of your streaming apps, consolidating content from streaming services and your cable provider in one place. So instead of opening HBO Now to watch Game of Thrones, you can simply open TV, which will know which episode you're on and fire up HBO Now so you can watch it. In TV, you'll be able to see what you've been watching across multiple apps and pick up where you left off. You'll also get recommended content from the apps you have installed. One of the biggest selling points of the Apple TV, access to iTunes, is also rolled into the TV app. You can browse your iTunes library as well as buy or rent new content. Recommendations are curated by Apple's editors (which seems similar to Apple Music's curation system) to suggest the best content from streaming options available. Siri will also be getting new sports smarts. You can now tell Siri to turn on the game, and she'll find out where to watch it live or bring up other games you can watch live. But there's a big downside to the new TV app: it may not include all of your streaming applications. Notably absent from Apple’s demo was Netflix, which didn't even have an icon on the Apple TV menu. For many viewers, a lack of Netflix integration could be a big stumbling block, and it's especially disappointing as Netflix continues to expand its original content lineup. A less surprising absence was Amazon, which currently isn't available on the Apple TV. All in all, these missing apps make Apple's attempt at a unified TV experience a little less unified, and we hope more apps will be added in the future. Twitter is also coming to your Apple TV, with live Tweets visible right beside your favorite content to add context and commentary from around the world. Sure, you could follow along with Twitter on your phone while watching, but now it can be right on your TV screen. Unfortunately (or fortunately, for those who aren't fans of Twitter's microblogging platform), the feature will only be available for certain content like sports and the upcoming election. It can be fun to follow live commentary during TV shows and other major events, but do we really need it integrated in our TVs when it's so easy to use on our mobile devices? It's a neat feature, but it doesn't feel like an entirely necessary one. Perhaps most exciting is the addition of Minecraft to Apple TV's app lineup, bringing one of our favorite games to the biggest screen in the house. The TV app and Minecraft are both coming to Apple TV by the end of the year. TV will also be available on iOS for the iPhone and iPad, letting you easily swap between devices when you're on the go or if you prefer to watch TV on the patio instead of in front of the big screen. [Image credit: Apple] Discussion Leave a Comment Here Our Latest Reviews The Best Instant Camera Fujifilm Instax Mini 70 Instant Camera Review of the Philips Pasta Maker Philips Pasta Maker The Best Beard Trimmer Panasonic ER-GB80 The Best Wi-Fi Router Linksys EA7500 Comparing the New Xbox One S vs. the Xbox One Xbox One S New Articles on Techlicious How to Hide Your Home Theater iPhone & iPad Users: Beware of Fake Shopping Apps The Best TV under $500 Holiday Card Sites That Mail Cards for You How to Delete Yourself from the Internet Huawei Fit Smartwatch: High-End Fitness Tracking at a Budget Price Smart Home Tech Takes the Hassle out of the Holidays 3 Fun Ways to Capture and Share Holiday Photos © 2015 Techlicious LLC. Home | About | Meet the Team | Sponsorship Opportunities | Newsletter Archive | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy site design: Juxtaprose
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Is Tim Cook Apple’s version of Steve Ballmer? Not even close Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Earlier this week, I came across a widely circulated article from Steve Blank articulating why Tim Cook is effectively Apple's own version of Steve Ballmer, which is to say that Cook is a non-visionary who is adept at increasing sales but not much else. On a superficial level, the comparison is an easy one to make and, if you're not one who cares about nuance, it might even seem like a fair analogy. DON'T MISS: These hidden iOS 10 features will change the way you use your iPhone The gist of Blank's argument is simple. Ballmer is a sales guy who helped Microsoft grow but was unable to leverage the company's existing success into new innovative products. Stepping into Bill Gates' shoes, Ballmer was patently incapable of filling them. Cook, in a similar vein, is an operations guy who has taken Apple's financials to record-levels. But, much like Ballmer relative to Gates, Cook is no Steve Jobs and Apple's innovative spirit has struggled as a result. For Microsoft to have tackled the areas they missed – cloud, music, mobile, apps – would have required an organizational transformation to a services company. Services (Cloud, ads, music) have a very different business model. They are hard to do in a company that excels at products. Ballmer and Microsoft failed because the CEO was a world-class executor (a Harvard grad and world-class salesman) of an existing business model trying to manage in a world of increasing change and disruption. Indeed, Ballmer's failures as Microsoft's CEO center mostly on his inability to anticipate and take advantage of any number of important technological revolutions. Two quick examples include Microsoft not being able to compete in the digital music space and in the smartphone space. In a broad sense, Ballmer's fundamental failure as a CEO was his inability to appreciate that the technological landscape that Microsoft grew rich on was changing rapidly underneath its feet. Ballmer's ultimate mistake, to be more specific, wasn't that Microsoft didn't come out with an iPhone-like device first, but rather that Ballmer was unable to grasp that the iPhone was, right of the gate, where the future of mobile was headed. In short, Ballmer and Microsoft completely missed the boat. Looking at Cook, it's hard to draw any parallels between his tenure as the CEO of Apple over the past five years and Ballmer's stint as Microsoft CEO. Tim Cook has now run Apple for five years, long enough for this to be his company rather than Steve Jobs’. The parallel between Gates and Ballmer and Jobs and Cook is eerie. Apple under Cook has doubled its revenues to $200 billion while doubling profit and tripling the amount of cash it has in the bank (now a quarter of trillion dollars). The iPhone continues its annual upgrades of incremental improvements. Yet in five years the only new thing that managed to get out the door is the Apple Watch. With 115,000 employees Apple can barely get annual updates out for their laptops and desktop computers. This argument simply doesn't hold up. For starters, Blank is comparing Ballmer's entire tenure at Microsoft to Cook's 5 years at Apple. Even so, Cook's achievements are for more impressive from a financial perspective. Cook officially assumed the CEO position at Apple in late 2011. From 2012 to 2015, Apple's revenue increased from $156 billion to $233 billion. Without question, Apple's most impressive period of growth has come with Cook at the helm. Steve Ballmer retired in 2013, but from 2010 to 2013, Microsoft's revenue increased from $62 billion to $77 billion. That's impressive, sure, but it's nowhere on par with what Cook has managed to do. As for "annual upgrades of incremental improvements", well, that's how innovation typically works. Revolutionary products like the iPhone, almost by definition, are once in a lifetime products. Nonetheless, the iPhone has improved tremendously with Cook at the helm. Touch ID is a complete game-changer and it was implemented with Cook as CEO. Over the last few years, the iPhone has set new standards of excellence for mobile photography. What's more, the company's in-house team of hardware engineers consistently turn out increasingly impressive A-x processors that routinely leave competitors in the dust. Read More Blank continues: But the world is about to disrupt Apple in the same way that Microsoft under Ballmer faced disruption. Apple brilliantly mastered User Interface and product design to power the iPhone to dominance. But Google and Amazon are betting that the next of wave of computing products will be AI-directed services – machine intelligence driving apps and hardware. Think of Amazon Alexa, Google Home and Assistant directed by voice recognition that’s powered by smart, conversational Artificial Intelligence – and most of these will be a new class of devices scattered around your house, not just on your phone. It’s possible that betting on the phone as the platform for conversational AI may not be the winning hand. This is where Blank's argument effectively falls off the rails. There's absolutely no question that Microsoft missed a number of important technological waves. The same, however, can't be said for Apple. Will AI directed services be the next big thing as Blank suggests? Maybe it will. Maybe it wont. The simple reality is that the next big thing hasn't yet revealed itself. Maybe it will be AI, maybe it will be virtual reality, maybe it will be augmented reality, or maybe it will be something else entirely different that's not even on anyone's radar at the moment. The important takeaway here is that Apple has historically never been first to a given market. On the contrary, when Apple gets a read on what the next big wave in consumer electronics will be, it dives in head first, often late to the game, but with a product that's better and more intuitive than the competition. Admittedly, Apple is lagging behind in the current battle for AI supremacy. Nonetheless, it's so early in the game that to declare a winner today is on par with proclaiming in 2000 that Apple had already lost the digital music race because it didn't have an MP3 player. Blank, in a way, acknowledges this, but also adds that he doesn't have faith in Tim Cook to grasp when the next technological wave will hit. It’s not that Apple doesn’t have exciting things in conversational AI going on in their labs. Heck, Siri was actually first. Apple also has autonomous car projects, AI-based speakers, augmented and virtual reality, etc in their labs. The problem is that a supply chain CEO who lacks a passion for products and has yet to articulate a personal vision of where to Apple will go is ill equipped to make the right organizational, business model and product bets to bring those to market. No one is going to argue that Tim Cook's innovative vision is on par with Jobs'. Still, we have yet to see Apple make a serious misstep in the tech space that has caused the company to fall completely behind the rest of the industry. This is in stark contrast to what we saw with Ballmer when he was the CEO of Microsoft. If Apple misses the next big thing and is left watching helplessly on the sidelines, then sure, one could reasonably call Tim Cook a second coming of Steve Ballmer. But until that happens, such proclamations amount to nothing more than bold and eye-catching statements resting precariously on dangerously little evidence. And as a final point, to the issue of releasing innovative new products, it's easy to forget that Microsoft's innovations during Gates' tenure as CEO were various iterations of Windows. Software update after software update after software update. In other words, let's not try and pretend that Microsoft back in the late 80s and 90s was a beacon of innovation with forward-thinking new products coming down the pipeline every few years. Trending right now: These hidden iOS 10 features will change the way you use your iPhone Explained: Why Netflix doesn’t want to be included in Apple’s TV app You can already get Apple’s brand new MacBook Pro at a big discount See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ד חשון תשע"ז   |   Monday, November 14, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Apple Adds Keyboard Touch Functions to Mac in Major Refresh Apple Adds Keyboard Touch Functions to Mac in Major Refresh Friday, October 28, 2016 at 1:17 pm | כ"ו תשרי תשע"ז Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif., on Thursday. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) - Apple’s high-end Mac laptops are getting a touch control strip above the keyboard, part of a long-awaited update aimed at reviving interest in a product often overshadowed by newer gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The new Touch Bar, which is both a narrow display and a control panel, replaces the old physical function keys on a traditional laptop. It will offer a variety of controls that change according to the app or website that’s open. It also has functions that will be familiar to many iPhone users — showing word suggestions as you type, for example, or letting you scroll through a library of emojis. NEW FEATURES, HIGHER PRICE The company unveiled the laptops at its headquarters in Cupertino, California, where executives showed how the Touch Bar works with a variety of apps and software — providing playback and editing controls for videos or music, for example, and search functions for Apple’s maps and photos apps. Apple is also opening the Touch Bar to work with outside software, including Adobe’s Photoshop editing program and Microsoft’s Word, PowerPoint and Skype. Along with faster processors and brighter screens, two of Apple’s new laptops will also get a fingerprint sensor, similar to the one on iPhones. The sensor can unlock the device, authorize software installations or recognize a different user and quickly switch to that person’s settings. It works with Apple Pay, so users can authorize an electronic payment for online purchases. At least for now, the new Touch Bar and Touch ID features will be available only on higher-end models — a 13-inch MacBook Pro that starts at about $1,800 and a 15-inch MacBook Pro at about $2,400. Both ship in a few weeks. Starting Thursday, Apple is selling a 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar or Touch ID, but with other improvements, for about $1,500. Older versions sold for prices starting at about $1,300 for 13 inches and $2,000 for 15 inches. Apple will still sell older MacBook Pros at those prices, along with less-expensive MacBook and MacBook Air models. But its cheapest laptop, the 11-inch MacBook Air for about $900, will be sold only to education markets. The company is also replacing some computer ports with new outlets compatible with USB-C standards, which can be used both for charging and transferring data. Connectors with USB-C technology can transmit data faster than older USB jacks. They are also smaller and have a symmetric shape, which means the USB-C jack can be inserted with either side facing up. But older USB printers and other devices will need adapters. The new Macs still have traditional headphone jacks, unlike the latest iPhones. LAPTOPS VS. TABLETS Sales of the Mac have been in a slump this year, after a streak of growth in 2014 and 2015 that seemed to defy global trends. Consumers generally are buying fewer PCs and using smartphones or tablets instead. Apple itself has promoted its latest iPad tablet, the iPad Pro, as capable of replacing the laptop for many users. And in contrast with the Mac’s earlier years — when Apple marketed its computers to people who saw themselves as creative professionals or just independent thinkers — Apple also has begun promoting the Mac as a computer for businesses, which once mostly used competitors’ PCs running Microsoft’s Windows software. Microsoft, meanwhile, has begun selling its own line of high-end Surface laptops and this week introduced its first Surface desktop PC. Analysts say the new Surface Studio has a premium price and features that will most likely appeal to visual designers and other creative professionals — an area that has been Apple’s strength. Microsoft has boasted about modern controls with touchscreens; the Touch Bar is Apple’s answer to that, placed near the keyboard where people’s fingers are already. For Apple, the Mac line has been eclipsed financially by other products — first the iPod and now the iPhone — that have made far more money in recent years. But the Mac has been important for Apple since co-founder Steve Jobs introduced the first model in 1984. It commands intense loyalty from fans. “The Mac is more than a product to us. It’s a testament to everything we do and everything we create at Apple,” CEO Tim Cook said Thursday. Filed under: Apple, Computer Print Email Gmail Related Apple iMacs to Get Retina Displays REVIEW: New MacBook Shows Apple Not Giving Up on Laptop Apple Rolls Out New iPod Touch, Nano and Shuffle Devices Apple Updates MacBook Pro, Cuts Price on High-End iMac 5 Things to Know About Apple’s New iPad Pro Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Technology Life-Saving Technology for Autos Is Here, Just Not in Most Cars Intel Launches $6 Billion Production Line in Kiryat Gat Vroom: Gov’t to Require Hybrid, Electric Cars to Make Noise Samsung’s $8B Ticket Into the Red-Hot Automotive Tech Race It’s Not All in the Genes: Clean Living Can Cut Heart Risks OP-ED A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations To Many, Trump Offered Fresh, Appealing Message Kristallnacht Lessons for the Present Sanctity of the Kosel Is Everyone’s Concern Spreading the Light of Shabbos Ripe Citrons and Ruby Slippers Reflections Of A Kohen A Time to Heal There’s a Strong Case to Be Made for Electoral College Voting as a Rational Act These Ballot Initiatives Could Help Fix Our Broken Election System Features This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Sudoku – November 14, 2016 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Mrs. Rivka Herbst (Part IV) Editorial Cartoon – November 14, 2016 Get the Point Please Do Me a Favor Independence Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 10 Cheshvan/November 11 Not So Sure מרן ה”חזון איש” זי”ע Editorial Cartoon – November 11, 2016 Weather » Brooklyn 58°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,218.40 -18.72 (-0.36%) S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9307 GBP 0.8001 ILS 3.8477 CHF 0.9955 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch I’m in love with the Touch Bar. But I’m not sure how much I’ll use it. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama October 28 Follow @htsuka Apple revealed their new MacBook Pro at an event Oct. 27. Take a look. (Apple) Two seconds into using Apple’s Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro, and I’m in love. The new, touch-sensitive control bar is a second display that will show different controls based on the program you're using. It's silky smooth, beautiful to behold and incredibly easy to use. What I’m not sure about, however, is how much I’ll love the control bar once it’s no longer in front of me. There are two models with the Touch Bar, a 13-inch and a 15-inch laptop, which cost at least $300 more than the model with no bar. (The Touch Bar itself isn't the only difference; the more expensive models also have better processors, more ports and other upgrades.) When you’re in front of these machines, it’s hard not to be wowed by their huge track pads and bright screens. Both have Touch ID’s fingerprint sensor built into the power button, which works as snappily as on the iPhone. [Apple unveils redesigned, more expensive MacBook Pro] Apple also provided me with a 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar to review. Its keyboard was very pleasant to type on. I liked the keyboard on the new MacBook Pro much better than on my own 12-inch MacBook. Both use the same slimmer, “butterfly” technology that Apple introduced in 2015, which cuts down on bulk but can also feel too shallow to some users. Apple also improved the design by making the keys feel as though they’re traveling a little more into the keyboard. In the short time I’ve had the new MacBook Pro, it feels more powerful than its predecessors. If you have an older MacBook Pro, this is an upgrade: The screen is brighter, the performance noticeably better and the computer lighter. Not bad as a total package. But the focus of this new line really is the Touch Bar, which changes depending on the program in use. For example, if you're using Safari, the bar may feature your favorite sites. I have nothing bad to say about it — apart from how it may require some creative ergonomics to use comfortably. I’m a person who likes physical, clicky buttons, but even I have to admit that the adaptable software controls on the Touch Bar are intriguing. Not all of those controls are necessarily timesavers. For example, some observers of Thursday's event remarked that the Touch Bar adds steps in Photoshop. But some controls do save you from having to click through annoying drop-down menus. Being able to customize the Touch Bar is a huge perk for often-used functions. If you have an abnormal devotion to flagging messages, for instance, or if you’re an “Archive” person instead of a “Trash” person in Mail (or vice-versa), you can add those quick shortcuts right to your keyboard through the Touch Bar. And with zero training, I knew exactly how to use the Touch Bar. That's not nothing. So, in a vacuum, these are exciting and excellent computers. In the real world, they are still excellent, but there are other things to consider. Price is a big one. The MacBook Pro line has always been Apple’s premium line, and that has never been more apparent. The new entry-level, 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar is $1,500. If you want the Touch Bar, you have to pay at least $1,800. You could spend about $4,800 on a fully tricked-out, 15-inch MacBook Pro with all the bells, whistles and software that Apple offers. That’s not insignificant. Apple is also strongly pushing its users into new technology, which means we’re going to have a transition period here. While the MacBook Pro fixes one of users’ greatest laments about the MacBook — the MacBook has a single USB-C port; the Touch Bar MacBook Pros have four — people will still need to use adapters for most of their accessories. And that, quite frankly, can be annoying. I personally have forgotten adapters on business trips before, making my job unnecessarily harder. (In my case, I need an adapter for my digital voice recorder. Your mileage may vary.) That problem won’t last forever; USB-C is likely to become the new standard. But that isn't the case now, and prospective buyers should know they’re going to have to wait for an adapter-free existence. Even the Touch Bar itself will take some time to get used to, despite its overall excellence. And if developers other than Apple don’t embrace the technology and add some tricks of their own, a worst-case scenario could see the Touch Bar going down in history as a great missed opportunity: a piece of tech that was interesting but never lived up to its full potential. Of course the Touch Bar could easily become second nature to users for swiping, tapping and sliding at the top of their keyboards. I sort of hope it does, because it’s a lot of fun in the demos. But it will take me — and, probably, many other Mac users — some time to figure out how to personalize the Touch Bar's perks to justify the MacBook Pro's price tag. That hurdle may prove a hard one for Apple to overcome, and the tech giant will have to make a strong case to users and developers to get all of us to jump on it. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 4 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 5 The advertising decisions that helped doom Hillary Clinton Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Is Building a SWAT Team The tech titan welcomes yet another chip into the family. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 28, 2016 at 12:00PM The "T" in T1 must refer to "Touch." Image source: Apple. There's seemingly no limit to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) chip ambitions. Just when we thought the company was branching out enough, it can't seem to stop introducing new proprietary designs for its silicon. There was the S1 that debuted in the Apple Watch last year, followed by the S2 for Apple Watch Series 2. The delayed AirPods feature a W1 to deliver wireless connectivity alongside audio playback. All of this is concurrent with the primary A series of mobile processors, which will likely start seeing deeper integration of graphics technology as well. Well, say hello to the Apple T1. "T" stands for "Touch" For the first time ever, Apple is bringing Touch ID to the Mac, which I've been asking about for over a year. It's not as if this wasn't obvious, either. After debuting on the iPhone, Touch ID was always destined to make its way to the rest of the lineup; it was just a matter of when. Now that the new MacBook Pro is getting Touch ID, it's also just a matter of time before it penetrates the rest of the Mac lineup, potentially with a desktop accessory that includes a Touch Bar and Touch ID at some point on the horizon. When Apple first introduced Touch ID, it went to great pains to emphasize the security of fingerprint data. All fingerprint information would be stored locally on the iPhone in what Apple called a "Secure Enclave." This was actually a fairly commoditized off-the-shelf part developed by ARM, but that didn't stop Apple's marketing department. But now Apple has seemingly actually customized the design for its own purposes, and rebranded a new T1 chip that handles Touch ID and the secure enclave. Marketing chief Phil Schiller describing the new Apple T1 chip. Image source: Apple. Don't be surprised if Apple brings the T1 to other devices in the years ahead, including future iPhones and iPads. This trend won't stop As usual, Apple didn't disclose much on the technical front. The company instead referred to the new brand in passing, and we'll have to wait for tech teardowns to learn more about the silicon itself. The most important thing here is that Apple's chip ambitions are only getting greater. That's three new sub-families of chips -- S, W, and T -- that we've seen just over the past two years that Apple has designed, each with a specific purpose within the lineup. Eventually, it seems that Apple will continue this ongoing expansion, and its products may eventually consist of a wide range of Apple-designed semiconductors. Longer-term, that potentially poses a threat to various suppliers, since Apple is signaling that it wants to do as much as possible in-house. There will always be functions beyond Apple's expertise, but suppliers that provide lower-level functions better watch out. The most current generation of these chips is now the A10 Fusion, S2, W1, and now T1. When you include Apple's A chips, maybe it's not a coincidence that we get S-W-A-T, given the tactical nature of the company's aspirations. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Developers and creative pros are blasting Apple’s new MacBook Pro Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple's new MacBook Pro has created quite a stir in the Mac community, with many developers and creative professionals expressing outrage and frustration that Apple has seemingly created a Pro machine that is decidedly underwhelming and watered down. Apple pissing off the pro community is an especially interesting dynamic because, as many seasoned Mac observers can attest, Apple managed to survive some of its darker days in the early to mid 90s precisely because the Mac was the computer of choice for a wide swath of creative professionals. DON'T MISS: Explained: Why Netflix doesn’t want to be included in Apple’s TV app In the wake of Apple's MacBook Pro event yesterday, there's been a growing consternation that Apple's new MacBook Pro -- a machine that hasn't meaningfully been updated in years -- is nothing short of a disappointment and proof positive that Apple a) has no concrete vision for the future of the Mac and b) has no qualms about leaving its more ardent supporters behind. Michael Tsai, for example, writes: I was really disappointed with today’s Apple event. It seems like Apple has either lost its way, that it has lost touch with what (some of) its customers want, or that it simply doesn’t care about those customers. Developers are a captive audience, and creative professionals can switch to Windows, I guess. Apple no longer considers them core. There’s nothing particularly wrong with what Apple announced. I like Thunderbolt 3. The display looks good. I’m not crazy about Touch Bar, but it does seem potentially useful. The problem is that the MacBook Pro is not a true Pro notebook. ... The new MacBook Pro has a premium price for a Mac that’s still limited to 16 GB of RAM, has CPU performance that is likely lackluster because Apple didn’t talk about it in the keynote, and apparently doesn’t have such a great GPU, either. Apple prioritized thinness and lightness, which I care about hardly at all. I would rather have better performance, a good keyboard, more storage, a larger display, more ports so I don’t have to carry dongles, an SD card slot, etc. Double the weight and half the battery life would be fine with me. I'm not sure that anyone really wants 'double the weight and half the battery life' but Tsai's overarching complaints are not entirely without merit. If anything, they're quite common. Peter Kim, meanwhile, opines that Apple has no idea what it's doing in the Mac space: Understanding history is important – to a point. But Apple’s obsessive naval gazing in the Mac event today speaks volumes. This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines. So, instead, they look into the past. Kim also goes into detail explaining why he thinks Apple's ballyhooed new Touch Bar isn't as innovative as it's being credited for. And all this doesn't even touch on Apple's ongoing neglect of other Mac products such as the Mac Pro and the venerable iMac. In a tweet that's equally as funny as it is sad, Brian Stucki points out: https://twitter.com/brianstucki/status/791671150703091712 Meanwhile, Alexey Semeney over at the DevTeamSpace Blog doesn't mince words, writing that Apple's new MacBook Pro is not a laptop for developers anymore. Aside from the removal of physical function keys and the escape key (not the biggest deal in my opinion), Semeney raises a number of other issues that are in fact compelling, such as no improvements to RAM and the device's processor. The 2016 MacBook Pro ships with RAM and processor specs that are nearly identical to the 2010 model. Deja vu? RAM: At least it feels like that, because the MacBook Pro has had options of up to 16 GB of RAM since 2010. The only difference now is that you pay for the update. Processors: The MacBook Pro had options with 2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors back in 2010. Anything new in 2016? Not really, well… nope. Of course, this song and dance is nothing new. Apple has a long and storied history of catering to the masses over any particular subset of users. The only difference is that this time around, Apple seems to have pissed off its most loyal supporters. All that said, the success of Apple's new MacBook Pro line will hinge entirely on how users take to the device's new Touch Bar, especially with no compelling improvements to CPU and the like. Read More Not surprisingly, Twitter is littered with comments and observations like this. https://twitter.com/phillip_webb/status/792017378443796481 There are also no shortage of longtime Mac users now wondering if their next notebook will, in fact, be a Mac. And adding insult to injury, some now argue that Microsoft is now has become more creative-friendly than Apple. Blake Lowry of Pixel Rants notes: Now Microsoft showed off it's new computing device, precisely aimed at artists, designers, and photographers. Their new Surface Studio is the holy grail for for creatives, like myself. I've long wanted a computer to completely replace a drafting or drawing table. The Surface Studio is a no compromise machine for people that are setting out to create things. From it's massive 28" touch screen, low angle adjustment. palm rejection, high color output, over 4k screen, and insane specs, it's gives you everything a creative wants. Oh, not to forget about the cool input the Dial allows. The new MacBook Pro, by contrast, looks to be targeting consumers and prosumers as opposed to full-on professionals. I can't think of an excuse an artist would make to choose a MacBook Pro over a Surface Studio, well except price and portability, and even then there's a really good argument to be made about the new Surface Book. But we're talking about no-compromise tools for professionals. I envision art departments with rows of the Studio. Just walk up to it like a drawing table and get busy. It's a remarkable time to be a creative. Apple meanwhile claims that the new MacBook Pro will be great for creatives, but only time will tell if that is indeed the truth or if it's nothing more than Apple ad-speak. Trending right now: These hidden iOS 10 features will change the way you use your iPhone Explained: Why Netflix doesn’t want to be included in Apple’s TV app You can already get Apple’s brand new MacBook Pro at a big discount See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Microsoft Surface Studio: The smart person's guide Everything you need to know about the Surface Studio, Microsoft's new all-in-one PC designed to tempt professional artists and designers over to Windows. By Nick Heath | October 28, 2016, 9:06 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus The Microsoft Surface Studio Image: Microsoft The Surface Studio is an all-in-one PC with premium specs, designed to wow professional artists, designers, architects and other creatives. While the $2,999 price tag will deter most consumers, Microsoft seems to be targeting the Studio at design professionals, who would otherwise be using Apple Macs alongside specialist devices like Wacom's Cintiq drawing tablet. The Studio is a machine with a lot to recommend it, but one that could still be a leap too far for creatives already heavily invested in alternative tech. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides Executive summary What it is: The Surface Studio is a high-end, all-in-one PC aimed at being a drafting table and canvas for creatives. Why it matters: The machine marks Microsoft's first venture into designing desktop PCs and may put pressure on Apple and other manufacturers to crank up specs on competing machines. Who it is for: Artists, designers, architects — creative professionals who want a machine that shows off their work at its best. Why you should get it: For its super sleek, razor-sharp display that lets users draw straight onto the screen. Why you shouldn't get it: The price is too high or you're a professional already heavily invested in alternative software and hardware. How to get it: Pre-order online, although stock is limited according to Microsoft What it is An all-in-one, Windows 10 PC designed to dazzle users with its superlative display. The screen, a 28-inch touchscreen LCD monitor, is 'the thinnest in the world' according to Microsoft, and sits on a counterbalanced hinge that makes it easy to push down onto the desk, and start drawing on with a digital pen. SEE: Photos: Microsoft's new Surface Studio and 10 great alternatives The monitor's 4K+ resolution and ability to display more than one billion colors, as well as to show drawings and documents at 1:1 scale with their paper equivalents, is designed to give professionals the ability to see how their creations would look in the real world. Sketching on the screen with the Surface Pen is made easier when the Studio is used with the newly released Surface Dial, a brushed silver knob that can be rotated to select a new color when drawing on the screen or to turn the image. Also see: Microsoft Surface Studio: An all-in-one PC aiming to steal Apple's design crown Photos: Microsoft's new Surface Studio and 10 great alternatives Why it matters From the point of view of artists and designers, the Studio offers a high-end computer built around their creative needs, which does away with having to use a separate drawing tablet and computer. Even if creatives ignore the Surface Studio, its release is good news, likely to prompt incumbents like Apple and Wacom to spec up and cut the prices of new machines — in particular for the iMac, which the Studio has been compared to many times, despite the iMac lacking a touchscreen. By following up the immaculately designed Surface Book laptop with a striking machine like the Surface Studio, Microsoft also appears to be trying to establish itself as a competitor to Apple on the design front. Also see: Microsoft Event: New Surface Book, Studio sneak peek (ZDNet) Microsoft's Surface Studio: The newest member of Microsoft's device family (ZDNet) Who it is for Broadly, the Studio seems to be aimed at anyone who draws or designs for a living. In launch videos, the Studio was seen being used by artists, architects and product designers. The multi-purpose nature of the Studio, a machine that combines a Windows desktop PC with the functionality of a separate digital drawing tablet, such as the Cintiq 27 QHD Touch, will likely make the $2,999 price tag easier to swallow among those in the creative industries. Also see: Microsoft aims high with new Surface hardware (ZDNet) Surface Studio shows up the iMac but won't unseat it (ZDNet) Why you should get it If you draw or design for a living there are plenty of reasons why you might want the Studio. For example, there's the quality of the display and the ease with which the Surface Pen draws on the screen. Microsoft describes this experience as virtually as fluid as drawing on paper. Then there's the Studio's significant graphical processing power, the ability to view documents and drawings actual size on screen and the ease with which you can switch push down the monitor and begin drawing. Also see: Microsoft Surface Studio and Surface Dial making art (ZDNet) Surface Studio and MacBook Pro forge diverging paths to PC productivity (ZDNet) Why you shouldn't get it Despite the Studio's looks, its high price makes it hard to recommend as a consumer purchase, particularly when an iMac with a higher resolution, and only very slightly smaller screen, will cost less money. What's Hot at TechRepublic The antique computers that just won't quit Windows 10: The Sirius A is a full desktop PC that fits in your pocket If there's a tech skills shortage, why are so many computer graduates unemployed? Subscribe to TechRepublic's Tech News You Can Use newsletter Even professional creators are unlikely to abandon their current expensive setup for a Studio, as Mikako Kitagawa, principal research analyst with Gartner, pointed out. "An all-in-one device is not the most cost-effective device, as the users pay for both the computing unit and monitor at the same time," she said. "Creative professionals have already invested heavily in hardware and software. For instance, many professional illustrators use a high-end drawing tablet and high-resolution monitor at the same time." If those same professionals exclusively use macOS, as is the case in some creative outlets, then the high cost of switching to Windows will also be a deterrent, she said. There is also Microsoft's odd decision not to include the $99 Surface Dial with the Studio, despite the peripheral featuring so heavily in demos of the machine, and being particularly useful for tasks like changing colors while drawing with the Surface Pen. Also see: Video: Microsoft introduces Surface Studio and the Windows 10 Creators Update (ZDNet) Could Microsoft save the PC market by challenging Apple and creating a designer all-in-one? How to get it The Surface Studio is available to pre-order from Microsoft, with prices starting at $2,999 and shipping starting from 12 December. Microsoft has warned the machine will be available in limited quantities. Also see: Microsoft Surface Studio (CNET) Microsoft Surface Studio takes on Apple's all-in-one iMac (CNET) Tech specs: $2,999: 1TB drive; Intel Core i5 CPU; 8GB RAM; 2GB GPU $3,499: 1TB drive; Intel Core i7 CPU; 16GB RAM; 2GB GPU $4,199: 2TB drive; Intel Core i7 CPU; 32GB RAM; 4GB GPU Display: 28" PixelSense Display; 4500 x 3000 resolution; 192 DPI; Color settings: Adobe sRGB, DCI-P3 and Vivid Color Profiles; Touch: 10-point multi-touch; Aspect ratio: 3:2 TB drive; Intel Core i5 CPU; 8GB RAM; 2GB GPU Processor: Quad-core 6th Gen Intel Core i5 or i7 Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GPU GDDR5 memory or NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4GB GPU GDDR5 memory Storage: 1TB or 2TB 'rapid hybrid drive' Memory: 8GB, 16GB, or 32GB RAM Wireless: 802.11ac Wi-Fi; Bluetooth 4.0; Xbox Wireless built-in3 Dimensions: Display: 25.09 x 17.27 x 0.44 in (637.35 x 438.90 x 11.4 mm); Base: 9.84 x 8.66 x 1.26 in (250.00 x 220.00 x 32.20 mm) Weight: 21.07 lbs max (9.56 kg) Connections: 4 USB 3.0; Full-size SD card reader (SDXC compatible); Mini Displayport; 3.5mm headset jack; Compatible with Surface Dial onscreen interaction Cameras: 5.0MP front-facing camera with 1080p HD video Audio: Dual microphones; Stereo 2.1 speakers with Dolby Audio Premium Buttons: Volume and power Surface Pen Surface Keyboard Surface Mouse Power cord with grip-release cable Security: TPM chip for enterprise security; Enterprise-grade protection with Windows Hello face sign-in Be your company's Microsoft insider with the help of these Windows and Office tutorials and our experts' analyses of Microsoft's enterprise products. Subscribe to our Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Specs: Apple iPad Pro vs. Microsoft Surface 3 (TechRepublic) Microsoft Surface: Microsoft boosts investment in enterprise plan (ZDNet) Windows 10: New hardware is coming, but will they be the devices Microsoft really needs? (TechRepublic) Microsoft Surface battery life: New updates again target Surface Pro 4, Book power issues (ZDNet) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Nick Heath Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Full Bio Contact See all of Nick's content Google+ @nickjheath × Full Bio Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
facebook twitter feed youtube Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 Home Top Stories National Report Companies & Markets International News Opinions Lifestyle Motoring Property Sport Technology Apple hikes computer prices by around 20 percent 0 International NewsOctober 28, 2016 A+ A- Email Print By Own Correspondent Apple has raised prices for its computers by around 20 percent APPLE has upset customers by raising its UK computer and laptop prices by around 20%. In the latest blow to UK shoppers since the decision to leave the European Union saw the pound start to slide, the computer-maker began charging £2,999 for its Mac Pro desktop. This is an increase of 20% from £2,499 earlier in the week. The prices were changed as Apple revealed a revamped MacBook Pro on Thursday, adding a fingerprint reader, and replacing function keys with a small touch screen. The 12in MacBook Air went up by 19% from £1,049 to £1,249, the 13in from £999 to £1,249 and the 15in from £1,599 to £1,899. On its desktop line, the Mac mini had been £399 before the launch but £479 afterwards – a difference of 20% – while the cheapest iMac 4k went from £1,199 to £1,449 – an increase of 21%. The pound has dropped around 18% against the US dollar since June’s referendum and inflation is accelerating at the fastest pace seen for two years, with some economists forecasting an annual rate of 3% next year. The driver behind this is tipped to be goods from abroad being more expensive to import because of sterling’s weakness. An Apple spokesman said: “Apple suggests product prices internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes and the cost of doing business. “These factors vary from region to region and over time, such that international prices are not always comparable to US suggested retail prices.” Apple’s statement suggests the pound factor loomed large in its decision but it is known to set its prices against the dollar, which is historically strong, exacerbating the currency element of the increase. The company said it had also raised its prices in the US, though that was likely to be by a weaker margin. Sky News has requested more information from the company on its US and European price increases. It is not the first price increase seen by Apple consumers since the UK’s vote to leave the European Union. In August, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were priced at £599 and £719 respectively, increases of 11% and 16% from the previous versions. Earlier this week, Microsoft announced an increase of up to 22% for business customers of its cloud products, blaming currency changes. And earlier this month, Tesco and some other supermarkets refused to stock scores of Unilever products after the business was understood to have sought a 10% increase to its wholesale prices. Analysis has showed that some Apple US pre-tax prices – when compared to those in the UK excluding VAT – are marginally cheaper in this country. According to listed prices on its US site the MacBook Pro 13in, for example, is 1% cheaper in the UK in GBP terms. news.sky.com newsdesk@fingaz.co.zw Follow us on Twitter on @FingazLive and on Facebook – The Financial Gazette Like to share? Newer PostCuthbert Malajila calls for Bidvest Wits momentum against Bloemfontein Celtic Older PostRIP Vine: Why is Twitter dumping video sharing app? Popular Posts Jonathan Moyo’s case falling apart 810.11.2016 ZIMRA peeping Tom fired 110.11.2016 Anne Nhira building her own empire 208.11.2016 CABINET FILES: Time you carry your own crosses, Cdes 510.11.2016 Zimbabwe cash crisis: An analysis of the real reasons behind 808.11.2016 Columnists CABINET FILES: Time you carry your own crosses, Cdes CZ LETTER FROM AMERICA: Trump starts a revolution! Ken Mufuka HR PERSPECTIVES: Four measures a board can take to save the business Memory Nguwi More from Fingaz About us Advertise Magazines Supplements Contact us Connect With Us facebook twitter feed youtube Sponsored Links Airtime Accommodation Auto Parts Broadband Cars Classifieds Cell Phones Electronics Prepaid Electricity For Sale Home, Office Jobs Property Services Web Design Web Hosting Online Payments Pay TelOne ADSL Upcoming Events Nov 17 Thu 9:00 am Star Africa EGM & Scheme meeting... Star Africa EGM & Scheme meeting... Nov 17 @ 9:00 am – 1:00 pm   View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Fingaz Polls Will new US President Donald Trump make America great again? YES NO MAYBE vote Techzim Feed We have the best mobile internet in Zimbabwe- Econet, but does that matter to subscribers right now?Mon, Nov 14, 2016 GOING SOLAR: Understanding Electric Power…Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Bulawayo’s regional Tech Fest event postponed to avoid clashing with Global Entrepreneurship Week starting today!Mon, Nov 14, 2016 How I save money by using bitcoin to send money to ZimbabweSat, Nov 12, 2016 TEDxHarare is hosting free events all week for Entrepreneurship Week!Thu, Nov 10, 2016 © 2016 The Financial Gazette. Site and hosting by webdev Scroll
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Eyes-on with the LG 5K display perfect for the new MacBook Pro Chris Davies - Oct 28, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple may have delivered on a new MacBook Pro but desktop power-users didn’t get the Apple Thunderbolt 3 Display they were hoping for at yesterday’s event. Instead, we had the fruits of an unexpected collaboration with LG, in the shape of a co-created monitor that should have sufficient pixels to keep even demanding MacBook Pro owners happy. It’s called the LG UltraFine 5K Display, and it looks pretty darn impressive in person. Admittedly, Apple had tilted things in the UltraFine 5K Display’s favor in its post-keynote demo area. A darkened room and a twin display setup certainly helped the color-rich panel look its most dramatic, managing to distract even from the eye-catching Touch Bar above the new notebook’s keyboard. Still, it should be able to hold its own even in more mundane environs. For a start there’s the convenience. Since it relies on the new Thunderbolt 3 port on the MacBook Pro, using the USB Type-C connector, the LG monitor also works as a docking station. A single cable handles video output and powers the notebook. There are also three USB Type-C ports on the back, which can be used to daisy-chain peripherals. That might be external drives, a printer, or a memory card reader – the new MacBook Pro drops, unfortunately, the SD slot of its predecessor. You also get a webcam and speakers. Sadly, you don’t get an ethernet port as the original Thunderbolt Display provided, so this isn’t quite the do-everything dock we might’ve hoped for. If the rumors are true, that’s something Apple itself is working on still. Indeed, it could even take advantage of Thunderbolt 3’s 40 Gbps data connection and integrate an external GPU, boosting the graphics potency of the connected notebook in a way that would presumably be most welcome for 13-inch MacBook Pro owners who don’t get discrete graphics. That’s not to say the LG UltraFine 5K display disappoints where it matters. The 5120 x 2880 panel is bright, clear, and a fitting match to Apple’s Retina display courtesy of hitting 99-percent of the P3 color space. If you’re feeling really expansive, and your budget and desk can handle it, you can drive two of them from the 15-inch MacBook Pro. The 13-inch version can handle one 5K display, or alternatively two 4K screens. Funnily enough, LG has just the thing there, too: a 21.5-inch baby brother to the UltraFine 5K. Dubbed the UltraFine 4K Monitor, it has a 4096 x 2304 resolution IPS panel also with 99-percent of the P3 color space. It actually relies on USB-C rather than Thunderbolt 3, which means it’ll play nicely with the 12-inch MacBook too. On the back there are three USB Type-C ports, though while you get the stereo speakers you miss out on the webcam of the bigger monitor. Still, it’ll also provide power for recharging both your MacBook and your MacBook Pro. NOW READ: New MacBook Pro hands-on LG says the new 5K UltraFine 5K Monitor will hit shelves in early December, while the 4K version will arrive a little sooner, in November. Pricing is yet to be confirmed for the 5K model, though we already know that the LG UltraFine 4K will be $699.95. You can preorder that now, and it’ll apparently ship in 5-6 weeks time. Story Timeline The new MacBook Pro goes all-in on USB Type-C LG UltraFine 4K, 5K monitors arrive in time for new MacBooks New MacBook Pro 13 first look: Entry-level Touch Bar envy AMD details GPU power inside MacBook Pro Tags AppleComputingDisplayLGmacbook proThunderboltThunderbolt 3 Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple raises prices in Britain due to pound's drop By Associated Press Published: 12:58 EST, 28 October 2016 | Updated: 12:58 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail LONDON (AP) — Apple has raised the prices of its Mac computer range in the U.K. amid the dramatic drop in the value of the pound against the dollar following Britain's vote to leave the European Union. The company took advantage of the launch of its new line on Thursday to adjust prices across its range — by as much as 500 pounds ($610) in one case. Apple said its prices are based on a number of factors, including currency exchange rates. MacBook computers are shown in a demo room following the announcement of new products at Apple headquarters Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) The changes included a price increase on the 13-inch MacBook from 849 pounds to 949 pounds, while the Mac Pro desktop jumped from 2,499 pounds to 2,999 pounds. Patrick O'Brien, an analyst at the Verdict Retail consultancy, on Friday described the increase as "inevitable." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Computer Class subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.28.16. 10.28.16 Time of Publication: 12:53 pm. 12:53 pm Computer Class Yes, sleek mobiles are going to take over the world … eventually. For now, some of us still need powerful PCs. This week, we got to see that Microsoft and Apple are still intent on wowing our socks off when it comes to hardware for developers and creative professionals. With the new Surface Studio from Microsoft and the redesigned MacBook Pro from Apple, we’ve got some great options. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The Surface Studio looks hot. So does the new MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar. Also see David’s hands-on report. Margaret Rhodes has some additional thoughts on the Touch Bar as well. There’s also a new Surface Book from Microsoft. David’s recommendation this week is Lessons From the Screenplay. Michael’s is the Jaybird X3 sweat-proof wireless earphones. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts microsoft podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts microsoft podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 11.11.16. 11.11.16 Time of Publication: 2:21 pm. 2:21 pm The Wrist Is Interesting The market for wrist-worn fitness trackers is cooling. With recent reports of Fitbit’s profits dipping and the Apple Watch sales numbers not being super-great, a narrative has emerged over the last few weeks that wearables will soon be dead. There’s some truth to that, though in reality, it just means that the industry is changing to meet new consumer demands. David and Michael discuss what needs to happen for the market to get more interesting. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: IDC numbers are bad. Canalys numbers are way better. David’s feature story about Fitbit’s quest to get more people wearing Fitbits. David again on smartwatches and fitness trackers. Recommendations this week: Authy and the Garmin Forerunner 735XT. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Wearables Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Wearables Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 11.04.16. 11.04.16 Time of Publication: 3:40 pm. 3:40 pm Human Enough On this week’s Gadget Lab Podcast, we discuss voice assistants. We’re spending a lot of time talking to our devices. They’re talking back, too—products like Google Home and Amazon Echo can answer questions, give us helpful information, and tell stupid jokes. But what’s the end result of all this gabbing? Smarter AI assistants, sure. But the way we bark commands at our voice-controlled tech and treat the devices like lowly machines … is that making us ruder? Should we design the computers to talk to us more like humans in order to encourage empathy, or should we keep them cold and machine-like so we don’t get unhealthily attached? Is this even a problem? Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The Google Home is now available, and David talks to it. Also, Tim Moynihan puts Google’s Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa head-to-head to see which one keeps him company better. A year ago, David wrote about the coming wave of “crazy-powerful” AI assistants. David’s recommendation this week is Poisonfeather by Matthew Fitzsimmons. Michael recommends Amanda yerba mate. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts voice assistants WIRED Radio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts voice assistants WIRED Radio Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.21.16. 10.21.16 Time of Publication: 3:40 pm. 3:40 pm We’re All Talk Have we reached peak smartphone? The Pixel maybe just tipped the scales, and it did so right at the moment we’re getting ready to move on to something else. With so many voice-controlled, non-smartphone devices in our homes, it sure feels like we’re at a flux point. Also, the Google Assistant, which lives in the Pixel, is so so powerful, and we’re headed for more of that. Michael and David (who is back from Bogota) discuss the changes in the personal tech landscape. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David’s review of the Google Pixel. A gallery of the full-size images he shot with the phone in Colombia. Tim Moynihan’s story about the Pixel’s advanced camera technology. David’s recommendation this week is Textra, the best default messaging app for Android. Michael’s recommendation is Bob Dylan’s Planet Waves. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.14.16. 10.14.16 Time of Publication: 2:32 pm. 2:32 pm Arcade Fire With the release of PSVR and the impending launch of Google’s new phone-based VR platform, virtual reality has hit a new high water mark. We bring in an expert, WIRED’s own Peter Rubin, to chart all of it. Peter manages WIRED’s culture and entertainment coverage and co-hosts The Monitor, our culture podcast. Peter is also well-steeped in face computers: he’s written stellar stories about Oculus and he’s been testing and ranking each new VR system as it’s released. With David out this week, Michael and Peter talk about PSVR, Google Daydream View, and the future of “untethered” real-deal VR. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Read Peter’s review of the Sony PlayStation VR headset and his report from last week’s Oculus Connect. Also, Chris Kohler writes about rhythm games and short-play games in VR. David Pierce has the details on Google’s phone-based Daydream View. Recommendations this week: People Just Do Nothing on Netflix and the Talkhouse podcasts. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Peter Rubin is @provenself, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts PlayStation VR podcasts VR Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts PlayStation VR podcasts VR Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.07.16. 10.07.16 Time of Publication: 3:29 pm. 3:29 pm Google’s Voice-Activated Future The tech giant finally made good on its promise to get serious about hardware. This week saw the debut of two new Pixel phones (the first ever phones from Google), plus the retail release of Google Home and the Daydream View phone-based VR headset. The Pixel phones are exciting—not only because of their premium design, but also because they include the new Google Assistant, a more advanced version of Google Now that helps you communicate, make plans, and run your life more efficiently. But, maybe it doesn’t work super-great just yet. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Watch Google’s presentation from Tuesday, and read our roundup of everything that was announced. Read Brian Barrett’s story on Pixel’s place in the Android world. Margaret Rhodes on Google’s “Trojan Horse” plan for AI. This week, David recommends Keep, and Michael recommends the now-dirt-cheap Nexus 5X. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts google google assistant podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts google google assistant podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.30.16. 09.30.16 Time of Publication: 2:46 pm. 2:46 pm We Like to Watch This week, television. What we watch, what we watch it on, and what we do while we watch it. Not only is the technology of TV changing, but the content is morphing in a way that alters what we think of as “television.” Is a YouTube video TV? Sure, right. What about a Snapchat story, or a local city council meeting on Twitter? Yes—why not. The hosts discuss these changes in light of YouTube’s new app, Twitter’s new strategy, Snap’s new hardware, and Roku’s new future-proofed players. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David Pierce’s story on YouTube Go. The video from Vox about “the package” in Cuba. Brian Barrett on Snap Specs, and the WSJ feature that dropped suddenly. David also wrote about football on Twitter. Tim Moynihan’s rundown of the new boxes from Roku. David on Alto, the new email app from AOL. Easy, on Netflix. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Roku Television twitter YouTube Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Roku Television twitter YouTube Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 4 hours Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11 hours These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 12 hours My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 6 hours The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones TV The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones 8 hours Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 2 days Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites Hack Brief Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites 7 hours IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 12 hours More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 6 hours product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11 hours video Drone Off! GoPro Karma and DJI Mavic Pro Fly Head-to-Head 11.02.16 product review Review: Panasonic Lumix GX85 2 days product review Review: Meizu M3 Note 3 days TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 4 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple MacBook, iMac prices become latest victims of Brexit Price hikes hit Apple products in the UK, including on older versions of devices such as the Mac Mini, Mac Pro and iMac. Josh Miller/CNET Apple MacBook, iMac prices become latest victims of Brexit 0 Share: Laptops by Katie Collins October 28, 2016 7:53 AM PDT @katiecollins Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Apple unveiled a swish new MacBook Pro on Thursday that came complete with a hefty price tag of $1,799. There's nothing unusual about high prices on Apple's newest, most sophisticated tech. But if the MacBook seems expensive to Americans, it's worse for customers in the UK where it costs £1,749 -- equal to $2,121. More unusual is what happened to Apple's older products in the UK. Normally, prices for such products drop when Apple adds new tech to its lineup. This time, the opposite happened. The Apple Store went down on Thursday, as it usually does before an Apple launch event. When it popped back up, though, some items were more expensive in the UK than they were before. Blame it on Brexit. Apple is far from being the only tech company reconsidering prices, given the pound's decline since the UK voted in June to leave the European Union. The OnePlus 3, the HTC Vive and some Microsoft business products have suffered a similar fate. For British technology lovers, these price rises are a kick in the teeth, as tech is already comparatively expensive in the UK. Until Thursday, the 13-inch MacBook Pro cost £849, but head to the Apple Store now and you'll see it costs £949. The smallest increase was for the Mac Mini, which at £479 costs £80 more than it did earlier this week. At the other end of the scale, the Mac Pro is now priced at £2,999, which is £500 more than it cost previously. The iMac 4K and iMac 5K also saw price increases of several hundred pounds each. The two left columns show Apple Store prices earlier in October. The two right columns show prices for the same products now. Photo by Screenshot by CNET of Apple Store site In the US, prices for all such products remained the same. The same thing happened to iPad pricing following Apple's iPhone 7 launch event in September. The prices of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus dropped as they usually do. In the US the price reductions also affected iPads, but iPad prices rose by £10 to £50 in the UK. Pricing around the world can be influenced by a variety of considerations, Apple said in a statement. "Apple suggests product prices internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes, and the cost of doing business," the company said. "These factors vary from region to region and over time, such that international prices are not always comparable to US suggested retail prices." If you'd been planning on buying an iMac or MacBook before the increase, you still have a chance to snap them up at their original prices from some third-party retailers, including John Lewis. First published October 28 at 6:50 a.m. PT. Update at 7:53 a.m. PT: Added Apple's statement. Tags Apple Laptops Desktops Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 15 Apple said to be mulling new focus on smart glasses Nov 14 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda All Apple Stories Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals Is the new MacBook Pro a must have? (The 3:59, Ep. 140) 7 ways to keep your MacBook from overheating Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: Apple MacBook, iMac prices become latest... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One News 2016-11-14 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2016 Review Roundup: Impressive With A Hefty Price, But Can It Save Apple’s Decline? Technology 1 0 0 October 28, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Review Roundup: Impressive With A Hefty Price, But Can It Save Apple’s Decline? Patrick Frye The MacBook Pro 2016 reviews are in. It seems to be a hit among veteran Apple consumers and might be what brings their shares back up in the final quarter of 2016 and maintain the rising profit streak. As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Apple’s stocks have dropped this year, breaking the 15-year streak of increasing profits. It may be due to the hefty price tag on their products or the push to “go green” under the direction of Tim Cook. It might also be due to the possible trend of exploding iPhone 7 devices, mirroring the problem Samsung has been facing with their Galaxy Note 7 and some appliances. The new MacBook Pro could change that with what many reviewers are calling a real break-through. The Mirror claims that the Pro is often overshadowed by the Air and the latest improvements to the stock MacBook, making it appear to be a “neglected workhorse.” Up until now, it seems, the Pro always seems to be the least popular option of the three. Apple’s new T1 chip that drives MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar runs “eOS”, a variant of watchOS https://t.co/4fMIBDX4Bx pic.twitter.com/hbhXGPmzrZ — iDownloadBlog (@iDownloadBlog) October 28, 2016 The sixth-generation Core i7 processor and ATI Radeon Pro graphics card with up to 4GB of RAM, combined with a 2TB SDD hard drive, make it what Apple claims to be up to 50 percent faster. The 15-inch model comes with 16GB of RAM, making it clearly superior to the 13-inch model. Better speakers are also allegedly part of the deal. However, what’s under the proverbial hood isn’t always a selling point. Sometimes, it’s the proverbial paint job and body work. What this means is that the MacBook Pro for this year not only performs better but looks and functions better overall. The first and most notable addition is the touch bar, which changes its function based on what you want it to do. You can drag applications into the touch bar to make it a programmable shortcut, much like the PlayStation 4’s touchpad, but much more versatile. Combine this with the back-lit keyboard and keys and you can even use it in the dark. For those who want to eliminate the mouse, the MacBook’s touchpad is much larger this time, so navigating the screen feels a lot more refined. Hopefully, Apple’s research made the touchpad palm-proof, because you’ll be resting your hand on it a lot. Apple expected to launch first MacBook Pro in 4 years https://t.co/oUv5wcYP3G pic.twitter.com/Tlvs1AmY6y — Michael Chase (@chasethisnow) October 28, 2016 Reviewers at the Verge say that the backlit keyboard is bright, but not distractingly so. Even more impressive is the programmable function of the keys themselves, via a menu. The touch bar has one major drawback, and that’s the lack of media playback controls when it’s customized. Thankfully, there is a button on the right that puts those controls back. If you want to skip a song while searching for information on Facebook, you aren’t stuck with it just because the touch bar is optimized for productivity. The Verge says that the keyboard might annoy some, as it’s identical to the one on the Air. However, the simplicity might be a plus if you’re not a fan of overwhelming numbers. The new 15″ MacBook Pro can push four 4K monitors at once https://t.co/DtPIdCyFmM pic.twitter.com/Fcvnmnr3M3 — Engadget (@engadget) October 28, 2016 Trusted Reviews says that the MacBook Pro is remarkably thinner than the previous model. This means it’s lighter and easier to tote around if you’re the type to use it on the go. The 2016 model’s non-button inputs and outputs include “four USB Type-C ports which can be used to charge the machine or as a thunderbolt, USB, display, HDMI out, or VGI ports. That means no MagSafe charger port.” This means that like the iPhone 7, there is no headphone jack this year. With improved speakers, you might not miss them unless you’re in a noisy room. The MacBook Pro powers up just by opening it and comes with a fingerprint ID so only you can use it. The biggest downside to Apple’s latest model is the price tag. At over $1,000 at the cheapest, even after an early price drop on Amazon, it’s no drop in the proverbial bucket for those on a budget. Of course, Apple has rarely ever made new technology affordable. If you have a 2016 MacBook Pro, what do you think of it? [Featured Image by guteksk7/Shutterstock.com] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: MacBook Pro 2016 Review Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.3k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.3k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 0 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 0 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder 9 0 0 Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks 1 0 0 Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 28 AAPL: 113.72 -0.76 9to5Toys Last Call: Assassin’s Creed Identity $3, VIZIO Soundbar $138, Logitech Harmony Ultimate Remote $170, more Trevor Daugherty - 2 weeks ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Review: Nomad’s Silicone Strap is the Apple Watch Sport Band that should’ve come from Cupertino Apple won’t sell you an Apple Watch Nike+ Sport Band, but Amazon already has some low-priced knockoffs Belkin unveils new Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock designed for Apple’s latest MacBook Pro Get these classic scary movies in HD for only $5 each: Silence of the Lambs, more Halloween Magazine sale with titles from $5/yr: Wired, ESPN, GQ, more Green Deals: GreenWorks Pro 80V 16-inch Cordless Electric String Trimmer $134 Waterpik Cordless Water Flosser $35, more Games/Apps: Assassin’s Creed Identity $3, pre-owned Nintendo 3DS games from $2.50, iOS freebies, more VIZIO’s 38-inch 2.1-ch. Soundbar w/ Wireless Subwoofer is an Amazon best seller, on sale for $138 shipped Logitech’s Harmony Ultimate Touchscreen Remote has it all, including smartphone control: $170 shipped (Reg. $300) These highly-rated Monowear Bands for Apple Watch in a variety of styles/colors are only $10 shipped Give your Apple Watch a genuine leather band (42 or 38mm) for just $14 Prime shipped (Reg. $20) Best Buy is taking $100 off all 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi models, prices start at $500 shipped Save up to 23% on iPad mini 4 and iPad Air 2 at Target: Wi-Fi 32GB configurations from $309 shipped App Store Free App of the Week: Sonic CD goes free for the first time ever (Reg. up to $5) Turn your iPad into a second display for your Mac w/ Duet Display at 50% off: $10 (Reg. $20) + new Apple Pencil features The Room Three for iOS is now matching its lowest price ever: $2 (Reg. $5) Popular iOS puzzler Shadowmatic drops down to $1 (Reg. $3) Jaybird’s new $130 X3 Bluetooth Sport Headphones are now official & we’re giving them away, enter now! Spigen unveils affordable in-ear Lightning headphones w/ remote + mic, pick up a pair today at 50% off: $24 shipped (Reg. $47) MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: Jackery Aluminum Quick Charge 3.0 Power Banks 10050mAh $22 or 20100mAh $30, more LG 29-Inch UltraWide 1080p Curved Monitor $260, Ruggard Backpack $60, more Today’s Gold Box is loaded with stylish fashion from Tommy Hilfiger, and many more Office Supplies: 72-Pack Prismacolor Colored Pencils $33, 170-Pack Pens $13, more Kryptolok Bicycle U-Lock w/ 4-Foot Flex Cable is back down to $29 (Reg. $35+) Omron’s 7 Series Wrist Blood Pressure Monitor for $42 Prime shipped (Reg. $60) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: The 2nd Gen. Nest Protect Smoke Alarm also detects carbon monoxide, connects via your smartphone: $81 (Reg. $99) Refresh all of your tech accessories w/ exclusive savings on Anker power banks, cables, chargers: deals from $8 Prime shipped August 2nd Gen. HomeKit Smart Lock: $194 (Reg. $230) ZeroLemon’s iPhone 7  Slim Battery Case for $30 Aukey car mounts for only $5 (Reg. $9), more Vantrue’s latest N1 Dash Cam for just $65 Canon’s latest camera sale extra 15% off Timbuk2 brings 30% off: messenger bags $44, more Free PS Plus Games for November LEGO Creator 3,000-pc Sydney Opera House $248 AmazonBasics Adjustable Jump Rope for under $3 Merrell Parkton Trekker Waterproof boots: $50 shipped Black + Decker 4-Slice Toaster Oven for just $23 (Reg. $30+) Anker Car Mounts iPhone 7/Plus from $8 Prime shipped Two 2nd-Gen Amazon Echo Dots for $81 (Reg. $100) 3-pack Etekcity Wireless Remote Outlets $14, more 12-Pack Zebra Stainless Steel Pens $9.50 (Reg. $15+), more 8000mAh Car Jump Starter/Power Bank $32 (Reg. $40), more Verizon offers a free NBA League Pass subscription Nike is taking an extra 20% off all clearance items Halloween freebies at Chipotle and Krispy Kreme AmazonBasics Explorer Backpack: $15 Reg. $30) Pick up a MacBook felt sleeve for as little as $5 Office Supplies: 14-Pads Post-it Notes $6.50, more Get an Audible 2-month trial for free Leviton 24-hour Timer Switch $22, more Morakniv Stainless Steel Swedish Knife for $15 Chicago Cutlery 18-Piece Knife Block Set for $75 Harman Kardon Onyx Speaker (refurb) $70 (Orig. $400) Adobe Photoshop Elements 15 for Mac/PC: $80 (Reg. $100) Gift Cards up to 15% off: Krispy Kreme, more Logitech Circle 1080p wireless security cam: $150 (Reg. $200) Aukey 5-Port Output USB Charger $13 (Reg. $18), more Free Xbox Live Gold for Nov: Murdered Soul, more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Shift Drone uses a unique one-handed remote control to navigate the sky and capture 4K video PlayStation 4 gamers may finally be getting their own version of the Xbox One Elite controller [Gallery] Nomad introduces new ultra-rugged Lightning cables including one with a 2350mAh battery The Immotor Go Electric Scooter has a 20 mile range and iPhone-connectivity Herman Miller unveils the latest iteration of its popular Aeron desk chair, available to order now Loop is a retro-inspired communication device that makes enjoying content simple and easy Beats co-creator Steven Lamar has partnered with Atari for these new in-ear headphones Amazon announces more than 60 new Dash buttons: Coke, Cheez-It, Pop-Tarts, more The latest electric bike from Tern has an impressive foldable design and costs just $3,100 The Airblock Drone has seen huge success on Kickstarter with its modular design Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 57,669 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 45,874 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 31,501 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 27,008 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,767 Dead rodent sewn into woman's new Zara dress: lawsuit 22,513 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy The new MacBook Pro requires $250 worth of dongles By Jacob Siegal, BGR View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 28, 2016 | 12:56pm Modal Trigger Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller highlights the lack of ports in the new Macbook Pro models. Photo: Getty Images Originally Published By: Apple’s new MacBook Pro is stunning. It’s sleeker and smaller than any MBP in history, and it features an OLED touch bar that might make touchscreen computer displays obsolete. But there’s one huge problem with the new MacBook Pro: It has four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, a headphone jack, and nothing else. Don’t miss: The 5 biggest announcements from Apple’s October event You might be asking, “how am I supposed to connect my iPhone to my new MacBook Pro?” The answer is that you’re going to have to buy a dongle. Alright, no big deal, but you’re also an avid photographer, and the easiest way to upload your photos is by sticking your SD card into the slot on your laptop. Unfortunately, there is no such slot on the new MacBook Pro, so there’s dongle #2. What about an Ethernet port, or an HDMI port or a VGA port or even a port for your old Thunderbolt 2 devices? You guessed it — you’re going to need to pick up adapters with those ports if you want to connect devices that require them. After searching through Apple’s online store, I managed to find five different adapters that should get you back on track. There’s the USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter ($69.00) with an HDMI port and a standard USB port. Then there’s the SanDisk Extreme Pro SD UHS-II Card USB-C Reader ($49.95) for your SD cards. You might also need the Belkin USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter ($34.95), because wireless internet isn’t always dependable. Oh, and who could forget the Belkin USB-C to VGA Adapter ($39.95), for those who prefer to use other monitors. Last, but certainly not least, how are you going to connect your old Thunderbolt 2 devices without the Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter ($49.00). And depending on what you want to do with your MacBook Pro, you might need even more dongles. Adding all of those dongles and adapters to my bag at Apple.com, the total came out to $264.40. But hey, at least there’s free shipping! Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on BGR. Filed under apple ,  computers ,  gadgets Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Controversial app alerts vigilantes to nearby crimes Read Next Controversial app alerts vigilantes to nearby crimes Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 57,418 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 45,778 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 31,359 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Now On John Oliver Has A Complete Meltdown Over Trump Election Results SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Why Do Different Companies Have Different Fiscal Years? Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 28, 2016 12:19pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Small Caps Lead As Stocks Trade Mixed; Did Apple Trigger A Sell Signal? (Investor's Business Daily) Related ADBE Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Jumps Over 250 Points; Novavax Shares Slide 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday Third-quarter earnings season is underway. But, as many astute traders are sure to have noted, certain companies tend to report quarterly results for different periods (say, Q2 or Q4). The majority of public companies end their financial year on December 31, which is also the end of the calendar year. GAAP requires companies to report in a way that matches up with their operations. But, some companies have different fiscal year endings. Fiscal year is nothing but the 12-month accounting period of a company. For context, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently reported its financial numbers for its fourth quarter. Its fiscal year ends in September. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), with its FY ending in June, reported its performance stats for first quarter most recently. And Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ: ADBE)’ fiscal year ends in November and will report its fourth-quarter results on December 15. Generally, companies prefer their fourth quarter to be the strongest quarter so they can end the year on a high note, as it also acts as a positive sentiment for stock prices. But, companies can choose their fiscal year according to their business needs, but they should inform the same to regulators at the time of incorporation. However, if they opt for a fiscal year, they need to stick to that reporting period. In other words, they cannot change their fiscal year every year. The key reason for companies choosing different fiscal year-ends is the seasonal fluctuations of the businesses they operate and the availability of supplies. By choosing their fiscal year, they can limit the negative seasonal impact that happen within their specific industries. For instance, most retailers opt to end their fiscal year in January, as they get a major portion of revenue in the month of December thanks to the holiday shopping season. Furthermore, it would be tough to prepare the financial statements for the entire year during that peak selling season. Similarly, revenue for some tech companies will be skewed toward the back half of the year. Some companies get their major revenues only after summer and such firms opt for an October fiscal year end, which gives accountants ample time to prepare financial statements and set budgets for the next year. In addition, companies that depend on U.S. government contracts might choose a September 30 year-end to coincide with the federal government's year end. Some companies opt for a different fiscal year to cut auditing costs and ensure the availability of accounting firms, which would be very busy during January, February and March when most companies are closing and auditing their books. Apart from seasonal reasons, the start date of a company plays a crucial role in determining the fiscal year. For example, if a company starts in October, it might want to end the year on October to gauge the income and expense for one full year. Posted-In: calendar year fiscal yearEducation General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + ADBE) The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter: 'Machine Learning Is Like A Quicksand' Can You Guess This Chart? Apple Offering Another Buying Opportunity After Recent Selloff Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Jumps Over 250 Points; Novavax Shares Slide View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 EBIO, BDC: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 CRCM, ANGI: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Ral... 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 RGR, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tr... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respon... 6 AAP, ACM: Must Watch Stocks for November 14, 2016 7 TAP, HINKY: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Bey... 1 USDA Export Inspections; Corn Futures Lower 2 Stock Index Futures Mostly Lower 3 ETP, SUN: Optimism In MLPs: U.S. Elections A Huge Positive 4 DIS: Disney's Management Calls 2017 Revenue Headwinds An 'Anomal... 5 PTCT: Credit Suisse Upgrade Keeps The Rally Going In PTC Therapeutics 6 LOCK, EXPGY: LifeLock's Stock Rallied 8% Amid Takeover Report;... 7 FFIN, PFBC: Top Performing Industries For November 14, 2016 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Amazon's Price Target Reduced To A Measly $1,000 At Credit Suisse MacBook Refresh Good For Apple's Ecosystem
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → TV App Goes Part Way Towards Being a True Apple TV Unified Viewing Experience Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 28th, 2016 10:52 AM EST | Analysis Apple started off its “hello again” media event with a new unified content viewing app called TV. The app is designed for Apple TV, iPad, and iPhone, and lets you see all of the shows you watch in a single interface instead of jumping around to different apps. That sounds great, but TV isn’t the holy grail of single-point content viewing Apple TV users are looking for—at least not yet. The new TV app for Apple TV shows what you’re currently watching, upcoming episodes, and suggestions TV updates to display the shows you’re currently watching, along with future episodes. It also shows movies and music, along with the contents of your iTunes library, and can make recommendations for other shows and movies to watch based on your viewing history. The good news is that TV finally addresses Apple TV’s app-centric instead of content-centric viewing by giving us a single place to go for the shows, movies, and music we’re enjoying right now. The bad news is that content providers have to opt in to Apple’s TV app, and Netflix hasn’t signed on. TV won’t be released until the end of the year, so there’s still time for Netflix to get onboard before then—and hopefully the company will. At this point, Netflix is debating whether or not to toss its hat into the TV app ring. Company spokesperson Smita Saran told Wired, “I can confirm we are not participating and evaluating the opportunity.” Sorry TV, no Netflix for you Netflix’s absence from TV means that one of the biggest streaming content providers still requires viewers to jump between apps, and that kind of defeats the purpose of the app. Sure, you can see your HBO Now and iTunes shows, but TV won’t be the go-to place for everything you watch. In other words, Apple TV is still an app-centric viewing experience, but not quite as much as it was before. Netflix could be holding out because it wants to control the viewing experience, or is concerned about what data will be shared with Apple. That sounds good, but considering Netflix already does something similar on other platforms, it’s a hard pill to swallow. Despite Netflix’s current evaluation status, Apple is betting TV is the app Apple TV users will want. Once the app rolls out in a software update later this year, they TV button on the Apple TV remote will launch the app instead of taking users to the Home screen. The update will also finally give us the long-promised single sign-on feature so users don’t have to enter their cable TV account credentials in every channel viewing app. Siri will get a boost, too, making it easier to find and watch live shows by talking instead of typing and tapping. No Amazon Prime on TV, either Amazon Prime is still missing from the mix, too, although that’s not much of a surprise since Amazon refuses to bring the service to Apple TV. Your big screen options for Prime content are an Amazon Fire Stick, or AirPlay streaming from the Prime app on your iPhone or iPad. No Prime app means Apple TV users are multi-device viewers, and not just multi-app viewers. That’s not an end of the world problem, but it is an extra inconvenience that’ll keep some people from cutting their cable TV cord. Still, getting Netflix on board will go a long way towards making Apple TV the cord cutter’s dream we want it to be. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit 5 Comments Add a comment kevinlane October 28, 2016 Amazon Prime is still missing from the mix, too, although that’s not much of a surprise since Amazon refuses to bring the service to Apple TV. Your big screen options for Prime content are an Amazon Fire Stick, or AirPlay streaming from the Prime app on your iPhone or iPad. Or buy a smart TV with the Amazon app on it. Of course, I would rather have the Amazon experience through my Apple TV, but at least this way I don’t need a Fire Stick or Airplay. October 28, 2016 at 11:59 EST AM skipaq October 28, 2016 I hope Netflix gets onboard. Amazon Prime is not something that we use; so it only matters to me as a check mark feature listing. Apple says the future of TV is Apps. If that is true then it is true only by virtue of content providers cramming it down our throats. Maybe we can just hide all the content Apps and use the TV App as if it stood alone. October 28, 2016 at 12:44 EST PM CCardona October 28, 2016 Or my OWN CONTENT that’s NOT bought from Apple, or someone else? Why is no one talking about that? Am I the only one who has music, movies and TV Shows that you didn’t get from Apple? Why can’t I see those on the TV app (I bet you can’t, right?) Also, why can’t I just search for my own content and go right to where I left off, instead of having to scroll thru the list of 900 items (I have 900 movies, yes, in Genres, but that’s still 250 in Kids & Family!) October 28, 2016 at 12:52 EST PM bbh October 29, 2016 Not to get your hopes up, but I think I just read somewhere that the app does access your stored content. October 29, 2016 at 1:27 EST PM bbh October 29, 2016 Not to get your hopes up, but I think I just read somewhere that the app does access your stored content. As an aside, I wish the powers that be would work out the Amazon smazzle. They have some very good original content, e.g., The Man in the High Castle, and as part of their “Prime” shipping deal, its a pretty good value. October 29, 2016 at 1:29 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5744 Jeff Gamet analysis 5 1477651971 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News ATTO Technology Announces Support for Thunderbolt™ 3 for Mac® Platforms   <!– a href="/advertise.php" title="Tired of Google arrogant behavior, questionable practices and constant revenue decrease" alt="Tired of Google arrogant behavior, questionable practices and constant revenue decrease" target=_new> –> ATTO Technology, Inc continues to build on its long partnership with Apple technology innovations by announcing its plan to support Thunderbolt™ 3 for Mac platforms. “Our announcement of Thunderbolt 3 support for Apple’s newest platforms is proof of ATTO’s commitment to provide the most reliable products powering high-performance audio and video workflows,” said Tim Klein, CEO of ATTO Technology. “We’ve been pleased to support Mac platforms through the development of Thunderbolt 2 technology and look forward to offering customers the industry’s first in what will be a comprehensive line of Apple approved Thunderbolt 3 devices, beginning with Thunderbolt 3 to 40Gb Ethernet, 10Gb Ethernet, 32Gb Fibre Channel and 16Gb Fibre Channel.” With nearly 30 years of experience powering high-performance workflows, ATTO’s network and storage connectivity products address all aspects of media production and support each step in the process from content creation to delivery. Apple has long been a platform of choice for creative professionals. New applications such as 4K digital video production and editing now bring challenges including greatly expanded file sizes, project complexity and storage footprint. ATTO continues to innovate and provide solutions to power these and other high-performance environments, including the most demanding applications used for government and education and scientific research. Featuring a complete portfolio of low-profile Thunderbolt 2 to 10GbE, Fibre Channel, SAS/SATA and SAS RAID devices, ATTO continues to provide the only full line of Thunderbolt 2 devices for storage and network connectivity on the market. ATTO Thunderbolt devices are ideal for creative professionals who need access to external storage and networks for I/O demanding applications such as data back-up and restoration, video-on-demand and video streaming as well as 2K, 4K and ultra-high-definition video post-production workflows. ATTO’s consistent support for Apple recognizes the need to keep pace with the latest technology for accessing high-performance storage and networks. ATTO products are available for purchase through leading resellers, systems integrators, OEMs and the ATTO webstore. Learn more at attotech.com/products/thunderbolt-devices. About ATTO For nearly 30 years, ATTO Technology, Inc. (atto.com), has been a global leader across the IT and media and entertainment markets, specializing in storage and network connectivity and infrastructure solutions for the most data-intensive computing environments. ATTO works collaboratively with partners to deliver a wide range of end-to-end, customized solutions to better store, manage and deliver big data. With a focus toward markets that require higher performance and with a dedication to working as an extension of customer’s design teams, ATTO manufactures host and RAID adapters, network adapters, storage controllers, Thunderbolt-enabled devices, switches and software. ATTO solutions provide a high level of connectivity to all storage interfaces, including Fibre Channel, SAS, SATA, iSCSI, 40/10GbE, FCoE and Thunderbolt. Distributing its cutting-edge products worldwide through Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), systems integrators, value added resellers (VARs) and authorized resellers, ATTO is the Power Behind the Storage. All trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies. Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the US and other countries. Author adminPosted on October 28, 2016October 28, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: NEC Establishes Security Operations Center in Austria Next Next post: STLRestaurant.News Published An Article Announcing Charlie Gitto’s As The #1 Italian Restaurant in St. Louis, MO Search for: Search Recent Posts Indian Steel Industry 2016-2020 Global Text-to-speech Education Technology Market 2016-2020 MB Financial, Inc. Approves Dividend on its Common Stock Global Tightening Cream Market 2016-2020 American Diabetes Association Raises Urgency of Global Epidemic on World Diabetes Day and Throughout American Diabetes Month® Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums LG UltraFine 4K and 5K displays are the new Apple monitors by Zak Killian  11:00 AM on October 28, 2016 In case you weren't aware, Apple tends to release new monitors to go along with new devices. The refreshed MacBook Pro announcement yesterday didn't include any monitors with Apple's name on them, though. The honors were given to a pair of LG displays called "UltraFine," which the company says were designed specifically for the new MacBooks. The UltraFine displays are available in 21.5" size with DCI 4K resolution and as a 27" variant with 5K resolution. The 21.5" model uses a 4096x2304 IPS panel that Apple says supports "millions" of colors, which seems to imply it's a 8-bit unit. Meanwhile, the 27" model 5120x2880 panel supports "billions" of colors, indicating what's likely a 10-bit panel. LG says that either monitor can reproduce 99% of the DCI-P3 color space, and that maximum brightness should reach an impressive 500 cd/m². Both monitors can charge attached laptops, and include speakers and VESA mounts. The 4K monitor differs from its larger sibling in a few other ways. The smaller monitor uses DisplayPort over a USB Type-C connector for input duties, and has three USB 2.0 Type-C ports for connecting other devices. In contrast, the 5K display requires a Thunderbolt connection, no doubt thanks to its higher resolution. Its triad of onboard USB Type-C ports are of the USB 3.0 variety. The larger display also includes a built-in camera. The UltraFine displays are only available from Apple for now, and the sultans of style want $700 for the 21.5" 4K model. Apple's site says that current orders for that monitor should be shipping in five to six weeks. Meanwhile, the 27" UltraFine 5K monitor isn't yet available for purchase, but will go for $1300 and arrive early December. Tags: Displays Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Oct 29, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple unveils non-screen touch function on laptop NY Times News Service, CUPERTINO, California An attendee demonstrates the Touch Bar on a new MacBook Pro laptop at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California, on Thursday. Photo: Bloomberg Apple Inc’s high-end laptop, the MacBook Pro, which has not had a major overhaul in four years, is getting a little more like the iPhone. Apple on Thursday showed off new MacBook Pros that feature the Touch Bar, a touch-screen strip at the top of the keyboard that changes to display functions specific to the app being used. The company also added its Touch ID function to the power button of the computers, allowing users to unlock the device or buy something with Apple Pay with the touch of a finger. Both features are adapted from the iPhone, continuing Apple’s pattern of adding to its laptops features that make its smartphones popular. Last month, Apple released a software update that put its Siri voice assistant on the Mac. “Mobile has focused us on simplicity,” said Julie Ask, a technology analyst at research firm Forrester. Apple executives announced the new MacBooks at a news conference at the company’s headquarters in Cupertino, California. Two days earlier, Apple reported declining revenue and profits for the quarter that ended last month. The number of Macs sold in the quarter dropped 14 percent compared with a year earlier. The company is hoping that its new iPhones and other products, like the updated MacBooks, will return it to growth during holiday season. The new MacBooks, which are thinner, lighter and faster than previous models, are primarily aimed at business customers and others who spend a lot of time on their computers, said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. “It’s about getting stuff done,” Dawson said. The cheapest model with the new Touch Bar, a 13-inch machine, is US$1,800, and the 15-inch version starts at US$2,400. Apple’s least expensive laptop, the ultralight Air, is unchanged and costs US$1,000, while competitors’ machines running Microsoft Corp’s Windows typically cost US$500 or less. Dawson said Apple’s strategy of putting more touch features on the keyboard is in sharp contrast to Microsoft, which on Wednesday unveiled a new desktop PC with powerful touch features on the display. “Apple wants you to keep your hands where they are,” he said. The Touch Bar replaces the function keys at the top of the current laptop keyboards and pops up customized functions depending on the app. In Apple’s Photos app, for example, it allows users to perform simple editing and play videos. In the Mail app, the touch screen shows reply options, automatically suggests words and phrases and shows a menu of the user’s commonly used emoji. “I do think it’s worth a moment for a requiem for the function key,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, after unveiling the Touch Bar. The new laptops immediately drew some complaints because they use a newer type of port, USB-C, that requires adapters to work with older accessories. Apple did keep the traditional headphone jack on the Macs, unlike its new iPhone 7 line. Apple also previewed a new app for its Apple TV set-top box, as well as iPhones and iPads. Called simply TV, the app, which is to be released in December, will allow users to see in one place their favorite shows from the other video apps on their device. This story has been viewed 1115 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-08 to 2016-11-15 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 Group has no right to Taipei building: DPP 3 HK lawyers march against NPC ruling 4 Trump triumphs 5 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 4 Xi’s greatness depends on Taiwan 5 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Today's Apple Event Focused on the All-New 'Touch Bar' for MacBook Pro | Main | Oppo Flies to top Smartphone Vendor in China for Q3 with Apple landing in Fifth Spot » October 28, 2016 Apple Executives Continue to Hold the Philosophy that Touch Screens Aren't Right, but Not Everyone Agrees   In an interview this week talking about the new MacBook Pro, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, and Craig Federighi, senior vice president of software engineering, said the long wait for the MacBook Pro (four years, four months and 16 days to be exact) had to do with making sure the revamp wasn't just a "speed bump" with faster chips and memory. They were after a "big, big step forward." Still, many think that was a ridiculous amount of time to deliver an update and the rest of the Mac line-up is still late.     C/Net's Dan Ackerman talking about the new 'Touch Bar' stated that "By default, the Touch Bar displays a command strip view with brightness, volume and other system control functions. When another Apple app is launched, including Photos, Mail or Safari, the command buttons roll up to the far right side of the strip, leaving the rest of the space free for app-specific commands, which can take the form of buttons, sliders or dials.   a jog wheel for rotating photos in Apple's Photos app, suggested words and corrected spellings in Mail, and a tiny display of open tabs in Safari.   The Messages app naturally gives you a menu of emojis. Other programs, including Adobe's Photoshop, will support Touch Bar, which seems especially relevant for design and creativity apps.   Future support from third-party apps and websites will make or break the Touch Bar. I'm eager to see what it can do when teamed with apps like Netflix or Spotify, which could hypothetically let you fast-forward through a movie or song with the slide of a finger.   Federighi says the Touch Bar will make it easier to find and use features often buried in rarely accessed software submenus. "Some of these apps have a lot of power that is often hidden behind menus and things, that they can surface contextually on the Touch Bar, which is so powerful."   Of course, ditching that function key row claimed another casualty: the escape key. But the good news is that at least one of the customized Touch Bar designs already had a "soft" escape key right where we still expected it." You could read Dan Ackerman's full positive report about the new MacBook Pro here.   In a second and more in-depth report, C/Net notes that "A Touch Bar instead of a full-on touchscreen means disappointment for anyone hoping for iPads and MacBooks to merge into some new mobile gadget. According to the Schiller, Federighi and Ive, 'That's just not happening. It's not because Apple can't make a touchscreen Mac. It's because Apple decided a touchscreen on a Mac wasn't particularly useful.' And on the MacBook Pro, which keeps getting thinner and lighter, it could be "a burden'" added Ive.    Ive continued by saying that "Doing something that's different is actually relatively easy and relatively fast, and that's tempting." Apple decided against touchscreens for the Mac "many, many" years ago. You can become fairly comfortable that you have a design direction that's compelling. But if you can't work out how you can refine that without compromising the final product, you can still undermine a big idea."   C/Net's report went on to say that "Even so, Apple realizes it's hard to know whether to opt for a laptop or tablet, particularly when you compare, say, the 12-inch MacBook and comparably equipped 12.9-inch iPad Pro (with a detachable keyboard and stylus). They cost about the same at nearly $1,300."   That's why the Microsoft Surface Book is beginning to gain some ground. With a few important and needed software updates to work out initial problems and a new hardware update this week, the Surface Book is very appealing to many as a notebook and tablet combination. While Windows 8 was a nightmare, Windows 10 now works well as a desktop and tablet OS. And with the Surface Book option of adding an Nvidia graphics card, many artists are being tempted to going back to a Windows notebook.   C/Net's report supported that by noting that "Apple does have to worry about losing its most ardent user base — creative types — to PCs and tablets running Microsoft's Windows software. "Apple has definitely left their customers behind in the last four years in not having updated over that period," says Brian Hall, corporate vice president of marketing for Microsoft devices. "They're just following right now."   That's just what you'd expect Microsoft to say. But some creatives told C/Net that Apple's slow pace of upgrades convinced them to abandon Macs. Dawnrunner, a San Francisco video production company, previously used MacBook Pros and Mac Pro desktops. It ditched them six years ago for Dell PCs. "We need nimble machines that are as powerful as they can be," CEO James Fox says. For Dawnrunner, "the Mac fell short for processing production-quality video, fast."   The war between Apple and Microsoft notebooks is just beginning to heat up. While the MacBook still wins against the Surface Book in tough reviews while admitting that the Surface Book offers great value, Microsoft has decided to tempt MacBook users to make the switch to Surface Book by offering huge trade-in discounts.   Microsoft said yesterday that "If you have a Mac but want to experience the ultimate laptop with on-screen touch, Surface and Microsoft Store are here for you.Starting today, anyone in the US can trade in their MacBook Pro or MacBook Air at a Microsoft Store or online for up to $650 off a Surface Book or Surface Pro."   Microsoft also launched a new switchers webpage dedicated to those wanting to make the switch from a MacBook to a Surface Book with tips for Mac users and an insurance that Surface works with iPhone and favorite apps including iTunes and iCloud.   In the end, Apple continues to go against the grain of implementing a touch display on Macs and most Apple fans have gone along with that philosophy. Over at MacDailyNews, the reactions of die-hard Apple fans could be read in their report titled "Apple does touch right and, as usual, Microsoft does it wrong." Even though fingerprint smears are all over an iPad Pro every day when using it, this oddly becomes a huge issue with Apple fans when criticizing fingerprints on a Surface Book or Surface Studio.    Over at The Verge, that is somewhat neutral on Apple, they did a survey this morning with the question: Which device does touch better – MacBook Pro or Surface Studio PC? The results as of 8 a.m. PST are clocked in and readers voted that the Surface Studio PC wins hands down. That's completely opposite to what's found in MacDailyNews report. So it really all depends on what camp you're in or listen to.   After using an iPad for years, I find myself at times reaching out to my iMac display to touch it only to laugh. I do the same on my PC that doesn't have a touch display. I don't see the crime in adding touch to a Mac's display but Apple says no so I live with it, but it doesn't necessarily "make it right." I'm not an engineer or a comic book creator or an artist who love what Microsoft's Surface Studio brings to the table. You have to see them working with it to realize, there is a niche of users where the Surface Studio will meet their needs more than a Mac. If it weren't so expensive I'd be tempted to buy one, but it's just out of my desktop budget. But it's a budget thing, not a philosophical issue.   Whereas with the MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book, it's a tougher choice. Do I buy a MacBook Pro and iPad Pro or just buy one Surface Book? At the end of the day it's like the U.S. elections. You have die-hard Democrats and die-hard Republicans. But in the end, it's the Independents that both parties have to convince in order to win the race. I know what Apple fans generally think and the same with PC fans. But for someone who has simple computer needs and is able to run macOS, iOS and Windows 10, things aren't always so black and white.   In the end, as an independent, I'll always choose what's right for me and couldn't care less what Apple's philosophy is. Apple makes business decisions that are good for them, not necessarily what's right for their customers. Independents will always go with what tools work best for them and their business. Unfortunately both sides are making it difficult to make a choice. Both sides make convincing arguments. But at the moment, I think there's a little more 'wow' out of a detachable display on a notebook than an added 'Touch Bar.' And remember, this was an Apple idea first. But understandably, the new MacBook Pro with it's Touch Bar is going to win over most Apple fans, especially those who value productivity. It's a real winner, but again, it's not for everyone.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 28, 2016 at 10:37 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A Wall Street analyst savaged Apple's TV strategy Kif Leswing Oct. 28, 2016, 11:50 AM 4,934 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Apple used to say its TV ambitions were a "hobby." Earlier this month, Apple CEO Tim Cook has said "television has intense interest with me and many other people" at Apple.  Apple revealed the next stage of its plan to conquer TV on Thursday: a new app for Apple TV, iPhones, and iPads simply called "TV." Apple says it's designed to tie together different video services and put the content you want to see in one place. At least one Wall Street analyst says cracks are already showing in Apple's plan. Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves and team say Apple's TV strategy "is flawed," "needs a reboot," and "demonstrates the weaknesses of Apple's hand" in a note distributed to investors on Friday.  "We believe its current efforts in TV are flawed and have little potential to develop into a sizable business. A change of direction is likely necessary for consumers, potential partners, and investors to take the company seriously in the space," Hargreaves writes.  The biggest problem Pacific Crest sees with Apple's TV strategy is that it is "not meaningfully different than competitors products" and there's no incentive for the big players in the space — like Netflix or Amazon — to share data or content with Apple.  Apple's TV app does integrate with HBO, Showtime, CBS, and its iTunes video store, but it does not include Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, or YouTube, which Hargreaves points out are the three most-consumed video services in the United States. "The gap in consumption between these services and the ones included in Apple's app is massive," he writes.  In fact, according to bandwidth data from Sandvine, Hargraves estimates the TV app only has content that makes up less than 10% of total streaming consumption.  An alternative strategy  Hargraves sees two ways Apple's TV ambitions can get back on track. It could: Try to integrate linear content — TV watched as scheduled — with on-demand content into a better interface for a subscription-type service. Apple unveiled some features to help surface live video in this TV app, especially sports, but it's primarily a Siri voice-activated feature and not a subscription service.  Buy (or start) a streaming video service "with global scale." Hargreaves doesn't mention any possible targets, except for the market leader, Netflix, but does say that Apple would have to pour billions of dollars into this project to get it off the ground. (Netflix has a market cap of $54 billion and Apple would likely have to pay a premium on top of that to buy it. There is no obvious "Beats" of streaming video to target.) The funny thing is that Apple has tried to build its own linear content-based subscription service from 2011 to 2015, but it was stymied because it could not lock in deals with the content providers, reportedly, because Apple blew the negotiations.  "I find it pretty funny how many people have been calling for a la carte TV, including Tim Cook, and are now wanting all those apps to be put back together into one point of interaction, or 'guide.' The big cable bundle has been successful for a reason," Hargreaves said.  Pacific Crest gives Apple a 12-month price target of $129.  NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Apple TV Pacific Crest facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A Wall Street analyst savaged Apple's TV strategy A Wall Street analyst savaged Apple's TV strategy Apple used to say its TV ambitions were a... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 27,6K 78,4K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: Apple macOS 10.12.1 Door Bart van Klaveren, vrijdag 28 oktober 2016 18:18, 40 reacties • Feedback Bron: Apple, submitter: wimmel_1 Apple heeft een update uitgebracht voor macOS 10.12, beter bekend als Sierra. In versie 10.12, die gratis vanuit de Apple Store opgehaald kan worden, kan nu ook van de uit iOS bekende persoonlijke assistent Siri gebruik gemaakt worden. Verder zijn er diverse verbeteringen aan iCloud aangebracht en is de samenwerking tussen macOS, iOS en de Apple Watch verbeterd. De belangrijkste verbeteringen die in deze update zijn aangebacht zijn hieronder voor je op een rijtje gezet. About the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update Adds an automatic smart album in Photos for Depth Effect images taken on iPhone 7 Plus. Improves the compatibility of Microsoft Office when using iCloud Desktop and Documents. Fixes an issue that may prevent Mail from updating when using a Microsoft Exchange account. Fixes an issue that caused text to sometimes paste incorrectly when using Universal Clipboard. Improves reliability of Auto Unlock with Apple Watch. Improves security and stability in Safari. Fixes an issue that may cause Mail to display unnecessary password prompts for AOL accounts. Improves compatibility with Fujitsu's ScanSnap scanning software. Addresses a “Filter Failed” error when printing to some Canon printers. Fixes an issue that may prevent Grapher files from opening. Brings back the Safari option to "never use font sizes smaller than” for displaying fonts on webpages. For detailed information about the security content of this update, please visit this page. Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ GeForce Game Ready Driver 375.70 WHQL XnView 2.38 Lees meer over Apple macOS geen prijs bekend Besturingssystemen Apple Versienummer: 10.12.1 Releasestatus: Final Besturingssystemen: macOS Website: Apple Download: https://itunes.apple.com/nl/app/macos-sierra/id1127487414?mt=12&l=nl-nl&ls=1 Licentietype: Freeware Updategeschiedenis 28-10 Apple macOS 10.12.1 19-07 Apple OS X 10.11.6 17-05 Apple OS X 10.11.5 22-03 Apple OS X 10.11.4 01-'16 Apple OS X 10.11.3 08-'15 Apple OS X 10.10.5 07-'15 Apple OS X 10.10.4 01-'15 Apple OS X 10.10.2 11-'14 Apple OS X 10.10.1 09-'14 Apple OS X 10.9.5 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (40) -140034+118+22+30Ongemodereerd0 +2 weeraanmelden 28 oktober 2016 22:19 Improves security and stability in Safari. Het goede nieuws is dat - lig bij mij en menige op apple.com fora - het probleem dat safari je Mac liet vastlopen, nu eindelijk over is. Heeft pas 2 jaar geduurd... Sinds de 10.12.1 GM Beta (beta 5) geen vastlopers meer gehad. En daarvoor 2/3x random per dag. Reageer +1 mkools24 @weeraanmelden • 29 oktober 2016 09:50 En dan heb je 2 jaar lang gewoon al die tijd safari gebruikt en de vastlopers voor lief genomen? Reageer +1 page404 @weeraanmelden • 29 oktober 2016 19:52 Hhmm, dat is een probleem wat ik niet ken of herken. Vervelend voor jou, maar het lijkt een vrij geisoleerd iets te zijn. Reageer +1 Takenzo 28 oktober 2016 20:09 Helaas werkt unlocken met Apple watch bij mij nog steeds niet. Hoogstens 1 op de 50x. Had hoge verwachtingen van deze update over deze feature. Helaas. Reageer 0 BikkelZ @Takenzo • 28 oktober 2016 21:17 Welke hardware heb je? Reageer +1 Peshmerge @BikkelZ • 29 oktober 2016 09:49 Ik heb een iMac 27" 2013 met 16gb werk geheugen, standaard werd die met 8gb geleverd. Mij is toen verteld dat de geheugen op de moederbord geïntrigeerd zou zijn dus later niet uit te breiden kon worden. Vandaar dat ik 16gb genomen heb. Maar klopt dit wel? En geldt dat ook voor de video kaart? Reageer +2 TonnyTonny @Peshmerge • 29 oktober 2016 13:28 Video zit geintegreerd. Geheugen kun je wel zelf upgraden. Ik heb de mijne met 8 gekocht en er 2x8 bijgezet voor 24 totaal. Apple meer-prijs voor 16 ipv 8 was duurder dan zelf 16G extra aanschaffen. Dat was me toch echt te gek. Klepje zit wat onhandig onder de voet en je moet het via de power-stekker open duwen. (Stekker er uit. in de plug zit een opening waarlangs je het klepje open duwt.) Er zijn 4 SO-DIMM slots waarvan in de standaard 8G uitvoering er 2 bezet zijn (2x4G). Als je hem met 16 koopt zit er waarschinlijk 4x4G in. Maximum config is 4x8G. Je huidige config kun je makkelijk zien in "About this Mac" Sytem Config onder de Memeory sectie. Staat het precies in. De SO-DIMMs zitten in een speciaal frame dat kantelt. Instructies zijn makkelijk op internet te vinden hoe je ze vervangt. Is een beetje gepruts omdat je er slecht bij kunt en je eigen handen in de weg zitten zodat je niet goed kunt zien wat je doet. Let wel erg op!!!!. De achterste SO-DIMM zit erg dicht op het metalen frame van het kantel-mechanisme. In mijn Mac bleek dat frame lichtjes verbogen te zijn, waardoor hij de achterste DIMM fysiek raakte. Dat veroorzaakte kortsluiting. Ging niks van kapot maar die DIMM deed het niet. Dacht eerst dat ik een DOA had. Na het frame voorzichting een millimeter terug gebogen te hebben werkte alles als een zonnetje. (Nog steeds. Type dit op diezelfde iMac :-).) Reageer +1 Peshmerge @TonnyTonny • 29 oktober 2016 14:25 Ik denk dat ik 2x 8 heb. Ik zal van de week even kijken. Bedankt voor duidelijke uitleg Reageer 0 Takenzo @BikkelZ • 28 oktober 2016 21:46 15 inch MBP retina uit 2013 icm apple watch series 1 en iphone 6s. Reageer 0 BikkelZ @Takenzo • 28 oktober 2016 22:34 En dingen als Handoff of AirDrop werken dan meestal wel? Ik heb het idee dat AirDrop steeds beter werkt bij mij en volgens mij werkt het op de zelfde manier. [Reactie gewijzigd door BikkelZ op 28 oktober 2016 22:35] Reageer +1 WhatsappHack Apple @Takenzo • 29 oktober 2016 01:01 Ik gebruik daarvoor MacID, werkt veel prettiger imho. Reageer +1 Volkan1984 @Takenzo • 29 oktober 2016 09:54 Werkt bij mij altijd. Moest wel de boel opnieuw installeren alvorens alles goed werkte. Reageer +1 Vinzz 28 oktober 2016 19:17 Is de naam veranderd sinds laatste update? Reageer +1 biteMark @Vinzz • 28 oktober 2016 19:35 Op zich is dat vrij groot in de tech-media geweest maar ja, de naam is terug veranderd naar Mac OS om meer in lijn te zijn met Apple's andere besturingssystemen. Reageer +1 Loller1 Besturingssystemen @biteMark • 28 oktober 2016 21:59 Eigenlijk is de naam "macOS", niet "Mac OS", dat is iets anders. Reageer +1 Keypunchie @Vinzz • 28 oktober 2016 19:53 de idee is dat je watchOS, iOS, tvOS en nu dus ook macOS hebt. De naamgeving is met Sierra een beetje in lijn gebracht. En OS X was ook wel een beetje oud aan het worden, als naam. Reageer 0 Volkan1984 @Keypunchie • 28 oktober 2016 20:47 Goede reactie maar het is het idee. Reageer 0 Peterke30 @Volkan1984 • 28 oktober 2016 21:00 Absoluut niet, DE idee is juist, maar omdat bijna niemand dat gebruikte mag het idee ook, sinds een aantal jaar Uit het groene boekje : http://woordenlijst.org/#/?q=idee [Reactie gewijzigd door Peterke30 op 28 oktober 2016 21:07] Reageer 0 Volkan1984 @Peterke30 • 28 oktober 2016 21:10 Wat jij zegt is ook weer niet helemaal juist (al heb je gelijk dat de/ het idee allebei kan). Zie https://onzetaal.nl/taaladvies/de-het-idee. Reageer 0 Dreamvoid Besturingssystemen @Volkan1984 • 29 oktober 2016 14:12 De idee als het over een filosofisch concept gaat, het idee voor alles in het normale taalgebruik. Zie ook de/het mens, kan allebei maar heeft een verschillende betekenis. Reageer 0 LarBor @Peterke30 • 29 oktober 2016 09:19 Het is allebei fout, want de/het staat aan het begin van de zin, dus je had een hoofdletter moeten gebruiken. En dat allemaal voor mijn eerste bak koffie. Reageer 0 Didyoumeetmax? @Volkan1984 • 28 oktober 2016 21:18 de idee stoel Reageer +1 Flytezero 28 oktober 2016 20:59 Het zou fijn zijn als het nu is duidelijk wordt waarom SMB niet altijd even goed werkt. En dat er samen met Display Link gewerkt wordt aan een oplossing: http://support.displaylin...ylink-on-macos-10-12-sier [Reactie gewijzigd door Flytezero op 28 oktober 2016 21:01] Reageer +1 toet-toet @Flytezero • 29 oktober 2016 01:22 toet-toet in 'downloads: Apple OS X 10.11.6' Reageer +1 Flytezero @toet-toet • 29 oktober 2016 12:28 Dank je voor je reactie, klopt het dat de file /etc/nsmb.conf standaard niet bestaat ? Sierra 10.12.1 Update, heb het gewoon doorgevoerd en inderdaad wat een snelheid nu met verbinden. Maandag eens op de andere mac testen naar een grote Nas met veel folders. You are my hero! [Reactie gewijzigd door Flytezero op 29 oktober 2016 12:39] Reageer +1 toet-toet @Flytezero • 29 oktober 2016 14:07 Hier nog een link met wat background informatie. Nog steeds relevant ook in macOS Sierra. Het heeft met security te maken ivm een SMB vulnerability waardoor OSX heel frequent client signing afdwingt wat performance kost. Reageer +1 VisionMaster 28 oktober 2016 21:19 Hopelijk neemt het ook een oplossing mee voor hangende browser schermen, zoals met Chrome. Reageer 0 piet_pienter 28 oktober 2016 18:31 Ik had hem 25 okt. al binnen.. beetje laat @Tweakers? Reageer 0 Ashketchum22 @piet_pienter • 28 oktober 2016 18:41 Dat denk ik nu ook, dit was namelijk de update waardoor de foto's "uitgelekt" waren Reageer 0 TonnyTonny @piet_pienter • 28 oktober 2016 19:04 Ik zat ook al te kijken... Alweer een update ? Reageer 0 juju @piet_pienter • 28 oktober 2016 20:42 24 oktober zelfs al: "macOS Sierra 10.12.1 uitgebracht: bugfixes en ondersteuning nieuwe Portret-stand" http://www.iculture.nl/ni...ierra-10-12-1-verschenen/ Reageer 0 boompjes @piet_pienter • 28 oktober 2016 18:33 Volgende keer even doorgeven dan maar Reageer -1 SecretPret @boompjes • 28 oktober 2016 18:41 -1 piet_pienter @SecretPret • 28 oktober 2016 20:38 -1 Fabian85 @piet_pienter • 28 oktober 2016 19:07 -1 mutley69 28 oktober 2016 19:33 0 1973booterror @mutley69 • 28 oktober 2016 22:07 Lezen: gaat om macOS niet om Windows10 , je hebt op verkeerde artikel gedrukt. Reageer 0 page404 @mutley69 • 29 oktober 2016 19:56 Het zou je toch sieren als je dit wil toelichten, want of jij weet dingen die ik in het nieuws gemist heb, of dit is gewoon onzin Reageer -1 weeraanmelden @mutley69 • 28 oktober 2016 22:19 -1 DigitalExcorcist @mutley69 • 29 oktober 2016 07:53 Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: GeForce Game Ready Driver 375.70 WHQL XnView 2.38 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Planet Coaster Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2016 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search MacBook Pro vs Razer Blade Pro: stranger things have happened Chris Burns - Oct 28, 2016 8 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The strangest thing happened yesterday: Apple released a MacBook Pro with a feature I’d have expected from a company like Razer. While Razer just released their own Razer Blade Pro with a 17-inch display and highest-end gear inside, the MacBook Pro had a new, extra display. This display has touch capabilities working with a variety of apps, and will be ready for games (and such) soon. Does this mean that Apple is taking more chances than the proprietors of the gaming cult? Several hours before this article is set to be published, Razer CEO Min-Liang Tan posted the graphic you’re about to see to Facebook. This graphic compared the top-end spec version of the Razer Blade Pro to the top-end spec version of the MacBook Pro. The comparison of one machine to the other is interesting, but in the end, a missed opportunity. SEE: New MacBook Pro hands-on with touchbar The specifications of either of these notebooks is not important to the average consumer. The average consumer sees another side of the notebook – the back. Comparing the back of a Razer notebook to an Apple notebook tells us what sort of person the user is. People aiming to play AAA games on their computer don’t look to the MacBook Pro. They either buy a notebook like what Razer has here, or they buy a desktop machine. I contend that the only sort of person who might be looking at this sort of battle of the best would be a field journalist. Not just any kind of field journalist – one who has to edit video outside the office – away from their desk. If that’s the case, we have another interesting question to ask. Would it be better to have a higher-clocked Intel Core i7 processor, or more RAM to work with? And would having an extra touchscreen to edit video with make the difference? We’re living in an era where the biggest and best names in apps – video editing included – are on OS X and Windows. Users have their preferences for which OS they like best, but the software is available all over. These devices are so similar that it could come down to product support and color choice. Apple has in-store technicians available to fix a broken MacBook Pro. But unless you live in a big city, you’re still going to have to send the notebook in through the mail. If it’s a question of color, Apple has your choice of Silver or Space Gray. But Razer has black – and millions of colors in its keyboard keys. The product best for your needs is the product your more comfortable with using. Both companies create extremely reliable machines, and both create highly robust hardware. Both companies are also very good at making top-end devices look as flashy as possible, so try before you buy. Story Timeline Razer Blade Pro refresh beefed to battle MacBook Pro Apple MacBook Pro event wrap-up: Touch Bar, Apple TV, Touch ID New MacBook Pro hands-on New MacBook Pro 13 first look: Entry-level Touch Bar envy Tags AppleGamingLaptopmacbook pronotebooknotebooksOS Xrazertouchscreen Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Jobs Financial Services Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology How do Apple's MacBook Pro and Microsoft's Surface Book i7 compare?  Macbook Pro 2016 v Surface Book i7 Play! 01:33 Charlotte Krol 28 October 2016 • 4:52pm Apple and Microsoft both revealed their most high end laptops to date this week in a bid to secure position as the leading portable computer maker.  Microsoft first unveiled an upgrade to its Surface Book, which boosts its power and battery life. The following evening, Apple presented its long-awaited MacBook Pro, which has a new touch bar with virtual keys and an in-built fingerprint scanner.  While Microsoft's Surface Book i7 might not feature as many innovative additions as the MacBook Pro, many Apple fans were left disappointed at the price rise and removal of the standard USB port.  The Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro adjusts depending on what program is being used Credit: Apple The 13-inch version of the Pro with the touch bar starts at £1,749, while the 15-inch starts at £2,349, Apple confirmed. By comparison, Microsoft's Surface Book i7 has been described as cheaper and more accessible, while also being praised for its reversible and detachable touchscreen.  Surface Book with detachable screen "We think you are going to love the new MacBook Pro," Mr Cook said as he closed Apple's event. "The new MacBooks are the best notebooks we have ever made, and are the most advanced notebooks ever made." MacBook Pro 2016: key features Play! 01:55 Mr Cook added that the firm was excited to have what he called "the best product line-up ever" going into the Christmas period.  Do you agree with Mr Cook? Watch the video above to see the full break down features between the Macbook Pro 2016 and Surface Book i7.  Is Android better than iOS? Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Microsoft Laptops Windows Apple Show more Technology latest 15 Nov 2016, 12:01am Bad battery life? Your phone's software updates may be to blame 00:40 14 Nov 2016, 5:49pm Who was Sir Frederick Banting and how did he discover that insulin could treat diabetes? 14 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Massive hack on sex hook-up website AdultFriendFinder exposes details of 5.2 million UK accounts 14 Nov 2016, 12:09pm Samsung buys $8bn car tech maker Harman in its biggest ever deal 14 Nov 2016, 11:59am What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 14 Nov 2016, 11:01am Watch Dogs 2 review - Much improved hacker sequel makes a smart statement 4 14 Nov 2016, 7:00am Owlboy review - Gorgeous adventure ten years in the making sets the bar sky-high 5 01:19 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how a touchscreen works 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise 11 Nov 2016, 2:53pm Facebook cracks down on adverts that exclude ethnic minorities Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 1:26pm Gallery: Most important inventions of the 21st Century: in pictures 11 Nov 2016, 11:54am Hijab emoji approved by Unicode 11 Nov 2016, 11:26am Spotify bug killing hard drives with gigabytes of 'junk' data, users claim 11 Nov 2016, 9:55am Mark Zuckerberg rejects 'crazy idea' Facebook influenced US election result Please sign up or log in to be able to comment Sign up Log in Contact us Subscribers Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home 360daily 360daily Features Apple's MacBook Pro 2016, Samsung Reveals Galaxy S8 Features, and More: Your 360 Daily  Ravi Sharma, 28 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Apple announced the MacBook Pro 2016 laptops Samsung teased the features of upcoming Galaxy S8 Government made regional language support a must on mobile phones Today in the world of technology, Apple unveiled its MacBook Pro 2016 laptops, Samsung hinted at the key features of next year's Galaxy S8, and regional language support for mobile phones became mandatory in India. Read on for more top tech news of the day in your Daily 360. Apple unveils MacBook Pro 2016 laptops with Touch Bar, fingerprint sensor Apple has taken the covers off the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro 2016 laptops, which sport the Touch Bar multitouch control strip and Touch ID fingerprint sensor. The Touch Bar, which replaced the Fn keys on the keyboard, is context-sensitive, i.e. it can change function depending on the application being used. For example, it can show emojis, autocomplete word suggestions, image editing tools etc. With the launch of the new laptops, Apple killed off its entry-level 11-inch MacBook Air, non-Retina MacBook Pro as well as the MagSafe Port.Samsung reveals key features of Galaxy S8 Samsung's Vice President for Mobile Communications, Lee Kyeong-tae, in an interview revealed key features of the company's next flagship smartphone, Galaxy S8. The upcoming smartphone will have a "slick design," "improved camera," and "an enhanced artificial intelligence service." The most interesting of the three is the nod to the AI service, which is likely to be powered by Viv Labs, the startup by the makers of Siri that Samsung acquired recently. Government makes Indian language support on all phones mandatory The government has mandated text reading support for all Indian languages as well as typing facility in English, Hindi and a regional language of the user's choice in all mobile phones to be sold in India from July 1, 2017 onward. The new rule applies to both smartphones and feature phones being sold in the country. Smartphone shipments in India rise 23 percent Smartphone shipments in India grew 23 percent annually in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the global smartphone market which grew at five percent, market research firm Counterpoint Research said on Thursday. Further, eight out of every 10 LTE-capable smartphones were VoLTE-ready which is becoming a key feature from marketing perspective for OEMs and carriers, the report said. The top five smartphone brands in India, as per the report, right now are Samsung, Micromax, Lenovo, Lyf, and Xiaomi. Oppo and Vivo were big gainers this quarter, while Intex saw its share of the smartphone market slip. Twitter is killing off Vine A day after it announced that it will lay off 9 percent of its workforce, Twitter said it will discontinue its 6-second video-sharing service Vine. The company said the Vine website would stay live even after the mobile app is discontinued, giving users the chance to download and save any videos. Lyf F1 Plus smartphone goes on sale in India Reliance Retail's smartphone brand Lyf has released the F1 Plus smartphone in the Indian market, in partnership with Snapdeal, at Rs. 13,099. The 4G VoLTE-capable, dual-SIM smartphone has a 5.5-inch full-HD screen, Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, 1.6GHz octa-core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB inbuilt storage, microSD card support up to 128GB, 16-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel front camera, and a 3200mAh battery. WhatsApp gets warning over sharing data with Facebook WhatsApp has received a warning from European Union data protection authorities about its recent change in policy that allows the service to share users' phone numbers with its parent company Facebook. A spokeswoman for WhatsApp said the company was working with data protection authorities to address their questions. The EU watchdogs also wrote to Yahoo over the 2014 data breach that exposed the email credentials of 500 million users, as well as its scanning of customers' incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials. Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro 2016, MacBook Pro, Touch Bar, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Mobile Phones, Smartphones, Micromax, Lenovo, Lyf, Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo, Twitter, Vine, Lyf F1 Plus, WhatsApp, Facebook, Yahoo Windows 10 Creators Update: Top 7 Lesser Known Features Arriving in 2017 MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Apple's MacBook Pro 2016, Samsung Reveals Galaxy S8 Features, and More: Your 360 Daily     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets » Latest Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 ZTE CYMBAL-T Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Intex Aqua Power M Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Reach Cogent N+ In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,999Rs. 2,750 Zen Cinemax 3 In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 7,999Rs. 4,349 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe No, PM Modi's Announcements Are Not Going to Push Digital Payments Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Your Phone May Be Listening to Ultrasonic Signals to Serve Ads Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes Microsoft Visual Studio is Coming to macOS in November Supermoon Can Be Seen Up Close at Nehru Planetarium Paytm Lets You Transfer Money to Your Bank Account With a 1 Percent Fee Google Play Music Revamp Brings Machine Learning Recommendations and More Huawei Launches Mate 9 Pro With Curved Display, Dual Camera Setup Facebook and Twitter Helped Me Win, Says President-Elect Donald Trump Vivo V5 Selfie-Focused Smartphone Set to Launch on Tuesday You Won't Be Able to Buy Ubisoft PC Games on Disc in India Anymore More News TRENDING What Is Supermoon and When Can I See It in India and Other Countries? How to Get Started With WhatsApp Video Calling Xiaomi Claims It Sold 1 Million Redmi 4A Phones on Singles' Day Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes How to Click Supermoon Photographs Like a Pro How eSIM Cards Could Change the World Apple Watch Series 2 Review: The Best Fitness Wearable? OnePlus 3T Launch Teaser Hints at Flagship's Design and Name No, New Rs. 2000 Note Will Not Have a 'Nano GPS Chip' Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Review Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Personal Tech Cynical Apple gouges UK with 20 per cent price hike Wait... That's more than sterling's devaluation 28 Oct 2016 at 16:23, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles Virgin goes 4G with zero-rated Facebook and WhatsApp James Dyson's new startup: A university for engineers that doesn't suck We're great, you don't understand competition law, Google tells Europe Apple has taken advantage of a more competitive sterling exchange rate to hike its computer prices – by far more than sterling fell. Cupertino raised some UK prices by as much as £500. Apple had already raised the prices of its iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch products. Sterling has fallen some 15 per cent from its 1H 2016 average of around $1.45, but Apple's computer prices have risen 20 per cent. But then it wouldn't be Apple if the Apple Tax didn't have an additional Apple SuperTax. The 12in MacBook started at £1,049 yesterday – today the same model starts at £1,249. The most expensive 15.4in MacBook Pro was £2,499. Now it's £2,999. While fanbois rummage down the sofa, economists see the exchange rate correction as a boost for the UK. Sterling had been artificially high for years, with Deutsche Bank last December predicting Sterling would fall to $1.15 in 2017... without Brexit. The IMF's former deputy director Professor Ashok Mody, who negotiated the rescue package for the Irish Republic, and former Bank of England Governer Lord King have both welcomed the more competitive exchange rate. Both point out that the UK economy should be less distorted as a result. "The pound had been driven up to nosebleed levels from 2011 to 2015 by global property speculators and the banking elites acting in destructive synergy, causing serious damage to Britain's manufacturing base and long-term competitiveness," said Mody, cited in the Telegraph (a must read). "History is going to judge that Brexit at last broke the political-economy lock of a British elite wedded to banking interests, even if it happened completely by accident." The UK had a version of Dutch Disease, with an over-reliance on finance capital, and credit-fuelled import consumption. Guardianistas weeping over the fate of the City of London has been one of the stranger aspects of Brexit. But Apple price rises? Not so strange. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 62 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Apple's New MacBook Pro Pulls Out Most of the Stops By Steve Anderson October 28, 2016 Mostly, when people think Apple these days, they think of the mobile devices like the iPhone and the iPad. That's with good reason, too; Apple has effectively built an empire around these systems. Apple's more than that, though, and it's bringing some of that mobile sensibility to its MacBook Pro line, offering up a thinner, lighter laptop with a lot of extra firepower. The 2016 MacBook Pro represents a pretty heavy shift away from the older models; it’s giving the best Apple can offer in laptops more than just minor changes, as has been the case for the last couple of years. First, it's brought metal to all sides in a design that Phil Schiller calls “incredibly extreme.” That's a pretty big change, but there's more going on here; the rumored change that brought the optical LED (OLED) touch strip to the device is in play, and is now known as the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar boasts several options, like a built-in, software-based Esc key, as well as what amounts to its own Retina display. It responds to tap and gesture alike, and even partially connects to a Touch ID fingerprint system similar to that of the iPhone line. It's second-generation, with a sapphire glass cover, which should make it as accurate as possible and still safe to incorporate. There's an improved Force Touch trackpad here as well, that's double the original size if using the 15 inch model, and a second-generation butterfly mechanism keyboard as well. The display has been beefed up with 67 percent greater brightness, 67 percent improvement in contrast ratios, 25 percent more colors, and a 30 percent reduction in power consumption. It's even packing a sixth-generation Intel Core i7 processor, an ATI Radeon Pro graphics card, and several storage options including a two terabyte solid state drive. Battery life on this beast runs up to 10 hours, and the laptop itself weighs only three pounds, measuring just 14.9 mm thick. For anyone who thought that the PC’s day was done, and that laptops would follow close behind as the bulkiest of mobile devices, think again. There are still plenty of laptop users—the article you're reading right this second was typed up on a laptop—who count on these devices for their word processing capability and ability to bring not only a complete storage system, but also a complete network access system, to one platform. Tablets and smartphones are great, but none of them will ever really represent the kind of power and versatility that a laptop can. Sure, they'll likely have the edge in portability, but with Apple offering up a powerhouse at three pounds, that edge may not be around all that much longer either. Granted, price is a concern—the entry-level MacBook Pro runs $1,499—but for those who want a system that will do most anything and go most anywhere, Apple's got a whole new reason to make users think MacBook. Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Steve Anderson Contributing Writer Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone By: Rob Enderle    11/10/2016 The Blackberry DTEK60 is one of two phones I'm testing using the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset and matching radio. The common core features are … Read More PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse By: Rob Enderle    11/9/2016 I'm at DellEMC World this week in Austin and there have been a number of executives speaking to us to start off the event. Jeff Clarke is the Vice Cha… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Doug Mohney Latest Article: Telecom Chip Merger Madness Running Against Open Hardware Tide Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW 10 Hidden Costs of a Premises-Based Phone System DOWNLOAD NOW Data Man: Saving One Network at a Time DOWNLOAD NOW Measuring the Business Benefits of Knowledge Management for Customer Support DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple execs talk pricing, Touch Bar, and more in new interview Apple execs talk pricing, Touch Bar, and more in new interview October 28, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Following the unveiling of the new MacBook Pros to the public, Apple execs Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi, and Jony Ive sat down with CNET for an in-depth interview discussing the company’s new MacBook Pros. Jony Ive starts off by explaining the idea of the Touch Bar, noting that it creates a “very interesting direction” for the laptop, and presumably the rest of Apple’s Mac line. “We unanimously were very compelled by [the Touch Bar] as a direction, based on, one, using it, and also having the sense this is the beginning of a very interesting direction,” Ive said. “But [it] still just marks a beginning. It’s difficult to talk without going into a lot of details… about things that we are working on. I don’t really want to talk much more about it.” Phil Schiller than noted that the Touch bar in many ways is bringing aspects of the iPhone to the Mac. Apple has long been vocal about touch screen Macs and making macOS touch compatible is a dream that’ll never happen. But the Touch Bar, however, is the company’s first step in bringing the best parts of the iPhone to the Mac without fundamentally changing either product. “We did spend a great deal of time looking at this a number of years ago and came to the conclusion that to make the best personal computer, you can’t try to turn MacOS into an iPhone,” Schiller says. “Conversely, you can’t turn iOS into a Mac…. So each one is best at what they’re meant to be — and we take what makes sense to add from each, but without fundamentally changing them so they’re compromised.” One of the biggest complaints customers have said surrounding the new MacBook Pros is the price hike. The newer models are more expensive than the previous generation. Schiller, however, explains that the company didn’t start out with the intention of hiking the prices. Instead, he says that Apple doesn’t design for price, rather design for “the experience.” “But we don’t design for price, we design for the experience and the quality people expect from Mac. Sometimes that means we end up at the higher end of the range, but not on purpose, just because that’s what it costs.” You can read the entire interview on CNET here. Tags: Craig Federighi, Interview, Jony Ive, MacBook Pro, Phil Schiller About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Full keynote video of today’s ‘hello again’ now available to replay New 13-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar shipping times now 4-5 weeks → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech October 28, 2016 10:41 am Hacker who stole nude celebrity photos sentenced to 18 months in prison By Nicole Bogart National Online Journalist, Breaking News  Global News ; FILE - In this Nov. 18, 2015, file photo, actress Jennifer Lawrence attends a special screening of "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2" at the AMC Loews Lincoln Square in New York. Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen The hacker who stole dozens of private nude photos from celebrities, including Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton, before they were leaked online in what became known as “The Fappening” or “Celebgate” has been sentenced to 18-months in a U.S. federal prison. Story continues below In May, 36-year-old Ryan Collins, from Lancaster, Pennsylvania pleaded guilty to one count of unauthorized access to a protected computer to obtain information. Collins used phishing scams to trick celebrities into handing over their usernames and passwords by sending fake emails that appeared to be from Google and Apple. READ MORE: Apple denies iCloud security flaw to blame for celebrity photo hack “After illegally accessing the e-mail accounts, Collins obtained personal information including nude photographs and videos.  In some instances, Collins would use a software program to download the entire contents of the victims’ Apple iCloud backups,” Pennsylvania U.S. attorney Bruce Brandler said in a statement. “Collins ran a modeling scam in which he tricked his victims into sending him nude photographs.” Collins is believed to have accessed at least 50 iCloud accounts and 72 Gmail accounts during his scam. WATCH: Celebrity photo leak serves as security reminder The nude photos first made their way around the web in September 2014. The photos of famous females nude and, in some cases, in sexual situations, were posted to the image sharing website 4chan and quickly spread on social media. Among those whose private pics went public were Lawrence, Upton and stars like Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Becca Tobin and Kristen Dunst. Several of women involved in the scandal denounced the hack as a flagrant violation of privacy. “It is a sexual violation. It’s disgusting,” Lawrence said at the time. “Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody’s mind is to make a profit from it.” READ MORE: How to protect your data in the cloud Although Collins was charged for accessing the accounts, Brandler noted that investigators have not uncovered any evidence linking him to the actual leaks, or proving that he uploaded the information he obtained. The hack caused Apple to implement more security measure to protect iCloud users, including an alert system that notifies users when a device logs into an iCloud account for the first time. © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Apple Apple ID Celeb Nude Photo Leak Celeb photos Celebgate iCloud Nude Photo Leak iCloud Photo Hack iCloud Security jennifer lawrence Kate Upton Ryan Collins Ryan Collins Hacker Editor's Picks Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dead at 71 55317 Nearly a quarter of Canadians worry about being able to pay for groceries: poll 33284 2016 will be the hottest year on record 32881 Adult Friend Finder, Penthouse accounts among 400 million leaked in biggest hack of 2016 32389 Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 30930 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Unbelievable father’, loyal and charismatic; friends remember Shakur Jefferies WATCH NOW Chaos erupts at Halifax courthouse after Carvel Clayton appearance WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Kate McKinnon’s Hillary Clinton performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ WATCH NOW President Obama explains what he’s telling world leaders about Trump WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   Apple Updates MacBook Pros With New Touch Controls, Slim Design       Apple Updates MacBook Pros With New Touch Controls, Slim Design     By Don Reisinger  |  Posted 2016-10-28                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... Apple Updates MacBook Pros With New Touch Controls, Slim Design We examine key features in Apple's new MacBook Pro and why the Touch Bar version of the MacBook will prove popular with buyers when Apple releases the machines in mid-November. The Touch Bar Gives Users More Control Over Apps The MacBook Pro comes with a Touch Bar that's positioned just above the keyboard. The Touch Bar is a multitouch strip of glass that provides contextual information on what users are doing in software. It can also be used to send commands to an application and works with both first- and third-party programs. Touch ID Comes to the MacBook Pro To the right of the Touch Bar is Apple's Touch ID sensor. With the feature, users will be able to log in to the Mac without needing to input a passcode. The sensor also can be used by another user to switch to his or her personal account. Most important to Apple, the Touch ID integration delivers the ability to make purchases with Apple Pay. The MacBook Pro is the first Mac to come with Touch ID support. Both New Models Deliver Impressive Performance The 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro models come in several configurations out of the box, and they're all powerful. The 13-inch Touch Bar version, for instance, starts out with a 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor and Intel Iris graphics. It can be configured with a better processor and graphics. The same holds true on the 15-inch version, but that model starts with a 2.6GHz Intel Core i7 chip and an AMD Radeon Pro 450 GPU. Apple says its MacBook Pro can deliver up to 130 percent faster graphics than the previous model. The Battery Life Is Fine Apple's MacBook Pro won't win battery awards, but it should get the job done. According to Apple, both the 13- and 15-inch versions will deliver up to 10 hours of battery life on a single charge, which puts it in the middle of the pack in the notebook market. The MacBook Pro has eliminated the MagSafe adapter in favor of Thunderbolt ports. Apple Relies on Thunderbolt 3 Ports Speaking of ports, depending on the version customers choose, they'll get a MacBook Pro with either two or four Thunderbolt 3 ports. Beyond that, Apple is only offering a headphone jack in the new MacBook Pro models. Apple tried to justify the move, saying that Thunderbolt 3 is compatible with USB Type-C devices, as well as DisplayPort, HDMI and others. Any of the ports can be used to charge the MacBook Pro, transfer data to it and hook up monitors. Apple Touts Its Best Display The MacBook Pro comes with what Apple says is its best display yet. The MacBook Pro's screen has 500 nits of brightness and can display 25 percent more colors than the previous Retina Display model. It also has a 67 percent higher contrast ratio. That all translates to a brighter and more colorful display than users would otherwise find in Apple's Mac lineup. Apple Talks About Portability The MacBook Pro is one of the more portable notebooks the company has ever released. The 13-inch model measures just 14.9mm at its thinnest point and weighs 3 pounds. The 15-inch model also has a thin design that's just 15.5mm at its thinnest point. It weighs 4 pounds. In total, the MacBook Pro is up to 17 percent thinner than the previous model. The Speaker Is Redesigned in the New Models Since the MacBook Pro is smaller than its predecessor, Apple was forced to revamp its speaker design. However, Apple noted that the smaller speakers still deliver up to 58 percent more volume than the last-generation MacBook Pro. The speakers also come with twice the dynamic range and up to 2.5 times the bass offered in the previous model. There's a Model Without the Touch Bar Although the Touch Bar is a big new feature in the MacBook Pro, Apple is offering a 13-inch version that doesn't come with its multitouch bar. That model, like its predecessors, comes with standard function keys in place of the Touch Bar. Apple made it clear at its press event that while the 13-inch MacBook Air will remain on store shelves, the Touch Bar-less MacBook Pro is the device customers should buy if they don't want the new touch-screen features. MacBook Pro Prices Remain Higher Than the Average Notebook Those who are more interested in getting the cheapest MacBook Pro than about getting the Touch Bar can buy one of the new models for $1,499. Customers who want the 13-inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar will find its pricing starts at $1,799 and quickly jumps from there based on configuration. On the 15-inch side, the MacBook Pro starts at $2,399. Both the 13- and 15-inch Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros are scheduled to ship in two to three weeks, but are available now for preorder. HTC Bolt Smartphone Arrives on Sprint Network With Android Nougat View Slideshow » 10 Features Samsung Should Build Into the Galaxy S8 Smartphone View Slideshow » Why DNS Servers Are an Unprotected Back Door into Your Network View Slideshow » 11 Revolutionary Advances in Wireless Tech in 2016 View Slideshow » Panasonic Updates Toughpad FZ-G1 With More Power, Longer Battery Life View Slideshow » Broadcom, Qualcomm Latest Acquirers in Busy Chip Space View Slideshow » Why Donald Trump and Silicon Valley Don't See Eye to Eye View Slideshow » CIOs Expect Steady Growth in Health Care IT Spending, Cyber-Threats View Slideshow » Ransomware Takes Off, Web Browsers Under Attack: Kaspersky Report View Slideshow » TrueOS Succeeds PC-BSD Desktop-Friendly Unix OS View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   For months, Mac users have been waiting for Apple to refresh the MacBook Pro. They finally got what they wanted Oct. 27, when Apple introduced a new line of MacBook Pros with an updated design, a larger and more accurate track pad and improved keyboard and more powerful processors. Apple also added a Touch Bar—a multitouch strip above the computer's keyboard that gives users more control over software features. To the Touch Bar's right, MacBook Pro owners will find Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor, which will allow users to unlock the Mac and securely make payments via Apple Pay. With the addition of a handful of accessory ports and a competitive price tag, the MacBook Pro looks like it will be a popular choice for consumers and enterprise Mac buyers. This slide show provides more details about the key features in Apple's new MacBook Pro and discusses why the Touch Bar version of the MacBook will prove particularly popular with buyers when Apple releases the machines in mid-November.           Don Reisinger is a freelance technology columnist. He started writing about technology for Ziff-Davis' Gearlog.com. Since then, he has written extremely popular columns for CNET.com, Computerworld, InformationWeek, and others. He has appeared numerous times on national television to share his expertise with viewers. You can follow his every move at http://twitter.com/donreisinger.             Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Hands-on with exclusive Apple Watch Nike+ watch faces and complications By Christian Zibreg, Oct 28, 2016 Tweet 5 Comments The Apple Watch Nike+ is available as of yesterday and our resident video editor Andrew O’Hara just published a video showing off its design and features. As we mentioned many times before, the Apple Watch Nike+ is literally the Apple Watch Series 2 with some exclusive features. Now, exclusivity comes in the form of unique Nike-inspired bands and Nike-themed watch faces and complications that are not available on regular Series 2 devices. Here’s our hands-on with the watch faces and complications that Nike and Apple jointly designed for the Apple Watch Nike+ edition. Apple offers the following limited-edition bands for the Nike+ edition of Series 2: Black/Volt Nike Sport Band Black/Cool Gray Nike Sport Band Flat Silver/White Nike Sport Band Flat Silver/Volt Nike Sport Band Check out our hands-in video right below. Don’t see the video? Watch it on YouTube! Make sure to like and share this video on your way out and don’t forget to subscribe to iDownloadBlog if you haven’t already for a constant stream of videos from us. While the exclusive, Nike-inspired bands for the Apple Watch Nike+ are not available for purchase separately, same great alternatives are available on Amazon that take inspiration from the Nike band design. The Apple Watch Nike+ case is made from aluminum. Apple does not offer a stainless steel case for the Nike+ edition of Series 2. As mentioned, the device packs in the same hardware as its Series 2 counterpart: a faster processor with speedier graphics, a brighter screen, built-in GPS for precise activity tracking without an iPhone, swim tracking and water resistance up to 50 meters deep. Interested in the Apple Watch Nike+ hardware and other features? If so, feel free to check out another video hands-on from the iDownloadBlog team. What do you think about the Apple Watch Nike+ so far? Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Hands-on with Apple Watch Nike+ Apple Watch Nike+ arrives Friday, October 28 Nike+ Run Club gains new features ahead of tomorrow’s launch of Apple Watch Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ edition is coming October 28 Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Nike+, Apple Watch Series 2, Complications, Hands-on, News, Nike, Video, Watch faces nova voter still waiting on UPS for mine. it’s out for delivery. nova voter I just got it. Did they get rid of the time travel thing where you can scroll your clock ahead to check future weather, appointments, etc??? zebonaut Time Travel has to be turned on in settings somewhere; probably under clock. I wish Time Travel could tell me last nights temperature… zebonaut Got it last night. I like. Its lighter and more comfortable than my very expensive steel band; its faster; its more stylish. Looks nice with a multicolor modular face. Siri works better. And its waterproof. Feels good. And of course its brighter in the sun. Only wish it had a camera; but that’s next year. nova voter same here on all that. I went from gen 1 stainless model to the Nike+. the weight difference is huge. and the brightness is great.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s new T1 chip that drives MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar runs “eOS”, a variant of watchOS By Christian Zibreg, Oct 28, 2016 Tweet 19 Comments If early impressions are an indication, the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro is definitely not a gimmick. The time-saving feature lets you accomplish common tasks faster without needing to memorize a bunch of app-specific keyboard shortcuts. Instead or remembering a shortcut or wasting time finding it in the menus, you just touch one of the system-wide or app-specific icons that are displayed on the Touch Bar. For the hardware geeks among us, the more interesting aspect of the Touch Bar is the Apple-designed silicon behind it, dubbed the T1. As developer Steven Troughton-Smith has discovered, the Touch Bar is actually a mini Apple Watch. The T1 chip is apparently code-named “Bridge”. It seems to run off of a special watchOS disk image, but it’s not the complete watchOS that’s required to run Apple Watch apps and the full user interface. The chip sends pixel buffers over USB for the display on the OLED touch strip. The T1 silicon is a standalone ARM device (Apple’s A-series chips incorporate CPU cores that are also based on ARM technology). The T1’s operating system appears to be called eOS, perhaps a shortened version of “embeddedOS”. This embedded operating system could allow Apple to do exciting things in the future. As Troughton-Smith speculated, certain iOS services like iMessage apps and iOS extensions may be able to take advantage of that chip if Apple allows it: Today it might be similar to an Apple Watch in capability, but there’s so much potential for this to grow. The Touch Bar theoretically could run while the rest of the machine is turned off, so you get all the low-power and security benefits of an iOS device, without having to switch to ARM completely on the desktop. Perhaps someday it could run a higher class processor, like Apple’s A-series chips, and allow macOS to ‘run’ iOS apps and Extensions, like iMessage apps, or manage notifications, system tasks, networking, during sleep, without having to power up the x86 CPU. Apple said at yesterday’s event that the T1 also packs in a Secure Enclave and manages the security of input devices like the built-in Touch ID sensor, the Touch Bar itself and even the front-facing camera. Troughton-Smith told The Verge: From everything I can piece together, the T1 chip in the new MacBook Pro is a variant of the system-on-a-chip used in the Apple Watch. Running watchOS on the T1 lets the Mac benefit from Apple’s deep work on iOS embedded security, as the T1 gates access to the Touch ID sensor and, from the looks of it, the front-facing camera in the new MacBook Pro too. He added that the T1 has no fixed storage, which is why it boots from a 25-megabyte watchOS ramdisk. “Granted, the ‘watchOS’ the T1 runs is presumably only ‘watchOS’ by dint of the CPU it’s designed for,” he said. The T1 must be “very similar” to the original Apple Watch’s S1 chip, he added. iOS hacker @iH8sn0w speculates that the T1 and Touch ID are factory-paired so you can’t replace one without the other—similar to how the Touch ID sensor and the A-series processor in the iPhone are paired together in the factory. Theoretically, the T1 may even be able to power the Touch Bar while the Mac’s main processor is off similar to how the M-series motion coprocessors track your movement and device sensors when the main processor is idle or asleep. I can’t wait for iFixit to tear this new chip apart and peek under its hood. Source: Steven Troughton-Smith via The Verge Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… 1Password now supports Touch ID and Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro Video: Apple’s Craig Federighi on the new MacBook Pro, Touch Bar and a touchscreen Mac Jony Ive speaks on MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar, touchscreen Macs & more Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Chips, eOS, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, News, Semiconductors, T1, Touch Bar, watchOS Jose Rivera Actually the cable that connects Touch ID to the iPhone on the iPhone 6 and later doesn’t need to be the one that comes with your device. I’ve swapped screens with friends and he only thing I’ve swapped is the Touch ID sensor since I know for a fact those are married to the processor. You can use just about any cable on the 6 and later to connect Touch ID… Christian Zibreg Thanks, removed that part Chloe Elizabeth Wade U might wanna edit this article, you put ‘OLD Touch Strip’, instead of OLED. Christian Zibreg fixed Rolf Bause Touch Bar, definitely a gimmick. I can hardly imagine how this thing would save me time… But have to admit it: Surface Studio is no gimmick. techfreak23 I completely agree with you. It seems more gimmicky than anything for true power users. The only benefit I see from this is to help basic users that don’t know keyboard shortcuts or how to use their trackpads properly because a lot of the implementation I have seen so far seems pretty redundant. With all of the other “upgrades” (I’m talking complete strip down of ports), Apple is leaving Microsoft a lot of wiggle room for them to snatch some of the pro user marketshare back with their Surface line. Rolf Bause Exactly. It’s sold as “the next big thing” and “pro” to basic users… for an absolutely ridiculous price on top… JohnS IDK, the ability to customize the top row of otherwise near useless keys for every app to my personal productivity preferences I think will be huge (obviously only time will tell). While it’s great for not pros as you point out I think if done right this could be HUGE. As far as the strip down of the ports, if there was only room for 4 ports and you had to choose what would you put in there? Thunderbolt 3 seems like an obvious choice due to it’s unparalleled multithreaded throughput and it’s ability to literally become anything you need with adapters. Any other port would have been useless to someone. If you want the greatest flexibility with the most power for professionals putting 4 thunderbolts seems to be the absolute best way to move forward. Personally I plan on attaching a desktop grade graphics card into my Thunderbolt 3 port to power a lot of awesome thing 😉 Try doing that on any other computer Apple has ever made (desktop or laptop) Rolf Bause So, you don’t use the Esc key ;)? And I’m not even ranting about the ports, although I think it definitely wouldn’t have killed them to build in at least 1 USB A port… I think this is acceptable (Thank god the dedicated Thunderbolt ports are finally gone). But different story with the SD card slot again. Why do they deliberately have to be such a pain in the ass, by eliminating all these features? It seems they rather nag everyone for years in the here and now, in order to give you the “future”. JohnS Comparing Touch Bar with Surface Studio isn’t exactly a fair comparison… Comparing Touch Bar to the Surface Dial however would be a different story. Personally I’m excited for the Touch Bar as I currently have a row of keys at the top of my computer that I almost never use. Now things like my programing apps can give me access to tools and commands that weren’t as easily accessible as before. Since it’s customizable too as well I essentially should have the option to customize the top row of buttons for every application I run. That to me is going to be a huge productivity boost! Comparing the features of the two, I’d take the Touch Bar over the Surface Dial any day. Rolf Bause The Surface seems to be the way more interesting input device to me. Actually, video editors use similar dials to cut already, musicians use knobs and dials in their software, I’m sure the digital graphics department will use them too… I think what MS showed there was the better concept, not ashamed to admit that… Why? Because it’s a very precise input device, way more precise than swiping on a small touch screen could ever be. And it’s not like we don’t have the ability to swipe… there’s a trackpad on every MacBook! And the problem I have with the Touch Bar is: you have to look down on the keyboard in order to tap sth. With a keyboard I never have to look up, I can feel where every key is. I think this is going to be more of a distraction, than a time saver. For everything not monofunctional you have a 13/15 inch screen right in front of your nose :)! JohnS I know the wheel is a popular choice, but you’re incorrect in saying that it’s because it’s more precise. The advantage that a radial slider has over a linear one is that it isn’t limited in its range. You can slide along a circle indefinitely which makes it a great option for a lot of people. But in terms of control it’s not more precise. Also I find it interesting that we are both looking at these products for the same reasons 😛 I’m more excited about the touch bar because I wouldn’t have to look at it as much as the dial. Eventually I’ll memorize where buttons are in various apps, but on the dial I’m limited to one function at a time and changing them requires me to look at it as the touch screen menu on the device can’t possibly be used otherwise. Not to mention it’s support for interactions is inherently very limited. The Wheel can scroll indefinitely which is a plus. But it can’t provide a realistic method for things like auto correct choices, color selections, common programming functions etc. It’s great for an artist that is using a pencil and wants to easily adjust brush sizes regularly however! If you are using the Surface Studio as an artist then the dial is the perfect accompaniment! But in terms of day to day usage, the touch bar far exceeds the potential of the dial, doesn’t require batteries, isn’t limited to a few apps and functions, can allow users to do more than one thing at a time, doesn’t require you to take your hand off the keyboard to perform functions, can’t get lost, and ultimately can be used with muscle memory eyes free. Wndows OS That at least solves the question “What about if you’re running Windows/Linux?” I’m guessing now that eOS will most likely default to simulating the old function key layout, instead of just being a useless extra screen replacing potentially useful keys. george Tim Cooks apple is a sad reality. JohnS Tim Cook unveils the most powerful and versatile laptop Apple has ever created and it’s a sad reality? For who? george For morons like yourself who think this is the most powerful laptop. JohnS I never said it was the most powerful laptop. I said it was the most powerful on Apple has ever created. Believe it or not, there actually is a difference between those two sentences. JohnS Im surprised that they are using a separate OS to run what is essentially another screen. Especially after seeing them drag icons into it and how seamlessly it works with whatever the “other OS” is doing. Makes me wonder what the advantage is to this. عبدالرحمن الشياب I think the answer is: to prevent the TouchBar from stopping responding if the whole machine do, so you can at least use the power button on it.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / The woman featured in Apple’s accessibility video also edited it The woman featured in Apple’s accessibility video also edited it Posted on Friday, October 28, 2016 by CNN in Business News Sady Paulson is passionate about making films. And Apple helps her turn that passion into videos that can be viewed by millions. Paulson has cerebral palsy. She uses Apple’s accessibility tech like Switch Control to interact with her computers, iPhone and iPad. The 29-year-old was a special guest at Thursday’s Apple event when the company unveiled the first new line of MacBook Pro notebooks in four years. Kicking off the event, Apple CEO Tim Cook announced a redesigned accessibility website and played a video that highlighted features that let people with disabilities use its products. Paulson starred in the video — but what Cook didn’t mention on stage was that she edited the whole thing, too. Paulson, who is non-verbal, has two Switch Control devices attached to the head support of her wheelchair. Large circular buttons execute commands when she pushes them with her head. Switch Control assists people with impaired physical and motor skills, and has been a part of Apple’s product line since 2013. Bluetooth-connected straw puffers and joysticks are also used as Switch Control devices. Apple’s other accessibility tools include built-in Voice Over for people with impaired vision to hear what’s on the screen, fitness algorithms for wheelchair users, and hearing aids made for the iPhone. The new accessibility website aims to amplify Apple’s efforts, and encourage developers to spend more time and energy building accessible apps and software. “The goal is to really get people to understand what accessibility is all about and how Apple is pushing assistive technology forward in new ways,” Sarah Herrlinger, Apple’s senior manager for global accessibility policy and initiatives, told CNNMoney. At Apple’s headquarters after Thursday’s event, Paulson showed me how she uses Switch Control to type and edit video. She said she began making movies 10 years ago when an instructor at the Anne Carlsen Center for people with disabilities showed her how to use iMovie. I asked whether or not she feels barriers exist between her and other people, and whether people doubt her ability to make films. With nods and clicks, she replied. “People are a little bit unsure of my disability, and then they understand what I can do,” Paulson said, via words she typed on screen. In February 2016, Paulson graduated with a degree in Digital Cinematography from Full Sail University, and accepts client work from her home in Fargo, North Dakota. Her favorite films to edit are documentaries, she said. World Series and NBA could mean another hit to NFL's reputation as TV's champs Elizabeth Warren calls out KPMG for Wells Fargo disaster Related Posts Apple delays its AirPods launch Uber agrees to temporarily suspend service in Portland Biden Announces Six Year Plan to Build National High-Speed Rail Network Coal miners become computer coders Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
null
by Jason Snell & Dan Moren MENU About Advertise Archive Podcasts Membership Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews About Advertise Archive Membership Podcasts Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews This week's sponsor MailRoute - The experts at email security. Protect yourself from spam and viruses and get 10% off for life. By Jason Snell October 27, 2016 9:26 PM PT Perpendicular philosophy This week highlighted the fundamental differences between the product philosophies of Apple and Microsoft. Neither philosophy is unreasonable, and both are rooted in rational decisions based on the strengths and weaknesses of their businesses. Microsoft believes that traditional computer interfaces and modern mobile-device touchscreen interfaces should be melded together, blurring the lines between tablet and PC. This week’s introduction of the Surface Studio—think of an iMac that can be folded down onto your desk and used as a gigantic iPad—is perhaps the most impressive iteration of that belief to date. Apple, in contrast, believes that touchscreen interfaces are great and computers are great and they’re not the same thing. Apple has steadfastly resisted adding touchscreens to the Mac, and when you ask the company’s executives why, they have been remarkably consistent on this point for the past few years. What defines a computer, they’ll say, is that it’s made up of two perpendicular surfaces. There’s a vertical display surface, more or less up and down, right in front of you. And there’s a horizontal control surface—a table or desk or the base of a laptop—that you use for input and control. If you want a Mac, that’s what you get. If you want a touch-based device, get an iPad. Seen through this philosophy, the new MacBook Pro and its Touch Bar interface fit perfectly. The Touch Bar brings the things Apple loves about touchscreen interfaces—customizability and support for multitouch—and adds it to the control surface of the Mac, right above the keyboard. It doesn’t break Apple’s definition of a computer at all, because it’s a new sort of touchscreen, and it’s part of the keyboard area, not the display area. On Twitter today I saw several people, flush with the excitement of the Surface Studio announcement, mock the Adobe Photoshop demo at the MacBook Pro launch by suggesting that if the Adobe employee on stage had really wanted to make edits to her photo, she could’ve done it a lot better on a Surface screen rather than using a trackpad with one hand and the Touch Bar with the other. Apple believes that those people are exactly wrong, that sticking your arms out to interact with the vertical surface is a terrible experience. And Apple believes that if you really do prefer a device that’s a touchscreen, you’d be better off with an iPad Pro. Is Apple right? I really don’t know, though if I had to guess, I’d say that it’s not quite as black and white as that. I’m entirely sure that for some people, Microsoft’s approach—especially the Surface Studio and its drafting-table ergonomics—is the right one. I’m also sure that for other people, it’s completely wrong. (I’m repelled by it, but then, I am not a big fan of pen input in general!) Microsoft’s belief is that PCs can take a little bit from column A and a little bit from column B and the result is a product that’s more flexible. Apple’s belief is that it should make the best product in column A and the best in column B, and that you can’t do either if you take a little bit from both. The downside of that is, if you want to do both with Apple products, you’ve now got to buy an iPad and a laptop. So when we look at the MacBook Pro and the Touch Bar, we’re seeing a very Apple approach to the problem. The Touch Bar exists because Apple doesn’t believe that making the Mac’s display a touchscreen makes the Mac a better computer. Instead, Apple created a new kind of control surface, powered by a custom processor and with extensive additions to macOS to support both system controls and contextual commands in the Touch Bar. I don’t know if the Touch Bar will be successful or not, or if it’s the right approach. I’ll really need to try it out for a while to make that call. But its existence is entirely consistent with Apple’s philosophy, which finds itself at a right angle from the one espoused by Microsoft. [If you appreciate articles like this one, help us continue doing Six Colors (and get some fun benefits) by becoming a Six Colors subscriber.] Ads via the Deck Copyright © 2014-2016 The Incomparable Inc.   Sponsorship Info | RSS | Twitter | Search | My Account
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad "Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen" singer unveils extended version of viral song By Reuters Published: 11:51 EST, 28 October 2016 | Updated: 11:51 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail TOKYO, Oct 28 (Reuters) - Japanese social media star Pikotaro unveiled a new, extended version of his internet hit "Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen" (PPAP) on Friday. The original video quickly went viral after being uploaded in early September, with Canadian singer Justin Bieber helping boost viewing numbers by labelling it his "favourite video on the internet" in a Twitter post on Thursday. "Yesterday my head was full of white hair, but now it has all turned black," said Pikotaro, overwhelmed by the attention he has received, including a Guinness World Record for the shortest song to make it into the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Pikotaro, whose real name is Kazuhito Kosaka, wore a gold animal print outfit complete with scarf and sunglasses as he performed the new two-minute version of what was a 45 second song to journalists in Tokyo. The video - that has racked up over 131 million views on YouTube - features Pikotaro miming the joining of an imaginary apple and pineapple with an imaginary pen, lyrics he said were inspired by items he found on the table when he began writing. (Reporting by Reuters Television; Writing by Adela Suliman; Editing by Patrick Johnston and Robin Pomeroy) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business Microsoft Is Looking Like the New Apple A pair of events this week suggest one company is charging ahead, while the other is stuck in a product rut. by Jamie Condliffe October 28, 2016 This week, one giant technology company looked like an innovator, launching a sleek new suite of forward-looking hardware to help media professionals work more effectively. Another added a row of buttons to an existing computer. In the past, Apple would have been the former—for the moment, at least, that role has shifted to Microsoft. At an event in New York on Wednesday, Microsoft unveiled the sleek, futuristic-looking Surface Studio: a 28-inch all-in-one PC that converts into something akin to a digital drafting table. Reclined at about 20 degrees, it can be used with a dedicated stylus and so-called Surface Dial—a small puck that adds a mechanical means of interacting with the touchscreen. Microsoft also launched a new set of tools to create art in 3-D, which the company imagines people will view using its Hololens. Or, perhaps, a VR headset, given that Microsoft also made good on its promise to help make the devices ubiquitous. It’s been working with HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, and Acer, and promised that all will soon all ship VR headsets for $300. Microsoft's Surface Studio is somewhere between a desktop computer and a futuristic drafting table. Apple, meanwhile, showed off its latest hardware offering on Thursday: an updated version of its MacBook Pro laptop. With—drum roll, please—a new row of buttons. They are, admittedly, very smart buttons. Actually a slim second screen, they adapt depending on which program is being used, and there’s also Apple’s fingerprint-sensing TouchID built in to enable login, payments, and other secure operations. These, then are the hardware treasures that the two tech giants chose to show off on consecutive days. There is, to be sure, plenty of criticism to be levelled at Microsoft’s new offering: the Surface Studio is esoteric, undoubtedly a niche product, and costs an eye-watering $3,000. But Apple’s pricing isn’t exactly a thrift store option: the 15-inch notebook start at $2,400. More important than price is what the announcements signal about what the companies are trying to achieve. Microsoft is now attempting to push the boundaries of what computing looks like, by trying to change the way we interact with desktop devices and providing the tools for us to become more involved with the virtual world. Apple, meanwhile, appears to be stuck in a rut. As we’ve explained before, it seems to be struggling to look far beyond its existing products. Instead, it’s simply adding new features to already successful devices rather than reinventing our relationship with technology. None of this is to say that Microsoft will succeed. Its new products are squarely aimed at the creative professionals that would typically buy Apple products, and winning them over will be a tough fight. But the status quo can only be challenged by products that don’t fit the existing mold. Just look at the iPad, which many thought would never go beyond a niche product when it first launched. Or, if you’re Apple, perhaps look away from it instead. (Read more: Wired, Gizmodo, “Intel and Microsoft Are Teaming Up to Make Virtual Reality Ubiquitous,” “Why Apple Can’t Match the iPhone’s Success”) From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Microsoft, Apple, Surface Studio, MacBook Credit Image courtesy of Microsoft Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Business Technologies are revolutionizing how we work and how companies operate. Amazon’s Next Big Move: Take Over the Mall Unable to resist any opportunity to sell you something, the e-commerce leader is opening up brick-and-mortar bookstores. But its online prowess doesn’t yet translate into a very good retail experience. by Nicholas Carr Enabling the Digital Revolution: SDN and Beyond The promise of software-defined networking and solutions for its wider adoption were explored in depth at VMware’s inaugural future:net event. Silicon Valley’s Call to Secede Shows How Out of Touch It Is Clamoring for California to leave the U.S. is little better than Donald Trump’s plan to build a border wall with Mexico. by Jamie Condliffe More from Business The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Chris Hall28 October 2016Laptops Microsoft/Apple/Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The gauntlet has been thrown down. Microsoft has updated its top-spec Surface Book, while Apple has updated its MacBook Pro, putting in a new Touch Bar feature. These two laptops square up, both pushing innovative features, trying to pull you to Windows and macOS respectively and claim the cash in your pocket.  But how do they compare head-to-head? This is the Surface Book vs MacBook Pro breakdown, comparing those 13-inch models. Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Design Surface Book has a detachable display MacBook Pro offers OLED Touch Bar Microsoft introduced the Surface Book design in 2015 and although the model updated in 2016, it still looks the same, offering that proper keyboard, that innovative hinge that will let the screen sit at any angle, as well as offering a detachable 13.5-inch display. The Surface Book measures 312.3 x 232.1 x 22.8mm and weighs 1.516kg or 1.647kg for the top i7 Performance Base model. The MacBook Pro has an all-new design that slims down the aluminium unibody, expands the Force Touch trackpad and gives a really slim display, which remains attached.  MacBook Pro measures 304.1 x 212.4 x 14.9mm, so it's smaller in all directions than the Surface Book. It weighs 1.37kg, so it's a good deal lighter too. The MacBook Pro introduces a Touch Bar OLED panel, replacing the function keys at the top of the keyboard, dynamically changing depending on what you're doing. There's also a Touch ID sensor in the power button, allowing for Apple Pay payments online, and easy sign-in.  Touch Bar gives you dedicated controls that simply don't exist on other devices, with a solution that's adaptable and doesn't require any touching on the display itself.  These laptops are different: MacBook Pro might be more compact and portable, but Surface Book offers a full touch tablet, so it's potentially more flexible, if a little bulkier. Microsoft Surface Book i7 (2016): Not an overhaul, but certainly more oomph Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Display Surface Book: 13.5-inch, 3000 x 2000 pixels, 267ppi, touchscreen MacBook Pro: 13.3-inch, 2560 x 1600 pixels, 227ppi There's a big difference in what you can use these displays for. Surface Book has an advantage, offering a detachable display that offers full touch, as well as supporting Surface Pen. That means that Surface Book will do things you'd need an iPad Pro for - here there's a Windows tablet in the same package. The Surface Book has a 13.5-inch PixelSense display with a 3000 x 2000 pixel resolution, 267ppi, with 3:2 aspect.  The MacBook Pro offers a conventional 13.3-inch Retina display with 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution, 227ppi, with 8:5 aspect. The Surface Book is sharper and can potentially offer more detail on its display, although the MacBook Pro has always been a very good quality display and in this latest model, it boosts the brightness and contrast.  Which looks better is difficult to judge without getting them side-by-side.  Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Hardware Both offer Intel Core i5 and i7 options Surface Book offers discrete Nvidia GPUs Both the Surface Book and the MacBook Pro offer sixth-gen Intel Core i5 and i7 CPUs. Both offer various RAM from 8GB to 16GB depending on your configuration. The Surface Book starts with 128GB SSD, with options up to 1TB. The MacBook Pro starts at 256GB SSD, with options up to 1TB. Storage depends on the model configuration you choose in both cases. When it comes to GPU, the MacBook Pro 13-inch offers Intel Iris Graphics 540 or 550, depending on the model you choose. There's only the option for an AMD Radeon GPU on 15-inch MacBook Pro models, so the 13-inch model is a little weaker in the GPU department.  The Surface Book offers much wider options for graphics, with Intel HD graphics at the entry level, but also offering discrete GPUs, up to the Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M on the top i7 model.  At the entry level these two laptops might be close, but in the 13-inch size, Microsoft is offering more powerful graphical options than Apple does. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Connections and ports Surface Book: Two USB 3.0, SD card, Mini DisplayPort MacBook Pro: Four Thunderbolt 3 ports If you've been paying attention, you'll know that the MacBook Pro has axed a lot of ports, moving to Thunderbolt 3 for everything - charging and all connections you want to make. In the short term, than probably means that not much will connect to it without an adapter.  That makes the Surface Book instantly more compatible with existing devices. Surface Book supports your old USB devices, you can put your memory card in it and connect to your existing monitor for example. It's not as simple as saying the Surface Book is better as a result, however. MacBook Pro still has connections and they are all versatile, supporting HDMI, DisplayPort, USB and so on, but all though the USB Type-C design. In some ways, that makes for better connectivity, it's just that you probably don't have any of those connectors or adapters yet. For those interested in photography, the loss of an SD card slot is probably the biggest bugbear with the MacBook Pro. For things like other connections, changing cables won't be a long-term hardship. Here's how much the new MacBook Pro will cost you in new adapters and cables Microsoft Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Price Surface Book: $1,699 (256GB) MacBook Pro: $1,799 (256GB)  The starting price of these laptops doesn't tell the whole story. The older Surface Book at $1,349 comes with half the storage of the MacBook Pro's starting point, so we've picked the 256GB model instead, where the pricing is close, with the Surface Book a little cheaper.  However, because of those powerful GPU options, the top Surface Book, with Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD and an Nvidia GPU will cost you $3,299. The top MacBook Pro, with Core i7, 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD will cost you $2,899.  Although these devices occupy different spaces - Apple is more conventional but offers that unique Touch Bar, Microsoft is more versatile with touch and tablet mode - they're both gunning to be the best 13-inch laptops around.  Whichever you choose, be prepared to be a pretty penny for them.  The Surface Book is available to order from the Microsoft Store. The MacBook Pro is available to pre-order from the Apple Store. Sections Microsoft Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Home Industry Tech First test of Apple watch Nike+, a sporty wearable on steroids First test of Apple watch Nike+, a sporty wearable on steroids The Series 2 is notable for its minimal design around a steel gray aluminum case and clean graphics on the small black mirrored face of the watch. It is markedly pared back in look and less complicated to use than other running-oriented watches. By: Bloomberg | Pti | Published: October 28, 2016 9:12 PM The Series 2 is notable for its minimal design around a steel gray aluminum case and clean graphics on the small black mirrored face of the watch. It is markedly pared back in look and less complicated to use than other running-oriented watches.(Reuters) Apple has released the newest update to its watch, the Apple Watch Nike+. The new timepiece, in 38mm- ($369) or 42mm-wide ($399) models, is the latest innovation in the long line of running-related apparatus that Nike started producing in 2006, when runners could connect iPod playlists to devices embedded in their shoes. “We have been working on this project in some way or another since day one,” said Stefan Olander, the head of Nike’s Digital Sport division. The Series 2 is notable for its minimal design around a steel gray aluminum case and clean graphics on the small black mirrored face of the watch. It is markedly pared back in look and less complicated to use than other running-oriented watches. “The other devices that are out there are pretty techy and geeky—so we wanted to remove everything that was a distraction and keep it clean, elegant and also let it be a delight to use,” Olander said. “We were looking at the aspiring runner and thinking about how can we design something that looked like an invitation to run.” This next iteration includes all the same functionality as the Series 1 but adds a twice-as-bright display on the screen, plus extended water resistance to 50 meters and water-lock, which prevents false taps on the screen while washing dishes or swimming. It also has a series of weather updates, messaging, and health-monitoring enhancements along with updated routing maps for swimming and other off-road endeavors. One new program runs through a series of breathing exercises much as the type yogis use during meditation. You use the Nike+ Run Club app to set the watch specifically to compare your weekly mileage against friends who have the same watch or to set alerts that tell you when to run, and how far, to reach fitness goals—the main idea being to give runners a sense of community even if they typically train alone. You can even activate little soundbite recordings from Nike’s current pet running ambassador Kevin Hart encouraging you along your run. “One of the things that comes back loud and clear from feedback from our runners is that it’s not that easy to stay motivated—a lot of people need a little extra push,” Olander said. “Traditional watches are one-way interactions. They don’t really communicate with you. But we wanted to make this feel like a running partner.” That part is certainly true, as I discovered on a four-mile jog along Manhattan’s East River this morning: Apple Watch Nike+ has built-in GPS system that tracks pacing, distance, heart rate and routes even if you don’t have your iPhone with you. (The two are synced in a lengthy process—too lengthy in my opinion; it took me 30 minutes—when you first buy the watch.) Apple Watch Nike+ is the fourth version of the Series 2 Apple watch. It follows the Standard, Hermès, and Apple Edition versions that were launched earlier this year, and it is available in four color combinations involving black or white rubber sport-band style straps and gray aluminum cases, each with Nike trademark “volt” yellow or gray highlights. Buy it online or at Nike and Apple stores. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now If demonetisation policy is not rolled back, Narendra Modi government will be: Shiv Sena's Sanjay Raut Donald Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office: US President Barack Obama India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi Donald Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Businessman surrenders Rs 6,000 crore following Narendra Modi government's demonetisation policy? Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan meets delegates from all parties ahead of Parliament session Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Dubbing artist Bhagyalakshmi on gangrape victim's petition: Sad there is no response from Chief Minister's office Terror-hit Dhaka bakery returned to property owner Cash on Delivery Business hit by demonetisation, says Snapdeal Apollo Hospitals in expansion mode; to invest Rs 1,400-crore  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation Surface Studio vs iMac – Which Should You Pick? Published by Rean,in Gadgets Microsoft recently unveiled Surface Studio, its new desktop computer that not only pleases its current fan base, but also those who have for so long been under Apple’s spell. The reveal itself gave chills to millions of technophiles and creatives, and instantly everyone thought of the same thing: “I want one.” Here’s another thing: It kind of looks like an iMac, no? And indeed it does, from its sleek surface (pun intended), black borders, and the way it is propped up – one glance and you’ll instantly think of an iMac. But how does it compare to an iMac? There are already predictions flying around that Surface Studio will deal a great blow to Apple’s iMac. Let’s find out how true this is. It’s not a fair comparison at a glance The Surface Studio is perhaps the most innovative and bravest product Microsoft has produced in the recent years, and it is their take on Apple’s iMac which has so long dominated the creative industry all over the world. Graphic artists, web designers, animators, video editors, most of these people prefer an iMac over other pre-packaged desktops in the market simply because of its raw power and crisp display – something creatives would kill for. But make no mistake (I’m an iMac user myself and I can honestly say that it’s not a fair comparison) and at first glance the Surface Studio wins by a grand slam. Is Surface Studio a desktop computer or a graphics tablet? If you watched the device trailer, you will notice that the Surface Studio can also double as a graphics tablet, which digital illustrators and animators use to draw directly onto in order to transfer their drawings into their computer. A popular brand for a graphics tablet is the Wacom. And if you don’t know, they’re pretty pricey. Pin it This is a Wacom Cintiq 27QHD Right now you can buy a Wacom Cintiq 27QHD for $2,300 and no, it’s not even a computer. Surface Studio’s base model is both and it’s only around $700 more, at $2,999. But we’re here to compare the Surface Studio with an iMac, and so I shall. In terms of display The Surface Studio is a massive 28″ display at 4500×3000 resolution. Its display type uses PixelSense, which promises higher than 4K resolution. While that looks great, the iMac’s top-of-the-line model sits at 27″ Retina 5K display with 5120×2880 resolution, that’s 14.7 million pixels, which is 1.2 million more than Surface Studio. Is it a close fight between the two in terms of resolution and crispness of display? Probably not. The Surface Studio is at 192 pixels per inch (13.5 million pixels total) while the iMac is at 217 pixels per inch (14.7 million pixels total), so the iMac clearly wins this round. Pin it Microsoft Surface Studio and Apple iMac Display Comparison In terms of aspect ratio, Surface Studio is at 3:2 and iMac 27″ is at 16:9, which is a big difference. The new Surface is more squarish than the iMac, which would probably miff a lot of people, especially those who are used to having a wider screen. Looking at those numbers, iMac definitely wins. But honestly can the naked eye actually tell the differences? I’m going to leave you with that but not before I mention that the entire Surface Studio’s display is touchscreen? That’s one selling point. Although if you are a photographer or a video editor, smudges on the screen is probably something you’d hate to see (it’s like touching the lens of your camera). How powerful are they? Things might still change for the Surface Studio since it is still on pre-order phase, but right now it offers Intel Core i5 or i7, 8GB to 32GB RAM, using Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M-980M at 2GB-4GB GDDR5 memory. The Apple iMac, on the other hand, also uses Intel Core i5 or i7, 8GB to 32GB RAM, using AMD Radeon R9 M380, M390, and M395X at 2GB-4GB GDDR5 memory. It is important to note that this latest iMac model has been around since 2015! There doesn’t seem much of a difference in terms of their Intel processors, but there is a big difference when it comes to their graphic processing chips. Microsoft decided to go Nvidia GeForce all the way while Apple went for AMD. Where Surface Studio straight up murders the iMac First Stab – All-in-One Desktop and Graphics Tablet Pin it Surface Studio desktop and studio form The Surface Studio is after the professional creative class of Mac users who deal with graphics, photos, and videos daily. The biggest innovation that Microsoft has introduced to their line of hardware is Surface Studio’s display which enables its users to draw directly on it – acting like a touchscreen tablet and a computer all in one. It’s going to be a big blow for Apple, especially if people are more willing to spend at least a thousand dollars more. Second Stab – Sexy Base Support Pin it Another important thing to note, which probably should get more attention, is its Zero Gravity Hinge (the base support), which provides seamless transition between desktop mode to studio mode (tablet mode). Users can change the angle of the display with just one hand, from an upright position to a more comfortable position for drawing. Third Stab – Surface Dial (Major Damage) Pin it One more thing: Surface Dial. It’s a new peripheral that Microsoft has introduced that definitely made a scene. It can be placed on the screen itself to allow users to choose colors just by turning the dial. Meanwhile, Apple recently announced a new Macbook Pro with a Touch Bar. Check out this link for more on it. Pin it The TL;DR version If all you care about are the numbers and the specs, this is what you are looking for. Microsoft Surface Studio You can learn more about the Surface Studio in-depth here. Price Graphics Display Processor Memory Storage $2,999 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory 28″ PixelSense Display, 4500×3000 resolution, 10 point multi-touch, 3:2 aspect ratio 6th Generation Intel Core i5 8GB 1TB Rapid Hybrid Drive $3,499 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory 6th Generation Intel Core i7 16GB 1TB Rapid Hybrid Drive $4,199 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4GB GDDR5 memory 6th Generation Intel Core i7 32GB 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive Apple 27″ iMac Price Graphics Display Processor Memory Storage $1,799 AMD Radeon R9 M380 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory 27″ Retina 5K display with IPS technology, 5120×2880 resolution, 16:9 aspect ratio Intel Core i5 8GB 1TB Drive $1,999 AMD Radeon R9 M390 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory Intel Core i7 16GB 1TB Fusion Drive $2,299 AMD Radeon R9 M395 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory. Intel Core i7 32GB 2TB Fusion Drive What’s the verdict? Surface Studio or iMac? If you are buying a computer based on its numbers, then without a doubt the iMac wins. But don’t forget that the Surface Studio is something entirely different – it’s a hybrid, and with that the price is justified. If you are among the creative class who is looking for an “entry-level” desktop computer for work-related matters, the iMac line of 2015 still takes the cake when it comes to price-to-hardware ratio. This is particularly true if you are under budget. While the base model of the latest iMac series is significantly less powerful than Surface Studio, it still works as one of the finest desktop computers ever built. But if you are looking to expand your creative arsenal and explore the possibilities of your imagination, and perhaps more importantly if you have the budget, and would like to work by hand, perhaps the Surface Studio is worth a shot. More Load More Posts © 2007‐2016 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple What can the MacBook Pro Touch Bar do? Seven best uses for Apple's new toolbar Apple's new interactive touchscreen toolbar has arrived on keyboards. By Owen Hughes October 28, 2016 16:44 BST The Bar is now open, so hat can the Touch Bar feature on Apple's new MacBook Pro actually do?Getty Images Apple's new MacBook Pro marks the first update to the laptop range since May 2015, and brings a completely redesigned device into the MacBook fold. The biggest new addition to the 2016 MacBook Pro is the Touch Bar — a touch-sensitive OLED display baked right into the keyboard that serves as a replacement to the top row of function keys. But what can the new feature do? The Touch Bar acts as a second screen that will change what it displays depending on what you're doing. Of course, it'll still be able to serve as the volume, contrast, brightness functions you'd normally find there, but it'll offer context-relevant capabilities across nearly all of Apple's own applications, including Photos, Pages, GarageBand and Terminal. If the new interactive Touch Bar is a deal-breaker when it comes to upgrading your laptop, here are seven of the Touch Bar's most useful features worth considering. 1. Touch ID Touch ID for secure login and online payments on your laptopApple Touch ID, the same as that featured on iPhones, has been integrated directly into the power button on the new Macbook Pro. As well as being a secure method to login to the MacBook Pro, it also offers a secure, not to mention fast, way to buy goods online, which might help fight fraud. You can also register the fingerprints of different (hopefully trusted) users. Touching ID will then let you quickly switch between profiles sharing the same machine. 2. Emojis Emojis made easyApple The Touch Bar will change depending on the app you're using. When using the Messages app, for example, the Touch Bar will into a row of emojis, allowing you to send quick reactions to messages without leaving the keyboard. 3. Siri The Touch Bar features a dedicated Siri button on the far-right-hand side. Tapping this will launch Apple's virtual assistant and from there you ask it to send messages, set reminders, launch apps and look stuff up online, much as you can on the iPhone. 4. FaceTime Accept or decline FaceTime callsApple If you've set up Continuity to link your iPhone and MacBook Pro, when somebody calls you using FaceTime their photo will appear on the Touch Bar. This will then give you options to accept or reject the call, or mute it. 5. Web browsing The Touch Bar offers useful navigation shortcuts for the Safari web browser, allowing you to quickly start new searches, scroll through open tabs, access bookmarked websites and move backwards and forwards in the browser. It basically means it'll save your vital milliseconds by not using the track pad to do it. Sold. 6. Quick Type and Mail When using the Mail app, the Touch Bar offers Quick Type options like suggested words and formatting tools to help you bang out messages more quickly. It'll also give you shortcuts for composing and replying to emails and moving them to different folders. 7. Photos and video Photo editing shortcuts to help speed up the job The Touch Bar makes it even easier to sift through and edit photos, providing options for cropping, rotating and adjusting images, and adding filters. Like we saw with Microsoft's Surface Dial, it can give photo editors quick access to a colour palette, changing hue during brush strokes, rather than having to select before they touch up. Adobe revealed its next update for Photoshop will be compatible with Touch Bar and will feature shortcuts for things like layers built-in. For video editors, the job of skipping through frames within Final Cut Pro has been made a whole lot easier with the bar offering a tool for scrubbing through your project's timeline. More tech news from IBTimes UK Apple reveals new MacBook Pro: Faster, thinner, lighter and with Touch Bar display Apple delays rollout of AirPod wireless headphones In memory of Vine: 15 of the greatest Vine videos of all time Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Five reasons Donald Trump won the US presidency Columnists James Bloodworth “Privileged liberals should accept economics led to Trump's victory – not an upsurge in racism READ MORE Donald Trump says social media 'helped' him win the election Donald Trump said social media is a 'modern form of communication' that played a key role in his historic victory. Amazon Black Friday Sales 2016: Day One's deals Amazon UK has exclusive offers over the next 12 days that change everyday – here are the best deals today. WikiLeaks: Who is Julian Assange and why is he wanted by Sweden? Julian Assange is being questioned in London over sexual assault claims. Cybercriminals can steal all your passwords from thin air with this $25 Wi-Fi hack Security researchers say they can obtain your passwords, PINs and swipes by analysing Wi-Fi signals. Watch Dogs 2 includes teaser trailer for possible unannounced Ubisoft sci-fi game Teaser Easter egg has a certain No Man's Sky feel to it. Dishonored 2 review: Arkane Studios and Bethesda produce one of the finest stealth games ever Welcome to Karnaca, please don't mind the corpses. SMS relay allows users to send and receive messages using Skype on Windows 10 devices Skype team is working to bring SMS relay support for Android in future. Amazon Music Unlimited launches in UK to compete with Apple Music, Tidal and Spotify An Echo-owner's subscription plan for a single device would cost £3.99 a month. OnePlus 3T teased ahead of launch, Snapdragon 821 and Android Nougat 7.0 'confirmed' in new leak Super-powered OxygenOS smartphone expected to be an upgraded version of the impressive OnePlus 3. Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge Android Nougat firmware development underway The update will most likely hit the devices by early 2017. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Watches First Test of Apple Watch Nike+, a Sporty Wearable on Steroids The goal is to give runners a sense of community even if they typically train alone. Hannah Elliott @HannahElliott More stories by Hannah Elliott October 28, 2016 — 11:06 AM EDT October 28, 2016 — 11:06 AM EDT Source: Apple; Nike Apple has released the newest update to its watch, the Apple Watch Nike+. The new timepiece, in 38mm- ($369) or 42mm-wide ($399) models, is the latest innovation in the long line of running-related apparatus that Nike started producing in 2006, when runners could connect iPod playlists to devices embedded in their shoes. “We have been working on this project in some way or another since day one,” said Stefan Olander, the VP of Nike's Global Digital division. The Series 2 is notable for its minimal design around a steel gray aluminum case and clean graphics on the small black mirrored face of the watch. It is markedly pared back in look and less complicated to use than other running-oriented watches.  “The other devices that are out there are pretty techy and geeky—so we wanted to remove everything that was a distraction and keep it clean, elegant and also let it be a delight to use,” Olander said. “We were looking at the aspiring runner and thinking about how can we design something that looked like an invitation to run.”  How to live the good life. (Even if it’s vicariously.) Get our weekly Pursuits newsletter. Sign Up Business Your daily dose of the news that’s moving markets around the world. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter This next iteration includes all the same functionality as the Series 1 but adds a twice-as-bright display on the screen, plus extended water resistance to 50 meters and water-lock, which prevents false taps on the screen while washing dishes or swimming. It also has a series of weather updates, messaging, and health-monitoring enhancements along with updated routing maps for swimming and other off-road endeavors. One new program runs through a series of breathing exercises much as the type yogis use during meditation. Source: Apple; Nike You use the Nike+ Run Club app to set the watch specifically to compare your weekly mileage against friends who have the same watch or to set alerts that tell you when to run, and how far, to reach fitness goals—the main idea being to give runners a sense of community even if they typically train alone. You can even activate little soundbite recordings from Nike’s current pet running ambassador Kevin Hart encouraging you along your run.  “One of the things that comes back loud and clear from feedback from our runners is that it’s not that easy to stay motivated—a lot of people need a little extra push,” Olander said. “Traditional watches are one-way interactions. They don’t really communicate with you. But we wanted to make this feel like a running partner.” That part is certainly true, as I discovered on a four-mile jog along Manhattan’s East River this morning: Apple Watch Nike+ has built-in GPS system that tracks pacing, distance, heart rate and routes even if you don’t have your iPhone with you. (The two are synced in a lengthy process—too lengthy in my opinion; it took me 30 minutes—when you first buy the watch.) Apple Watch Nike+ is the fourth version of the Series 2 Apple watch. It follows the Standard, Hermès, and Apple Edition versions that were launched earlier this year, and it is available in four color combinations involving black or white rubber sport-band style straps and gray aluminum cases, each with Nike trademark “volt” yellow or gray highlights. Buy it online or at Nike and Apple stores. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Hannah Elliott @HannahElliott Trending Now Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Don't Complain That the Polls Were Wrong Mnuchin Said to Be Top Treasury Pick Among Trump’s Advisers World’s Biggest Real Estate Binge Is Coming to a City Near You Goldman Sees the Possibility of Stagflation Under Trump Presidency Read This Next Patrick Wilson, Marathon Man A Fine British Watch Is More Affordable Than Ever After Brexit Nine Genius, Off-the-Wall Timepieces From the Worn & Wound Watch Fair Stubbs & Wootton Is Betting You'll Still Feel Patriotic After November This $495 Handbag Honors Basquiat and an Iconic 1983 Rap Battle Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition How to Solve the World’s Most Pressing Problem Carbon Dioxide Emissions Close to Flat for Third Straight Year, Report Says Paid Family Leave Could Be a Reality in Trump’s America Watch Drake Dance in Pink Fur in His Opulent New Music Video ‘Sneakin’ New Google Doodle Tips Hat to Sir Frederick Banting, Father of Diabetes Treatment Three Cows Have Been Marooned on Tiny Patch of Land in New Zealand Earthquake That Twist and 4 Other Things We Learned About Westworld Watch Peanut the Baby Panda Take Her First Adorably Clumsy Steps Our Digital Lives Are Spilling Into Our Real Lives Read Leonard Cohen’s Son’s Emotional ‘Thank You’ to His Father: ‘For the Wisdom he Dispensed’ TIME Tech Gadgets Here’s Why Fitness Fans Will Love the Apple Watch Nike+ John Kell / Fortune Oct. 28, 2016 SHARE The new wearable is out now + READ ARTICLE I’ve been running with Nike for about a decade—and I’m not talking about wearing their shoes or shirts. This review is about the Beaverton, Ore.-based company’s gadgets, a world I’ve personally been immersed in for nearly a decade. Back in 2006, Nike first partnered with electronics giant Apple to sell the co-branded Nike+ iPod Sport Kit, which was a wireless system that provided connectivity between a sensor that could be inserted in footwear and Apple’s pre-iPhone devices. Nike later struck out on its own for a few years starting in early 2012, selling activity trackers under the FuelBand brand, a business Nike scrapped in 2014. Today, Nike and Apple are officially running partners again. Friday marks the official release of the Apple Watch Nike+, a sports-focused smartwatch with a starting retail price of $369. Unlike most fitness-based systems on the market today, this device has the ability to track numerous movements: running, biking, yoga, class-based fitness sessions, weights, or a rowing machine. A built-in GPS allows runners to track their workouts without carrying their smartphone—the initial Apple Watch required you to bring along your iPhone for those runs to “count.” Apple aimed to address three of the most-requested features they heard from folks after releasing the original Apple Watch last year. Users wanted the smartwatch to track runs without a phone, they wanted it to be waterproof, and they wanted a brighter display. All three upgrades are in the new device. Apple Watch Nike+ also added “activity rings,” separately monitoring moving, exercise, and standing. Moving is just general everyday movement, while exercise would track strenuous activities or even a brisk walk. The stand ring encourages movement at least once per hour each day. And you can’t just stand for 12 minutes a day—you need to stand 12 different times throughout the day for credit. For serious runners like myself, there’s also encouragement in the running app to get back outside for a workout. That could come from a prompt to go out “Just Do It Sundays,” a weekly call to go out and run a 5K (3.1 miles). Or perhaps a notification that Rachel King, an editor here at Fortune and fellow runner, is just 2.1 miles ahead of me for the month. “We wanted to focus on running and create the best partner for you if you are picking up running,” Stefan Olander, vice president of Global Digital Innovation at Nike, tells Fortune in an interview. I took the device for a spin in the SoHo neighborhood in Manhattan and along the Hudson River along the west side of the island. While out with a Nike trainer, I got prompts each mile, reminding me of my overall time and pace. I also got encouragement when I breezed past the 5K goal I set for myself. But what impresses me most about the device is that it is cross-training friendly. Millennials like myself are increasingly allured by class-based fitness like cycling or yoga Most traditional fitness trackers don’t count those movements, so it feels like you aren’t getting the complete picture of your weekly athleticism if your device isn’t counting those movements. The Apple Watch Nike+ addresses that and works in the pool too, addressing a weak spot for most activity trackers that are merely water resistant and not meant for use during a rigorous swim. There’s also an active element to this device that seems appealing. Many trackers in the health space monitor steps, heart rate, sleep, and few additional bells and whistles. Getting text messages and Instagram notifications makes the device more alluring. That more active relationship with the device could address a common criticism that the industry has faced: findings that suggest these gadgets don’t help people lose weight. The launch of the Apple Watch Nike+ also comes at a time when there are questions about the viability of the smartwatch market. Is it a category that can find mass appeal? Experts aren’t sold yet. Nike itself was in the business of making fitness trackers for a few years, launching a few FuelBand devices I also tested. I must confess that while the FuelBand seemed great at the time, Apple Watch Nike+ is superior. My main concern is that I worry that it could track too much information to become a bit overwhelming for users. As it often happens when chatting with Nike executives, the conversation turned back to running. “Our main focus is the world’s best running experience,” he says. “We wanted it to be rooted in running and nail running first.” That makes sense for a company that generates over $5 billion in running gear revenue annually from wholesale channels, the second-largest business segment after sportswear. For Nike to sprint ahead of the pack, it needed to evolve. Apple Watch Nike+ is a step in the right direction. You can purchase the Apple Watch Nike+ here. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
null
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred location Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to Heart Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Quirky Events Win Charity Bingo TV Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Survey of the Day Home News UK & World Apple hikes UK computer prices by around 20% 28th October 2016, 11:51 Apple has upset customers by raising its computer and laptop prices by around 20%. In the latest blow to UK shoppers since the decision to leave the European Union saw the pound start to slide, the computer-maker began charging £2,999 for its Mac Pro desktop. This is an increase of 20% from £2,499 earlier in the week. The prices were changed as Apple revealed a revamped MacBook Pro on Thursday, adding a fingerprint reader, and replacing function keys with a small touch screen. The 12in MacBook Air went up by 19% from £1,049 to £1,249, the 13in from £999 to £1,249 and the 15in from £1,599 to £1,899. On its desktop line, the Mac mini had been £399 before the launch but £479 afterwards - a difference of 20% - while the cheapest iMac 4k went from £1,199 to £1,449 - an increase of 21%. The pound has dropped around 18% against the US dollar since June's referendum and inflation is accelerating at the fastest pace seen for two years, with some economists forecasting an annual rate of 3% next year. The driver behind this is tipped to be goods from abroad being more expensive to import because of sterling's weakness. An Apple spokesman said: "Apple suggests product prices internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange rates, local import laws, business practices, taxes and the cost of doing business. "These factors vary from region to region and over time, such that international prices are not always comparable to US suggested retail prices." Apple's statement suggests the pound factor loomed large in its decision but it is known to set its prices against the dollar, which is historically strong, exacerbating the currency element of the increase. The company said it had also raised its prices in the US, though that was likely to be by a weaker margin. Sky News has requested more information from the company on its US and European price increases. It is not the first price increase seen by Apple consumers since the UK's vote to leave the European Union. In August, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were priced at £599 and £719 respectively, increases of 11% and 16% from the previous versions. Earlier this week, Microsoft announced an increase of up to 22% for business customers of its cloud products, blaming currency changes. And earlier this month, Tesco and some other supermarkets refused to stock scores of Unilever products after the business was understood to have sought a 10% increase to its wholesale prices. Analysis has showed that some Apple US pre-tax prices - when compared to those in the UK excluding VAT - are marginally cheaper in this country. According to listed prices on its US site the MacBook Pro 13in, for example, is 1% cheaper in the UK in GBP terms. (c) Sky News 2016: Apple hikes UK computer prices by around 20% Video Tuesday's national newspaper front pages THE PAPERS' TOP STORIES Video Barack Obama says he has concerns about Donald Trump presidency Barack Obama says he "absolutely" has concerns about a Donald Trump presidency, in his first news conference since the US election. Video Prime Minister urges companies to help those 'left behind' Theresa May has urged companies to work with the Government to help those "left behind" by globalisation. Video Trump and Putin agree to target terrorism and extremism Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin have agreed they will work together to tackle international terrorism and extremism, the Kremlin says. Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Who's Expecting? Pink Has Some Happy News! Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Stars Tying The Knot Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World How Trump win failed to blow a hole in £600m sandwich deal Battle for Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Lauri Love to be extradited to US over computer hacking charges Harry or William? Meghan Markle quizzed on favourite in 2015 Co-op Bank sheds windfarms and PFI loans in fresh revamp See all UK & World Showbiz Comedian Wanda Sykes booed off stage for mocking Donald Trump Basic Instinct's Paul Verhoeven criticises Hollywood's lack of sex 'British film giant' Anne Coates wins honorary Oscar Harry Potter wins best play at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Sting reopens Bataclan with poignant concert a year after Paris attacks See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © This is Global Limited 2016
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close MacBook Pro Touch Bar's T1 Chip Runs 'Variant' of watchOS, Also Secures Touch ID and FaceTime Camera [Updated] Friday October 28, 2016 9:28 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard In a series of tweets sent out last night, and now in an interview with The Verge, developer Steven Troughton-Smith has detailed the inner workings of the MacBook Pro's new retina Touch Bar, describing its T1 chip as "a variant of the system-on-a-chip used in the Apple Watch." This means that the Touch Bar is essentially running watchOS on the T1 chip, which macOS then communicates with through an interconnected USB bridge that "relays multitouch events back to macOS." The developer described this software setup as advantageous for the MacBook Pro's security, since the T1 chip also acts as a layer of protection and "gates access" to the laptop's FaceTime camera and Touch ID sensor. In the series of Tweets he sent out last night, Troughton-Smith also theorized that watchOS could power the Touch Bar alone without relying on macOS to be running on the MacBook Pro, which Apple software engineering chief Craig Federighi has now confirmed. "From everything I can piece together, the T1 chip in the new MacBook Pro is a variant of the system-on-a-chip used in the Apple Watch," explains Troughton-Smith, in an interview with The Verge. "Running watchOS on the T1 lets the Mac benefit from Apple's deep work on iOS embedded security, as the T1 gates access to the Touch ID sensor and, from the looks of it, the front-facing camera in the new MacBook Pro too." Despite the use of watchOS in the Touch Bar, the T1 chip "has no fixed storage" and boots from a 25MB ramdisk, so it's not the full version found on the Apple Watch that could run the complete watchOS UI with apps. As Troughton-Smith described it, "the 'watchOS' the T1 runs is presumably only 'watchOS' by dint of the CPU it's designed for. T1 must be very similar to S1." The developer also confirmed that the T1 chip and Touch ID sensor are paired together at the factory, so if either begins acting up, "you can't replace one without the other." What this means for the future of the MacBook Pro line could be a device that more closely bridges the gap between macOS and iOS, according to Troughton-Smith. "Perhaps someday it could run a higher class processor, like Apple's A-series chips, and allow macOS to 'run' iOS apps and Extensions, like iMessage apps, or manage notifications, system tasks, networking, during sleep, without having to power up the x86 CPU." Yesterday, Phil Schiller commented on the idea of Apple manufacturing a MacBook with a touchscreen, but he remained adamant that such a direct merger between macOS and iOS software wouldn't be "particularly useful." Likewise, Apple's newly published guidelines for developers describe the Touch Bar as "an input device," and "not a secondary display." Update: TechCrunch's Matthew Panzarino has shared a few more details on the T1 chip in the MacBook Pro. The T1 is the same chip that's inside the S2 in the new Series 2 Apple Watch, and is made up of the processor and the Secure Enclave. The T1 secures the Touch ID sensor, camera, Touch Bar, and the keychain where passwords are stored. As was previously suggested, the T1 runs a modified version of watchOS. Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 157 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) robsp2000 2 weeks ago It seems like Mac Rumors has been infested with trolls who only cry on and on about every little detail that they think sucks. I can't even read through here anymore to find any interesting posts talking about new features. If you don't like what Apple is doing then goodbye, go get a "faster better equipped", cheaper windows computer and enjoy that experience. It's really got to be mostly trolls, forums are horrible now. Rating: 39 Votes BootsWalking 2 weeks ago It seems like Mac Rumors has been infested with trolls who only cry on and on about every little detail that they think sucks. I can't even read through here anymore to find any interesting posts talking about new features. If you don't like what Apple is doing then goodbye, go get a "faster better equipped", cheaper windows computer and enjoy that experience. It's really got to be mostly trolls, forums are horrible now. Over 90% of yesterday's comments were negative about the new MacBook Pros. Do you really think all those posters were trolls? Pethaps you're the one who should leave the forums if you can't handle objective discussion about the merits or lack thereof of an Apple product. Rating: 19 Votes powertoold 2 weeks ago None of us have used Touch Bar, and at first I didn't think it'd be useful, but now that I've had a chance to digest it, I think it's an excellent idea with essentially no cons. Basically, the Touch Bar is superior to a full touch screen because it allows for a contextual menu to show up depending on where your cursor is or what window / tab you're in. For example, I'm typing this message, and yes, if I had a touch screen, I could reach up, but with the Touch Bar, I could see a wider contextual menu that is much more accessible for my hands, which are already on the keyboard. People are complaining that they'd need to look down at the Touch Bar, but over a short time, you'd get used to the Touch Bar options on your commonly used apps, and since the Touch Bar is color coordinated, you can easily tap it without looking. Rating: 18 Votes TMRJIJ 2 weeks ago It seems like Mac Rumors has been infested with trolls who only cry on and on about every little detail that they think sucks. I can't even read through here anymore to find any interesting posts talking about new features. If you don't like what Apple is doing then goodbye, go get a "faster better equipped", cheaper windows computer and enjoy that experience. It's really got to be mostly trolls, forums are horrible now. A MR member with class. Respect. Rating: 17 Votes rolsskk 2 weeks ago People are complaining that they'd need to look down at the Touch Bar, but over a short time, you'd get used to the Touch Bar options on your commonly used apps, and since the Touch Bar is color coordinated, you can easily tap it without looking. You can now feel colors?? [doublepost=1477670019][/doublepost] It seems like Mac Rumors has been infested with trolls who only cry on and on about every little detail that they think sucks. I can't even read through here anymore to find any interesting posts talking about new features. If you don't like what Apple is doing then goodbye, go get a "faster better equipped", cheaper windows computer and enjoy that experience. It's really got to be mostly trolls, forums are horrible now. You mean new features such as * No SD Card Slot * No USB-A ports * No MagSafe * Increased Price Points * EmojiBar * Anorexia Obsessed Jony Ive I'd honestly like to hear what you think what are the new features that are worth talking about with this release. Rating: 14 Votes F4C4 2 weeks ago I guess Apple wants to be a cellphone and smartwatch maker... I'm more excited by Microsoft new stuff like the Surface Studio... that's a sign that something is really wrong with how Apple is managing the Mac. Rating: 10 Votes enzoshadow 2 weeks ago I guess Apple wants to be a cellphone and smartwatch maker... I'm more excited by Microsoft new stuff like the Surface Studio... that's a sign that something is really wrong with how Apple is managing the Mac. The Surface Studio is also $3000 with last gen nvidia GPU. Rating: 9 Votes Rogifan 2 weeks ago I'm sorry but calling this an emoji bar is just a crap attempt at trolling. Rating: 8 Votes BootsWalking 2 weeks ago LOL at Phil saying a touchscreen wouldn't be "particularly useful". Completely contradicts Apple's claim that the iPad Pro is a viable alternative to a notebook. And if usefulness is the criterion for what gets included in a product then how did the touchbar slip through? Rating: 7 Votes marshallbedsaul 2 weeks ago touch I remember touch... Touch, I remember touch Pictures came with touch A painter in my mind Tell me what you see Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 11 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters I'm a Celebrity Gossip, pics and video from the jungle Got a story, picture or video to share? Quizzes Videos Most read News Sections Latest News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health Top News Plush Mayfair mansion of late fashion designer Alexander McQueen goes on sale for a cool £8.5 MILLION Most Read in News Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election New Zealand earthquake: Live updates as two more earthquakes hit South Island in aftermath of deadly quake Supermoon 2016: Live updates as the most spectacular full moon in nearly 70 YEARS happens around the world Scandal as 'pornographic' photographs of racy young minister uncovered Here's why Donald Trump's first meeting with Barack Obama overran by an hour Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Edward Snowden Steve Rowe Popular this week US Election Hillary Rodham Clinton Donald Trump Weather Remembrance Day Politics Football Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Top Sport No 1, no worries! Murray cruises to straight sets victory over Cilic for perfect start to ATP World Tour Finals bid to finish year on top of the world Most Read in Sport Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge ready to spark January transfer tug-of-war with Anfield exit "Football doesn't belong to you" - San Marino hit back at "bully" Thomas Muller's claim that playing against them is pointless Transfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as Premier League clubs prepare for January UFC 205 LIVE Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez with stunning second round TKO to win title Arsenal and Mesut Ozil close to £200,000-a-week deal that will keep him long-term — as their best-paid player Will Liverpool be top at Christmas? How upcoming fixtures compare to Premier League title rivals Popular this week Conor McGregor UFC 205 Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho Trending Today Conor McGregor Eddie Alvarez Cristiano Ronaldo Lionel Messi Thomas MÃ¼ller Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb News Top Celebs She's back! Kim Kardashian releases pics from her family Halloween party dressed as a belly dancer Most Read in Celebs Who is Joel Dommett? All you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Watch Sainsbury's Christmas advert 2016 as James Corden makes surprise chart bid for festive Number 1 Who is Wayne Bridge? Everything you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Donald Trump's wife Melania naked shoot for GQ Magazine as girl-on-girl photos are exposed Trending Today Donald Trump James Corden Taylor Swift Ola Jordan Joel Dommett Popular this week Michael Buble Leonard Cohen Cheryl Fernandez-Versini Honey G TV & Film Weird News Trending iPhone SE Apple Google Facebook WhatsApp Video Games Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home Technology MacBook Pro Your Account Edit Profile Logout MacBook Pro vs Surface Book: Apple and Microsoft go head-to-head but which 2016 laptop should you buy? 12:38, 31 Oct 2016 Updated 12:38, 31 Oct 2016 By Jeff Parsons Microsoft and Apple revealed new laptops within 24 hours of each other - but which one comes out on top   Share   Comments Get daily news by email Getty Images Apple and Microsoft have been rivals for the last three decades. And this week both companies revealed new flagship laptops with the hope of tempting you away from your cash. In Microsoft's corner is the Surface Book i7, a pumped up version of last year's flexible laptop with the funny hinge . Representing Apple is the latest version of the MacBook Pro , compete with the "Touch Bar" input above the keyboard. Both companies are gunning for your hard earned cash - and you can expect to part with a lot of it for either machine. But which is the best to choose? We've broken down the differences on several key points below, so you can see how the two machines stack up next to each other. Video loading Watch next Watch this video again Watch Next Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video Design Microsoft hasn't changed anything about the outward design of the Surface Book for the 2016 model. It's still got the matte grey colour scheme and the funky "dynamic fulcrum" hinge that Microsoft is so proud of. It's a spring-like mechanism that folds into itself when you close the laptop, leaving a noticable gap between keyboard and screen. Importantly, the screen can be completely detached from the keyboard, leaving you with a 13.5-inch tablet to use - something the MacBook Pro can't offer. Read More Apple quietly hikes UK price of ALL Mac computers by around 20% in wake of Brexit vote Getty Images Microsoft Corporate VP of Devices Panos Panay, talks about Microsoft Surface Book i7 Apple meanwhile has slimmed and lightened the MacBook Pro considerably for the 2016 model. It's also added the new Touch Bar above the keyboard which adapts the controls it shows depending on the application a user is currently working in. For example, favourites and bookmarks appear when the Safari browser is opened, and editing tools when viewing photos. The Touch Bar can also suggest words when you're typing out messages, and flash up emoji suggestions. Read More MacBook Pro 2016 hands-on review: An amazing machine with an eye-watering price Apple has added a Touch Bar to the new MacBook Pro When it comes to sizing, the MacBook Pro is available in 13-inch or 15-inch screen sizes while the Surface Book i7 sticks to 13.3-inches. The Surface Book's resolution is 3,000 x 2,000 pixels whilst the MacBook Pro's is 2,560 x 1,600. Price Pricing for both the MacBook and the Surface is (to put it mildly) a bit high. Apple's new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar and Touch ID cost £1,749 and £2,349 respectively . Read More Apple reveals UK price of new MacBook Pro - featuring TouchID and 'Touch Bar' for navigation The Surface Book Microsoft's i7 Surface Book starts out at £1,799 with a 256GB SSD hard drive and goes up to £2,649 for the 1TB version. Microsoft edges out Apple when it comes to pricing - so if you're looking to save fifty quid then the MacBook Pro is the one to go for. Specs and battery life In technological terms, both Microsoft and Apple have thrown the kitchen sink at these computers. Both use Intel's latest 6th generation processors with both an i7 and i5 option available. Both use SSD drives and dedicated graphics chips for video rendering and gaming. In fact, they're so similar that it's hard to say exactly which one would come out on top in a straight performance battle. Read More Windows 10 Creators Update: Release date, price and key features of Microsoft's next operating system update Phil Schiller discussing the MacBook Pro display Microsoft may just have the advantage when it comes to battery life though. The Surface Book i7 is quoted as having up to 16 hours of battery life while Apple only promises 10 hours of battery from the MacBook Pro . Conclusion When you look at the two devices on paper, then Microsoft appears to have edged it out with the superior battery life and a more detailed screen. But a choice between the two also comes down to software and, of course, your other devices. If you're an iPhone user with a big library of iTunes songs then it makes sense for you to go for the MacBook Pro . Read More Microsoft unveils Surface Studio FOLDING desktop PC with wafer-thin touchscreen and a giant hinge Similarly, if you've built up a back catalogue of Windows programs and want a machine that'll double as a tablet, it's a clear win for the Surface. And, as ever, these are only observations at the moment. We'll have to wait until the two machines actually make their way into the hands of paying customers to see which company comes out on top. Poll loading … DailyMirror Comments Show more comments Recently Published Revealed: The mobile software updates that are sapping your storage and destroying your battery life Operating system updates don't just take up space, they could be affecting the performance of your gadgets MacBook Pro 2016: Apple's new laptop is missing TWO iconic features UK to launch £1.9 BILLION cybersecurity strategy to strike back at hackers Previous Articles Apple MacBook event RECAP: Tim Cook reveals 2016 Macbook Pro at October keynote An invite-only event is being held at Apple's campus in California on October 27 to reveal the latest version of the MacBook laptops Apple reveals UK price of new MacBook Pro - featuring TouchID and 'Touch Bar' for navigation Related Tags Products MacBook Pro Microsoft Surface Organisations Microsoft Apple Recommended in Technology Which? Revealed: The mobile software updates that are sapping your storage and destroying your battery life Video Games PlayStation 4 Pro review: Sony's mid-generation upgrade is a gaming powerhouse Supermoon What time is the Supermoon 2016 in UK tonight and what is it? All you need to know about the biggest full moon in nearly 70 years Google doodles Who was Sir Frederick Banting? Google doodle celebrates scientist who used insulin to treat diabetes for the first time Supermoon Supermoon 2016 LIVE stream: Watch the spectacular lunar event as it happens around the world Supermoon Supermoon November 2016 - When is it, how to watch in UK and more dates of astronomical events including Leonid Meteor Shower Supermoon Supermoon November 2016: How to photograph the closest full supermoon of the century Video Games Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers review: a repetitive, dull game that ignores the cartoons it's based on CGI John Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Cybersecurity AdultFriendFinder hack has leaked details of more than 8million Brit accounts in largest ever data breach Most Read in Technology Nintendo Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console CGI John Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Nintendo Nintendo Classic Mini NES sells out in days as gamers rush to buy cheap and cheerful retro console Cybersecurity AdultFriendFinder hack has leaked details of more than 8million Brit accounts in largest ever data breach iPhone rumours iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Recommended on the Mirror Giant rats Neighbours claim street overrun with rats the size of PUPPIES and one even ate through garden shed Wayne Rooney Wayne Rooney 'drunk at private wedding' after England players celebrate win over Scotland Beverley Knight BBC cut Beverley Knight's shock collapse from Children in Need tribute show to Sir Terry Wogan Luis Suarez Barcelona ace Luis Suarez shows super keeper skills yet again... but you won't believe what he does next Crime Instagram 'Romeo and Juliet' live-stream shootout with police before 'killing themselves in horror double suicide' Animals Mutant cyclops goat born with one eye paraded in bizarre footage Garth Garth - 15th November 2016 The Gag Vault The Gag Vault - 15th November 2016 Perishers Perishers - 15th November 2016 Mandy Mandy - 15th November 2016 Like us on Facebook The Mirror   View: Desktop Mobile BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business Find a garage About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Politics World news Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Technology Play Bingo Casino Crosswords Competitions Dating Goal Time Poker UsVsTh3m Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Celebs Celebrity News US gossip Fashion & Beauty TV & film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Loans Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Psychic Staying in Going out Reader Offers Sex & Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring © MGN Limited
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The MacBook Pro is going to be the best Mac for most people Steve Kovach Oct. 28, 2016, 11:00 AM 14,066 facebook linkedin twitter email print The new MacBook Pro. Steve Kovach/Business Insider After years of waiting for a new MacBook Pro, we finally have it. On Thursday, Apple introduced redesigned MacBook Pros that are thinner, more powerful, and feature a unique digital control pad that replaces the traditional row of function keys. The new MacBooks are available to order now. The entry-level model without the new control pad, called the Touch Bar, is shipping now, and I've been playing around with one since Thursday afternoon. Below are a few quick first impressions of the MacBook Pro. I'll have a full review in a few weeks when the model with the Touch Bar is available because let's be honest — that's the feature most people care about. Still, the non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro is a good indicator of what to expect in terms of power, design, and usability. Let's break it down. Design The MacBook Pro has been significantly slimmed down. In fact, its overall footprint is smaller than my MacBook Air. It's still heavier and a little thicker than the Air, but the new form factor makes it so portable that I can see why Apple is positioning the entry-level model as a more powerful alternative. (But let's be honest, we were all hoping for a new MacBook Air with Retina display.) The new Space Gray color is great too. It's more attractive than the standard silver color. I have a feeling it'll be the most popular option. Keyboard This is the second version of Apple's super-thin keyboard that was originally introduced in the 12-inch MacBook last year. The keys don't travel as much as normal keys, but there's a new mechanism inside that makes them feel more clicky than the keys on the regular MacBook.  A lot of people don't like this new style of keyboard, but I've always loved it. It takes some time to get used to, but once you do, you'll feel like everything else is inadequate. Performance The new MacBook Pro has a major boost in power on its predecessors. I haven't had time to put it through its paces yet, but Apple did brag yesterday that it blows the last MacBook Pro away by every measure from graphics, to storage speeds, to processing power. You're going to need a lot of dongles Thunderbolt 3 ports. Steve Kovach/Business Insider This is the most frustrating thing about the MacBook Pro. It doesn't have traditional USB ports or chargers. Instead, it uses something called Thunderbolt 3, which is used for charging, video output, and data transfers. Thunderbolt 3 also works with USB-C accessories. (USB-C is the new standard plug that'll eventually replace regular USB.) Yes, it's all very confusing. And it'll continue to be confusing until USB-C becomes the universal standard in a few years. The entry MacBook Pro has two Thunderbolt 3 ports, so you can charge and plug in an accessory or monitor at the same time if you want. But if you want to use older accessories or even charge your iPhone, you're going to need to buy a separate adapter or brand-new cable. That's going to be super annoying for a lot of people as the industry continues to shift to USB-C. For example, the cable that lets you charge your iPhone in the MacBook Pro will cost you $25. Yikes. Do you need the Touch Bar? I also got to spend a few minutes with the Touch Bar model of the MacBook Pro. What surprised me the most was how it doesn't look as bright and shiny as an iPhone touchscreen. Instead, it has a matte finish that helps it match the physical keys on the keyboard. It's a nice touch. In my limited time with the Touch Bar, I found it responsive and clever in the ways it adapts to what you're doing on screen. (The emoji selection tool is especially useful.) It works well with all of Apple's preinstalled apps like Mail and iMessage, and a few third-party apps like Microsoft Office have already come up with clever tools for the Touch Bar. The MacBook Pro's Touch Bar. Steve Kovach/Business Insider On the other hand, there are some features that don't quite make sense since they require you to look down at the Touch Bar instead of what you're typing on the main screen. For example, word suggestions pop up when you're typing, just like they do on the iPhone. But that means you have to stare at the keyboard while you type instead of the screen if you want to use that feature. It makes sense on the iPhone, where the screen and keyboard are the same, but it's strange to use on a laptop. My gut tells me the Touch Bar will be useful for a lot of people, but not entirely essential, especially for an extra $300. I tend to agree with my colleague Matt Rosoff that Apple would've impressed more people by making the main display a giant touchscreen instead. Still, I'll reserve final judgment for after I've had time to thoroughly test the Touch Bar. That's a really long way of saying that the entry-level MacBook Pro that I've been using will likely be good enough for many, if not most people. I'll have more thoughts on the MacBook Pro in a few weeks, so keep an eye out for the full review. So far though, it seems like a much-needed improvement over the last model. I have a feeling this is going to be the best Mac for most people. SEE ALSO: Apple's new MacBooks, explained NOW WATCH: Here’s your first look at the ‘Touch Bar’ — the biggest change coming to the MacBook Pro Loading video... More: Apple MacBook Pro facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The MacBook Pro is going to be the best Mac for most people The MacBook Pro is going to be the best Mac for most people After years of waiting for a new MacBook Pro... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Here's how much the new MacBook Pro will cost you in new adapters and cables Max Langridge28 October 2016Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has just announced the 2016 MacBook Pro, representing the first major overhaul of the company's ubiquitous laptop since 2012. There have been screen changes, processor upgrades and a bit of weight loss over the years, but the new model is completely new. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster and very touchy feely Apple MacBook Pro (2016) vs Apple MacBook Pro (2015): What's the difference? The 2016 model is much, much thinner than before, thinner than the MacBook Air at its thickest point in fact, but to achieve that, Apple has had to remove an awful lot of ports and connections, ones that you've grown to know and love. Apple shows no mercy in the search of thinness. Now, if you want to connect anything to the MacBook Pro (2016) you'll need to via any of the four Thunderbolt 3 ports - there's two ports on the 13in MacBook Pro without Touch Bar. That means you can't simply plug in your USB devices, including your iPhone or SD cards, or devices that use HDMI. If you want to do anything with the MacBook Pro, and considering you've bought a Pro, you're probably going to want to, you're going to need an awful lot of adapters. Fortunately, Apple's store is now bursting with the things, but they don't come cheap. A 1m USB-C to Lightning cable to connect your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch will set you back £25, but if you want 2 metres, you'll need to part with £35. Apple ships each MacBook Pro (2016) with a 61W USB-C power adapter and a 2m USB-C cable, replacements of these cost £69 and £19 respectively. If you want to transfer photos from your camera to your MacBook Pro you'll need an SD card to USB-C adapter, SanDisk has one on the Apple Online Store for £45. If you want to connect any other USB devices, a USB-C to USB adapter will cost you £19 and a USB-C to Thunderbolt 2 adapter costs £49. Not cheap then, but when it comes to Apple you don't tend to expect anything less. It's unfortunate Apple has gone down the route of removing what will likely be vital ports for a lot of Pro users. If you buy one of everything on this list, not including the 3m USB-C to Lightning cable, you're look at £226 worth of cables and adapters. Or you could combine almost all the ports you'd need into one box and get the OWC USB-C dock for £170. Just saying. Sections Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close The dual-screened LG V20 launches in Canada at Videotron and Wind Mobile Soylent stops powdered meal sales after more customers get sick 13-inch MacBook Pro Hands-on: Apple’s lowest-end Pro is a fitting successor to the Air Patrick O'Rourke October 28, 2016 11:00am The MacBook Air has essentially been pushed aside by Apple, but from its ashes, rises the 13-inch MacBook Pro, a worthy, but still expensive no-frills successor to what is regarded by many as the best laptop ever made. This version of Apple’s new, revamped MacBook Pro line does not include the heavily touted Touch Bar, that feature is reserved for the company’s two higher-end models. The build If you were hoping for a reimagining of the laptop akin to Microsoft’s Surface line, Apple’s 13-inch Pro is not for you. The new MacBook Pro features an aluminum body that’s very similar to the one that encased the previous MacBook Pro, though it’s 17 percent lighter and features 23 percent less volume than the previous generation of the Pro. It comes in at 1.3kg (about 3lb), approximately half a pound lighter than the older 13-inch Pro. In fact, if you were to compare the 13-inch MacBook Pro with the 13-inch MacBook Air, the new version is 12 percent thinner — though it doesn’t feature the same slanted body — and it’s also the same exact weight. The laptop is now available in two finishes as well: Silver and Space Grey, which was dropped from the iPhone line with the 7 and 7 Plus. Stunning display Apple likes to tout its intricate design process with wordy acronyms and sometimes abstract concepts, and that hasn’t changed with the 13-inch Pro. In fact, it’s progressed to a new level, with the company claiming the Pro’s display features “oxide TFT” technology that allows it to be 30 percent more power efficient than the screen in the previous generation of devices. I have no idea what oxide TFT is or what it does to make the Pro’s screen look better, but what I do know is that I’m impressed with what I’ve seen of the display so far. All technical jargon aside, the Pro’s screen looks great, likely because the company says it’s 67 percent brighter than the previous MacBook Pro screen, allowing you to see more detail in bright ambient light conditions. I’ve spent time browsing the internet, watching Netflix and even edited a few photos with the laptop’s 2560 x 1600 pixel display. Keyboard and Trackpad upgrades Similar to the Touch Bar featured in its high-end siblings, the low-end Pro features the Butterfly keyboard mechanism pulled from the 12-inch MacBook. While some hate this revamped keyboard, I’m fond of it and find it not only allows me to type faster but more accurately as well, especially when compared to the old school Pro and Air typeface. After spending about 20 minutes typing on the Pro’s new keyboard, including while writing up this hands-on, I started to notice that the keys actually feel slightly more responsive than the ones present in the Pro’s smaller, 12-inch brother. I’m not sure why exactly, but they do. The standard function keys present in older versions of Apple’s laptops but absent from the new Touch Bar wielding devices, also makes a return in this lower-end iteration. Here’s where things get worthwhile, though; apart from an obvious subtle aesthetic shift to a flat, no longer slopped body, the new MacBook Pro’s absolutely massive trackpad is a welcome change. Multi-Touch gestures are easier to input thanks to the trackPad’s 46 percent larger size. I’ve always found Apple’s trackpads to be the differentiating factor in the laptop market. Despite how much I like Microsoft’s Surface Book and to a lesser extent, the Surface, neither device’s trackpad feels as fluid as Apple’s technology, especially when the new Pro is taken into consideration. I’m less fond of the shift towards Force Touch and away from a physical click, but similar to the 12-inch MacBook, I’ll likely get used to it. It’s also worth noting that the virtual Force Touch “click” in the Pro actually feels more satisfying than the tech did with the 12-inch MacBook. Under the hood Apple has made some lofty claims about the 13-inch Pro regarding its hardware prowess, stating that its Core i7 Skylake architecture and integrated Intel Iris Graphics 540 card are significantly more powerful than the tech featured in its predecessor. Some expected more of a technical leap with Apple’s new Pros that included Intel’s new Kaby Lake architecture as well as an independent graphics card on the lower-end version, especially considering their hefty price tag, but unfortunately that is not the case. All in, Apple claims that the new 13-inch MacBook is 80 percent faster than the previous generation of the 13-inch MacBook Pro. While this is likely true, I haven’t had enough time to push the computer yet. On paper, however, the new Pro is certainly impressive, with the laptop sporting 8GB of RAM, Intel Core i5 processor and a 256GB SSD drive. Where things start to get murky is when the laptops Thunderbolt 3 (which are just USB-C ports) are taken into consideration. Yes, USB-C makes life difficult right now, but there is no doubt that it is the future of connectivity. Would it have been great if Apple included USB-C and standard USB-A ports in the Pro? Definitely, but that also would result in the laptop being slightly thicker. Like it or not the #donglelife is here to stay, at least in this awkward transition period between port technology. The 13-inch Pro features two USB-C ports that can be used for charging, instead of the four featured in its 13-inch and 15-inch with Touch Bar compatriots. While I’ve defended the decision to opt for USB-C in these new laptops, what’s impossible to argue is how easy it would have been for Apple to include a free adapter that allows older USB-A to be plugged into the laptop. Apple definitely heard the vocal complaints from 12-inch MacBook owners but opted not to listen when it comes to this refresh. High price tag The 13-inch Pro’s price tag is unfortunately astronomical, especially in Canada, coming in at $1,899 to the shock of many of us living north of the border. The price is difficult to navigate, especially when the laptop, despite a minor aesthetic face lift and a collection of new features, may not be enough of an upgrade for those who recently purchased a MacBook Pro or Air. If you have an aging MacBook Pro Air, one from 2012 or even as far back as 2011, this could be the device for you, especially if you scoffed at Apple’s more expensive Touch Bar equipped versions of the new Mac. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 Hands-on: A future without function keys Robbie Crash “regarded by many as the best laptop ever made.” [citation needed] Patrick O’Rourke My academic source is a quick Google search for any reputable tech website 🙂 BetelgeuseOrion from what i can tell most tech sites are bashing the product simply because its just a slow piece of junk no 4K options, no modern ram options, 1866MHz for the base model? lol this isnt early 2015, current standard is 2400MHz no 64-128GB ram options (you know, for real pros that need to do real work on the go), no 32bit dac (again, touted as a pro device for artists and professionals but lacking the hardware) no option for dual storage (needed for video rendering) no option for Kaby lake procs (WTF apple its 2016Q4) no option for the faster HK cpu (if you are going to use skylake at least have the faster cpu available) no option for a video card that doesnt suck, no nvidia pascal options at all! jesus christ i am not going back to AMD remember, this is a $3000 laptop (15″), and it can barely render videos at half the speed of $1000 models. the new apple products reminds me of civics with fart can’s and under body neon pretending to be fast, all show and no go. i will not be upgrading my e2013 MBP13, dropping the HDMI/DP (i use nearly everyday), sd card reader (every time i take pictures) and other ports make the new models even more useless. Mo Dabbas lol. like cult of mac and 9to5 mac?? Just kiddin’. I respect your personal opinion. I find the new macbook pro not compelling though. Even CNET (who are relatively pro Apple) are criticizing the product quite a lot. If I am looking for a macbook pro now I would probably search for a used 2015 one. Still a very capable device, broadwell is still a very capable processor and it’s not very different from Skylake. You also get proper ports. I personally don’t get how apple promote the new macbook pro a tool for designers and photographers when the thing doesn’t even has and SD card reader anymore to load up those photos from a DSLR. If one to buy all the dongles needed for the new macbook pro that’s an extra 100 bucks if not more. Also, did apple forget about their other macs?? Seems like everybody forgot that the iMac, mac mini and mac pro has been the same for the past 2-4 years. I was expecting a refresh for at least one of those Patrick O’Rourke I think updates to the other Macs are still coming, they just weren’t at this keynote. The thing that surprises me is that some people actually thought Apple was going to release an affordable $1500 Mac with higher-end hardware, when that has never been what the company does with its laptops. They’re always pricey, but what you’re paying for is build quality and a specific aesthetic look rather than hardware. shuelin I suspect my 2014 MacBook Pro will be my last, paying over $2000 (taxes) for a laptop is simply too much for mine, and probably others, budgets. Geoff W. That price is nuts, sorry. Does it at least come with some Vaseline, or Percocets, or maybe a coupon for a free lobotomy completion? Stinky There isn’t really any need to shroud the term “oxide TFT” in mystery or to colour it as a term that Apple made up for the occasion. The technology is a real thing and is more than a decade old. WikiPedia is a good place to start. Patrick O’Rourke I think you’re missing the point completely. Yes, oxide TFT is a real thing, sure, but it isn’t exactly common knowledge. Apple throws out words like this all the time at their press conferences and it’s getting tiresome. Bob Loblaw How much do you guys get paid by Apple to write these puff pieces? Patrick O’Rourke I get paid exclusively via in-app purchases in Clash of Clans. Cowpoke You told ‘im…you told ‘im gooood. Stinky I, for one, welcome our new no longer slopped body. For obvious subtle aesthetic reasons. Kven Discounting the fact that it only has 2 ports, I find it absolutely hilarious that you can’t plug in an iPhone without an adapter, yet you can plug in most new android phones. If Steve Jobs was still around he’d be firing people left right and centre. Will Maitner How is this really any different than when computers dropped the serial port in favor of the USB port? And even most new Android phones still come with MicroUSB, not USB C. Tom Gray I agree with Kven in this sense. I’m a huge Apple fan. I got an older MacBook Air 2011 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Let’s say I buy the new MacBook Pro, take it home and suddenly 2 weeks later my iPhone gets an error and throws me into recovery mode, which requires me to plug it into my MacBook. My first assumption would be, just grab my cable and plug it in…. whoops… now I have to travel back to buy an adapter to connect 2 products that are suppose to work hand in hand? it’s just a terrible idea to have a proprietary port on your phone, include the cable for your phone, but make it so it doesn’t fit your computer. BetelgeuseOrion it is different, they released the iphone 7 only a couple months ago, and the new line of MBP a couple days ago. you would think they designed everything to work “seamlessly” in the closed apple wall garden but its a complete joke. Cowpoke You’re right, dude-bro…I’m cryin’ too. The Iceman Cometh The guy is rolling in his grave for sure. jay why you guys complaing about the price? when i saw the keynote right they ship with the LG monitors. so whats the big deal getting two extra screens and a high end laptop… hahaha never saw such a negative comments after an apple keynote. wondering why? Bob Loblaw Bill Burr on the legacy of Steve Jobs: “New phone can’t fit the old charger, This is your hero?” Cowpoke Right. Some folks’ll cry about anything right…? Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialAcademiceSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Microsoft blows open the VR race with a quiet bombshell It's not about Scorpio; competitively priced, cross-compatible headsets will finally give the PC a VR platform that can compete with Sony's PSVR Rob Fahey Friday 28th October 2016 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Those who cling fervently to tech allegiances of yesteryear might bristle at this suggestion, but of late it's become increasingly obvious; Microsoft is getting more and more like Apple in many regards. Like its competitor and frenemy down the coast in Cupertino, Microsoft has adopted a tech strategy that focuses on being better rather than being first. With everything from cloud services to Xbox to Surface, the company isn't so much innovating as polishing; taking ideas that have been done before, for better or worse, and giving them a degree of shine, lustre and usability, along with a place in the sprawling Microsoft ecosystem. Like Apple, so often mocked for failing to do things first by those who lack an understanding of the importance of doing things well, Microsoft nowadays is rarely the first guest at a party, but it's usually the one who turns most heads when it walks in. It's in this context that Microsoft's announcement of its VR plans, or at least of the broad shape of its VR plans, is a quiet game-changer for the industry. PC VR finds itself in a peculiar place right now. It's quantifiably better than PlayStation VR in many regards, but PSVR has Sony's backing, a reasonable price-tag, a popular, standardised piece of hardware powering it, and has probably already sold through more units than any PC VR headset, or even all of them combined. Even as Sony cleans up in terms of market share and public perception, there's an odd little standards war - a standards skirmish, perhaps - being fought between Oculus and HTC, something the PC VR sector can ill-afford at this point in its tentative development. "This is unquestionably a huge deal for PC VR, one which stands to make it genuinely competitive with Sony's offering" In walks Microsoft, with a low-key announcement that looks like it will ultimately change the face of this part of the industry. The gist appears to be that Microsoft is creating a baseline specification and outline for VR headsets which will form the basis for new, relatively low-cost headsets from the likes of HP, Dell, Lenovo, Acer and Asus - all of whom are signed up to create devices. We don't know about the specs yet, but given the price tag, something similar to PSVR seems reasonable (and we now know that that's a perfectly good entry level VR device). Crucially, the baseline specifications seem to include 'inside-out' tracking - meaning they'll track your movements from the headset itself, rather than needing cameras or sensors positioned around the room, which are a major impediment to consumer adoption of VR as it stands. This is unquestionably a huge deal for PC VR, one which stands to make it genuinely competitive with Sony's offering, especially if Microsoft's VR support in Windows 10 makes setting up and using the devices seamless, and if the baseline PC spec for using VR applications is dropped to something reasonable. While Oculus and HTC/Valve will remain significant players in the space in some capacity - likely at the high end - it's not unreasonable to expect that Microsoft's specification will become the baseline for the whole market. That's not a bad thing; a baseline spec with room for innovation on features, design and pricing will provide consumers with healthy competition without risk of a standards war or of clashing, incompatible software and hardware issues. It's exactly what the sector needs. It's also a major boost for VR as a consumer proposition. It's still, to some degree, a solution in search of a problem, and I maintain that the applications for VR in the consumer space will be significantly more limited, both in appeal and in function, than many proponents of the technology anticipate. Microsoft's HoloLens AR system, which the company appears to now accept as being a related technology to VR, rather than insisting on clear blue water between the technologies, is a much more exciting prospect in terms of changing how we interact with the machines and information in our lives - but being realistic, it's also far, far further down the line, and faces significantly higher technical hurdles than VR. Indeed, the hurdles they face are similar, to the extent that it's fair to say we simply can't have convincing AR until such time as we have damned near perfect VR - so it makes sense for a firm with AR as its ultimate goal to throw its weight behind VR now. For all that VR's true appeal in the consumer market is uncertain, though, it will be a huge boost to have a wide range of cross-compatible headsets on the market, with the accompanying competition between manufacturers. If VR headsets become normalised as something that you can buy with a new PC or laptop, just as you click a button to buy an external keyboard or display now, the number of consumers willing to take the plunge for a few hundred dollars more will undoubtedly be significant. VR's technical challenges, in many ways, pale in comparison to the social challenge it faces; by normalising headsets as an ordinary device with many manufacturers, designs and price points, not to mention one supported natively by the most popular operating system in the world, Microsoft's initiative takes a big step in the right direction. "In a sense, Microsoft's quiet bombshell marks the real beginning of the consumer VR race. Sony's got a major head start and a great product; its task now is to put as much water between itself and Microsoft before the arrival of the Windows 10 headsets as possible" Much attention within the games business, of course, will be focused on the potential interaction between Microsoft's headsets and Scorpio. It seems inevitable that Scorpio will support the headsets, but that side of things feels like something of a distraction. There's no suggestion that Xbox One (S) will ever support a VR headset, so when Scorpio arrives it'll be building up an installed base of VR-ready consoles from zero. I'm not convinced that's a terribly interesting proposition, at least not for the first year or two. Of course, an extra platform capable of running a standardised headset design that also works with PCs is a good thing; but unless Scorpio ships with a headset as standard (something I think Microsoft will quite rightly recoil from, given the mess they made by shipping Kinect 2 as standard with Xbox One), it's unlikely to make a big impact on the state of the VR sector as a whole. Microsoft's headsets, certainly, will live and die by their popularity as a PC accessory, not by Scorpio's hand. It's worth observing, of course, that Microsoft's effort at VR exists, for now, simply as a partnership with some manufacturers and a statement of intent. Sony's, meanwhile, is in stores (well, okay, there are stickers saying 'Out of Stock' on its displays in stores, if we're being accurate) and in consumers' hands. The enormous head-start PSVR enjoys over its most promising consumer rival cannot be underestimated; for the next 12 months, at least, Sony essentially has a clear run at this nascent market. It may be that that's not good for anything other than building up a devoted niche audience; it may be that VR simply isn't ready for its moment in the sun until widespread PC support and a range of headsets conforming to a common standard appears. Nobody knows the timeline for VR adoption, let alone what its likely market ceiling will be. For now, though, there's only one real player in the consumer VR market - and Sony, too, isn't half bad at polishing existing technology to an impressive shine, as the high quality feel of the PSVR hardware proves. In a sense, Microsoft's quiet bombshell marks the real beginning of the consumer VR race. Sony's got a major head start and a great product; its task now is to put as much water between itself and Microsoft before the arrival of the Windows 10 headsets as possible. It's an odd kind of race, though, as it's one in which neither party really knows what the prize on offer will turn out to be; but whatever the fortunes of consumer VR in the near term, the technological development that will result from this competition will underwrite much of the future of how we interact with the devices, information, networks and entertainment around us. Sign up for The VR & AR newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories HTC announces wireless adaptor for Vive Pre-orders open today for kit which frees the HMD from its tethers By Dan Pearson 4 days ago VR awaits its Michael Jordan New VR studio Drifter believes in the physicality of the medium and sees a bright future ahead for VR eSports By James Brightman 4 days ago Latest comments (1) Todd Weidner Founder, Big Daddy Game Studio17 days ago Competition is good, but right now we have one company off and running with a great product, and another floundering with nothing but promises. 1Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote First Look: 13-inch MacBook Pro Posted on Friday, October 28th, 2016 at 8:01 am. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple After attending the Mac Event at Apple’s Cupertino headquarters yesterday, I met with company executives to get a closer look at the new MacBook Pro. It is more impressive in person than the demos were able to portray. I left the meeting with a 13-inch MacBook Pro, but sadly this model doesn’t have the much vaunted Touch Bar. I did, however, get to spend some time playing with the Touch Bar in the Hands-On area after the keynote, so I will be able to give you some thoughts on that new feature. I’ve only been using the MacBook Pro for about eight hours (and still have over an hour of battery left), so it’s certainly not enough time to give you a full review or even my finalized thoughts. I will tell you some of the things I like about it so far. In a future review, I’ll talk more about the Touch Bar and using the computer on some more CPU intensive tasks like recording music. Let’s get to it… We might as well talk about the Touch Bar first. Going into the keynote, I wasn’t sure how I felt about the Touch Bar. However, having used it a bit, I like it a lot more than I thought I would. Touch Bar is more contextual than just changing for apps—it can change for the different things you do inside of the app as well. This makes the Touch Bar infinitely more useful because you’ll be able to do things in each app and with each task. The Touch Bar is smart too. For instance, if you want to turn the volume down, you can tap on the volume button and then touch on the slider to control the volume level. Pretty simple. But you can do it even quicker—you can tap and hold on the volume button and just scrub left or right to control the volume level. The volume slider still appears and moves when you scrub your finger, but it’s much quicker to just tap and hold. You can scrub through a lot of things including, songs, video, pictures, and I’m sure many other things in Apple’s built-in apps. The types of things you can get in the Touch Bar seems to be very wide ranging. Emojis, buttons, sliders, scrollers, pictures, timelines, and the list goes on. Since the Touch Bar is configurable, exactly how people use it will become a personal choice. It’s impossible for me to say how much use I’ll get out of it with the limited time I had yesterday, but I can see using it a lot, especially with music. The Touch Bar has an ambient light sensor built-in so it’s always at a comfortable brightness for the conditions you’re working in. When the computer is not in use, the bar will dim after 60 seconds and then go dark after about 75 seconds. Touching the keyboard will wake it up instantly. The Touch Bar is designed to be seen at a normal working angle when sitting at the computer. In other words, you don’t need to be looking straight down at the computer to see it properly. There are a lot of details in the Touch Bar that exemplify Apple’s attention to detail. This is exactly what we expect from the company. Let’s talk about something else I was very happy to see come to the MacBook Pro: The new keyboard. MacBook Pro gets an updated version of the MacBook keyboard. The new wider keys with the butterfly mechanism is a fantastic keyboard. I loved it when it came out on the MacBook and I love the one on the pro. It seems to me that there is a little more travel distance when you press down on a key with the newer keyboard. I actually like that a bit better. After using both, the MacBook keys didn’t have enough travel. This one feels much better to me. I still have the same problem with the arrow keys as I had with the MacBook keyboard—together they form a rectangle, which makes it difficult to tell, just from feel, where you are on the keyboard. The Force Touch Trackpad is 46% larger than the previous generation, but it is so quiet. My MacBook makes an audible sound like older trackpads did, but the sound on the pro is different. It’s a more subtle sound—it’s there, you can hear it, but it seems quieter, more subdued. Being a music guy, I have to mention the speakers. They sound really good, even at high volume. Most notebook speakers will tend to crack a little bit at high volume, but these sound really clear. I fed some Ozzy through them today and they really seemed to like it—as they would. The stereo separation was very noticeable on songs like the beginning of “Crazy Train,” which was impressive. I didn’t try any Thunderbolt accessories on the MacBook Pro. There wasn’t enough time to do any real testing anyway, but I’ll get to that in a later article. I’ll also test out some music creation to see how the CPU does under some guitar recording stress. The last major feature is the display. This is Apple’s first MacBook that features the use of a wide color gamut. They’ve used it in the iPhone 7 and iPad Pro, but it’s important that Apple also used it in the MacBook Pro—this is the computer that photographers and film people will be using, so it should be there. The display is 30 percent more power efficient than the previous generation and it’s also brighter and has a higher contrast ratio. There is nothing I’ve seen so far that gives me any pause about the new MacBook Pro. It has tons of power, an amazing display, an innovative Touch Bar, and plenty of inputs via the Thunderbolt ports. There is no doubt that I’ll be getting one of these. Kam Banwait What’s your main use for a Pro? Steven Fisher I’ve been deeply dissatisfied with how function keys work on the Mac ever since the Fn key was added. This is a major step in the right direction. What’s the purpose of the Fn key now that we’ve got the touch bar? Surely not just to switch Return to Enter. David Stewart I assume Fn-Arrow will still go up a page, down a page, beginning of document, end of document. Fn-Delete will hopefully still forward delete. Steven Fisher facepalm Oh, of course. I just zoomed in on the keyboard to look for alternate captions on the keyboard. Forgot to engage my brain there. Sigivald I recall hearing that Fn also gives you “normal f-keys” on the bar? Steven Fisher If tapping it (or holding it) just expanded one of the regions temporarily (maybe all Application, or all System) that’d be enough, really. So sure. Plenty of uses (or possible uses) for it. DanielSw I seem to recall from the presentation that when you press the Fn key the bar displays the standard function keys. samdchuck There was a strange strange lack of boasting about battery life in the keynote this time. rick gregory They mentioned it at 10 hours but it feels like 10 hours is kind of the standard and not worth crowing over anymore. Early on, with the Haswell Airs etc they were so far ahead of others that it was a competitive advantage. Now, it’s table stakes. samdchuck Which is sad. rick gregory Why? I mean, very few people would view more battery life as a big deal. I know I don’t really care about the difference between, say, 10 and 14 hours. I’m almost never going to be without power that long. samdchuck Because as long as I can remember Apple has always boasted about better battery life with every new release and now it seems to feels its ‘good enough’, and not even worth mentioning. “Good enough” and “Apple” shouldn’t go together. BringinItAllTogether iPads have been “10 hours” since the beginning. Hasn’t ever changed no matter which iPad it is or which size it is. rick gregory 5 weeks…. grrr…. tempted to get the entry level machine but I know that’s a mistake. /impatient. bitguru It’s interesting that MacRumors says that “the Touch Bar is essentially running watchOS on the T1 chip, which macOS then communicates with through an interconnected USB bridge that ‘relays multitouch events back to macOS.'” Since it communicates through USB, it seems to me that might be room for an external keyboard with Touch Bar in Apple’s line-up, for desktop Macs. Steven Fisher Maybe one day, but for now… I doubt many want a (total wild-assed guess here) $400 keyboard. rj Its $300 to move up to the touch bar model. But that also includes a better CPU and video, and more thunderbolt ports. So I think a touch bar external keyboard in the $150-200 range is feasible. It seems inevitable that something like that will eventually be available. I can’t imagine they’d introduce a brand new input method and not make it available to desktop users, or people who use an external keyboard with their powerbooks. Steven Fisher I admit I approached it from the other angle. Their current keyboard is $100. Adding a touch bar means (roughly) adding an Apple Watch with a really weird-sized screen. What’s that worth? I gotta figure it’s about $300 all-in, especially once the battery is boosted. Then again, a wired keyboard costing less might be possible. I still don’t think they’re going to be as little as $200 (let alone $150) in the next year or two, though. Prof. Peabody The only thing that gives me pause is the price. It’s a bit disappointing that reviews don’t really talk about the ridiculously high prices Apple charges for things nowadays. The reality is, the people writing these reviews are wealthy individuals themselves and kind of living in a bubble when it comes to affordability. For the average consumer, this laptop is completely out of reach price-wise. Sigivald That’s what the MacBook is for. (And as someone who’s used low-end PC laptops, if that’s your price cap, Apple doesn’t want your money. Not because it’s snobbish, but because Apple can’t make a quality, profitable product in the $399 space. Indeed, I’m not sure anyone can, on quality – or on profit, without a shovel full of crapware to get kickbacks. Apple just isn’t in that market, nor does it have to be… On the other hand, I’m not so sure the “average [laptop] consumer” is actually priced out.) Simon If the MacBook was $999 and the new $1,799 13″ Pro was $1,299, maybe even $1,499, I’d agree. But the prices on these new models is outrageous even for Apple. I am not necessarily priced out, just insulted, so won’t be buying one any time soon. David Stewart If you look around at comparable notebooks from Dell or Microsoft they are in the same realm. So if it is outrageous, then it is an industry-wide outrage. Simon I am too lazy to check if you are correct, but it was my impression these other companies were matching Apple’s previous generation pricing. These latest prices seem to be on a whole new level. The $1,799 price for what really ought to be the base 13″ MacBook Pro is the one I can’t get over. There is no discrete GPU, only 256GB HD, 8GB RAM and it is small. A machine like this, however beautiful, shouldn’t be costing 2 grand (if you include tax). Some are saying this is analogous to the original Air, which debuted at a similar price. I don’t buy this. This is not a new product category like that was, this is the same old MacBook Pro with a neat new toolbar. I have been happily paying the Apple tax for years, as I love the products. This Macbook Pro has an Apple tax on top of the Apple tax. Prof. Peabody this is not true. David Stewart Anyone can go to Microsoft’s website and see that the the Surface Book starts at exactly the same price as the 13″Macbook Pro. The Surface Book with the Performance base hits the same price as the 15″ Macbook Pro. It is a similar story for the Dell XPS laptops. rick gregory Here’s the thing – the new entry level MacBook is the same price as the equivalent configuration was last year. What’s different is that there’s no 128g option. THAT started at $1299… but last year’s Pro with 256gig was $1499. Benchmarks put the 2.0ghz. Skylake at the equivalent of the 2.7 Broadwell in that model too. Simon This is true, and it’s a good way to make yourself feel better when dropping the cash, but last year’s 128GB ought to be this year’s 256GB. SSDs drop in price significantly each year. As do the chips. Hence my “what really ought to be the base 13″ MacBook Pro” comment. There is a certain amount of guess work in my estimation here, but if I’m off, it’s not by far. rick gregory Actually, the SSDs used by apple don’t really drop in price (more correctly, the SSDs in this generation are significantly faster than last) and these aren’t the same chips so, though you’re right that the chips used in the last generation are now cheaper, we’re on new chips. Now… do I think this model should have been $100 cheaper than it is? Actually.. yes I do. But I can’t get excited about $100. Prof. Peabody You see? Your reply assumes that I’m broke, or cheap, or just plain poor. Why would that be? I spend thousands of dollars a year on Apple equipment. I don’t mind spending money if the device is worth it and since ALL Apple computers are quite a good deal more expensive than the Windows alternatives, I pay the “premium” on a regular basis. This is not that. This is Apple releasing a CRIPPLED version of this year’s Mac Book Pro 13″ simply because it’s so f*cking expensive now, that they absolutely HAD to. Apple’s prices have ALL risen significantly across the board for years now and it’s something worth talking about. The fact that you have to be upper-middle class just to afford an Apple product is a real thing, and it’s important. Whether you think so or not. Clark The prices have increased for the equivalent models of last year. No explanation other than that they added the touch bar. Generally Apple’s prices have been on a downward trajectory – I remember paying $6000 years ago – but it would seem they wish to reverse the trend. Then you add the fact that you can’t upgrade these machines, so you end up paying huge margins on Apple supplied upgrades. I was going to buy a new pro and hand down my current one. I will certainly wait, that is unless reviews state a dramatic increase in performance. Prof. Peabody I disagree about the “downward” trajectory. You have to include the 1980’s and 90’s I think to justify a statement like that. My last Mac Pro (the tower) was about $4,000 and a new cylindrical one (three years old actually) is about $6,000 for roughly the same configuration. If they ever update it, it will likely hit $7,000 at least. And I’m only talking about quad-core models here as I don’t need more than that. You can easily configure one for much more than that. Apple’s prices are simply ridiculous. And they are all much higher than they were even a year or two ago. That’s the truth. Elizabethbjohnson4 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj217d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj217d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash217NetworkHomeGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj217d:….,…… Frogstik This film person isn’t going to use it…I moved to a desktop PC for my heavy video work. Creative Cloud runs the same on both. I needed power and ports for all my devices…not dongles. I’m actually glad I have the 2015 MBP as my Mac machine. It’s useful out of the box. rattyuk If you’ve moved to a desktop PC then you’d not be looking at a new MacBook Pro whatever the price. Will Taylor thatpricetho Theresajmitchell Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj214d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj214d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash214MarketJustGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj214d:….,….. Andre Da Costa Its certainly innovative, but also impressively expensive. I got the 13 inch Early 2015 Pro last year, so I’m not in desperate need of an upgrade. Its superfast and gets the job done, with 2 Windows VMs, iTunes, multiple tabs in Safari and Firefox. Maybe in the next 5 years when the price drops and further advances like DDR4 RAM and Flash at higher capacities. For those who have been waiting, your Christmas is here. StruckPaper TouchBar is a real enabler. But … is anyone going to switch because of it? Will people accept the higher prices because of it? They are going to have to lower the prices in a year. Costa K Jobs said the problem with smartphones was the bottom half – the keyboard. You were stuck with them even if you didn’t need them. The same with function keys. Sure you could remap them but the every day consumer wouldn’t know what remapping is. But they definitely understand a touch bar that changes depending on the program they’re using. Sure the average consumer won’t be using a MacBook Pro but I’m guessing the tech will trickle down. I feel like its de ja vu all over again! Galaxy_Surfer_007 Well, the invite did say, “Hello, again!” But, of course, they then dropped the ball… John Developers really just want a straight up fast laptop with an escape key and 32 gigs. Unfortunately with the soldered in memory that isn’t possible. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Time Tracking Sucks. Deal With It. Or Use Timing. Thanks to Timing for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
null

City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Trending in Toronto Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... Review: The new MacBook Pro has robust features but comes with some challenges by Mike Yawney Posted Oct 28, 2016 11:00 am EST Last Updated Oct 28, 2016 at 11:23 am EST Life National Tech The wait is over for MacBook Pro users. After four years, Apple has finally refreshed its lineup of powerful laptops, sporting an all new metal design with new robust features, including the Touch Bar and Touch ID sensor. It’s thin, unique, and will change the way you use your computer…but it also comes with some challenges. While the higher-end models of the MacBook Pro will be released next month, Apple will make a more affordable entry model available next week. It doesn’t have the Touch Bar or Touch ID, but it still boasts some serious horsepower. I had the chance to put this new entry model through the paces over the past 12 hours. Here’s an early look at what you can expect. The MacBook Pro is thinner than its previous version. CITYNEWS/Mike Yawney Lightweight Design When you first pick up the MackBook Pro, you may very well mistake it for a MacBook Air. The Pro has become significantly thinner through the generations. In fact, the latest model is now 12 per cent thinner than the MacBook Air. Hard to believe when you consider the Air was at one point the gold standard when it comes to ultra-thin laptops. Not only is the new MacBook Pro thinner, it’s lighter as well. Apple has managed to shed the MacBook Pro’s weight by half a pound. That makes a huge difference, especially for those who travel a lot with their laptops. Beautiful Display Simply put, the display on Apple’s new MacBook Pro is gorgeous! The screen is now 67 per cent brighter than previous generations. You will see the difference the moment you turn it on. The new display also supports Wide Colour Gamut, giving you 25 per cent more visible colours. You’ll also notice just how inky the blacks have become. Apple claims it uses a process which involves UV light to align liquid crystal molecules to give richer, darker blacks. The result is a 67 per cent higher contrast ratio than the previous MacBook Pro line. While every day laptop users will marvel at all the beautiful, vibrant colours, photographers, designers and other professionals will be the ones who get the most out of the display’s improvements. The MacBook Pro Keyboard, CITYNEWS/Mike Yawney Updated Keyboard Last year Apple introduced a new style of keyboard on the MacBook. It used a new butterfly mechanism beneath the keys, allowing for an ultra-shallow keyboard. That same style has now made its way to the MacBook Pro. I typed this review on the entry level MacBook Pro, and I will say the keys feel very similar to the MacBook, albeit slightly more responsive. On my MacBook there are times when keystrokes aren’t registered. After three solid hours of typing on the new MacBook Pro, I haven’t noticed this at all. I do want to point one thing out. Those transitioning from Apple’s classic MacBook keyboards will feel out of sorts for the first while. The shallow keys have a very different feel. It took me weeks to get used to it, suffering through countless typos. Be patient! You will get used to it! It’s important to note the higher end models of the MacBook Pro have replaced the function keys with an OLED screen called the Touch Bar. The touch sensitive strip can be customized to not only show the function keys, but to display shortcuts and other icons, depending on the app or program you have open at the time. Touch Bar is not present on the entry model. It still has the traditional function keys. Larger Trackpad Not a larger trackpad…a significantly larger trackpad! The new trackpad is a whopping 46 per cent larger than those found on previous models. This really comes in handy when it comes to Multi-Touch gestures. Force Touch is once again present in the trackpad. It’s pressure sensitive, so it knows how much force you are applying. Certain programs make use of the technology by adding functionality based on how hard you press. For example, you can fast forward a movie in quicktime from x2 to x60 depending on how firm you press down on the trackpad. At first I was worried the larger trackpad would become confused as my palms brushed against it as I typed. My concern was short-lived. Although my palms did hit it from time to time, it never became an issue. Redesigned Speakers Apple’s engineers have redesigned the speakers on the latest MacBook Pro from the ground up. By placing them along the sides to the keyboard, Apple says it can deliver unobstructed audio with less distortion. Good move. Sound quality is surprisingly good. I streamed music for a few hours in my hotel room as I typed this review. Even at max volume there was next to no distortion. In fact, it could easily replace one of your small bluetooth speakers in your home. The audio on the new MacBook Pro does lack bass, but that really shouldn’t come as a big surprise. What do you expect with speakers set into a shallow laptop body. Oh, and in case you are wondering…yes, there is a headphone jack! The new MacBook Pro. CITYNEWS/Mike Yawney Performance If you’re using a MacBook Pro, chances are you are using it to edit video and other tasks which require serious processing power. Apple promises its new laptop will delivery on performance. Let’s take a look at the specs. The entry model of the MacBook Pro features a 6th Generation 2.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processors with turbo speeds of up to 3.1GHz. It can be configured up to a 2.4GHz dual-core Core i7 processor with turbo speeds up to 3.4GHz. Graphics wise you’ll find Intel Iris Graphics 540, with 64MB of embedded DRAM (eDRAM) that serves to accelerate graphics and processor workloads. Apple says graphics performance on the entry 13-inch MacBook Pro model is up to 80 percent faster than the previous-generation entry configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro. When it comes to video editing, a 4K 3D render is approximately 53% faster than the previous generation of MacBook Pros. Keep in mind, these are Apple’s stats. Full disclosure…I have had limited time with the latest entry model MacBook so I haven’t personally been able to put it through the paces to see how it handles gruelling workloads. I can tell you importing and editing 4K video shot on my iPhone 7 went very smooth. I have yet to put it to a true test by editing a television feature in 4K, That is yet to come! Apple has also upgraded the Flash Storage. Solid State Drives have come a long way over the course of the past 4 years. The new SSD have sequential read speeds of up to 3.1 Gbps, which is 100% faster than previous models. This is most noticeable when opening or copying files. Quick and snappy! Battery Apple is promising a 10 hour battery life on the latest MacBook Pro. How long your battery will last you will depend on what you plan to do on it. For the most part I spent the last 12 hours typing, surfing the web, playing games and movies as well as some video editing in Final Cut Pro. After 3 hours of continuous use I was down to about 72 per cent which seems to be on par for what Apple is promising. You can bet prolonged editing and rendering video files will take a bigger toll on your battery. The MacBook Pro ports. CITYNEWS/Mike Yawney Ports…or lack thereof This is going to be the real sticking point for a lot of people upgrading to a new MacBook Pro. The traditional ports found on the MacBook Pro are now gone. HDMI, USB 2, Thunderbolt 2, and the SDXC card slot have all been stripped. GONE! Even the MagSafe 2 charging port is absent. All of these ports have been replaced by two Thunderbolt 3 ports. What does this mean to you? Dongles! Want to connect your MacBook Pro to a projector? You’ll need a dongle for that. Want to read a file on a USB drive? Dongle! How about transfer photos from an SD card? Dongle. Connect your iPhone to the MacBook Pro to import video? Oh yes, you guessed it…dongle! Oh…and the dongles do not come with the MacBook Pro..those need to be purchased separately. I have grown accustomed to carrying a dongle around with me as I have been using the MacBook extensively since it was first announced last year. It only has a USB C port. It can be a pain, especially if you forget the dongle at home, but it seems to be a necessary evil as Apple continues to trim down the ports on its laptops. The Bottom Line It’s hard not to be impressed with Apple’s new workhorse, especially when you consider the size and weight. The latest MacBook Pro is a solid update in just about every way, from the look and feel, to performance. Then again it should be considering it’s been 4 years in the making. Sure, people will be upset about the fact that you will require dongles to attach just about any peripheral, but that seems to be the direction Apple is taking, and it doesn’t look like that’s about to change anytime soon. If you are going to splurge on a MacBook Pro, it may be worth your while to hold off for a couple of weeks. Apple will soon be releasing the higher end models which feature both Touch Bar and Touch ID. I had the chance to try out both features immediately after the unveiling, and I have to say I walked away impressed. Both add an incredible amount of functionality to the device. A true game-changer…if you can afford it. The entry model 13-inch model (reviewed) starts at $1899 (no Touch Bar) The 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar and Touch ID) starts at $2299. The 15-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar and Touch ID) starts at $2999. Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- Next Story "> Posted LOCAL NATIONAL Boy, 16, found with multiple stab wounds in Glen Park neighbourhood Nov 14, 2016, 3:41 PM Toronto staff remove signs urging white people to mobilize against multiculturalism Nov 14, 2016, 2:49 PM Investigation underway after suspected drone almost crashed into Porter plane Nov 14, 2016, 2:28 PM Ontario land transfer tax rebate doubled to $4K for first-time homebuyers Nov 14, 2016, 1:03 PM Toronto has highest child poverty rate of Canadian cities, report says Nov 14, 2016, 12:47 PM Two gamblers spearhead class action against casino over hacking of private data Nov 14, 2016, 12:28 PM Big-dose prescriptions of potent painkillers to 2,100 Nova Scotians 'disturbing' Nov 14, 2016, 3:42 PM Trump win won't affect Alberta climate plans: environment minister Nov 14, 2016, 3:38 PM B.C. man pleads not guilty to four terrorism-related charges Nov 14, 2016, 3:32 PM Jamaican bobsledders have reliable set of wheels for journey to Whistler race Nov 14, 2016, 3:20 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM 3 workers rescued after being trapped in collapse in Ottawa tunnel; one injured Nov 10, 2016, 4:54 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Supermoon lights up the sky Nov 14, 2016, 6:11 AM Powerful, essential, cliche: The complex life of Leonard Cohen's 'Hallelujah' Nov 12, 2016, 8:54 AM Fall in Love Friday: Three kittens and a rabbit Nov 11, 2016, 1:56 PM Post-traumatic stress an injury, not a disorder, veterans say Nov 10, 2016, 4:27 PM Ahead of the weekend, Toronto comes together on Remembrance Day Nov 10, 2016, 7:38 AM You asked Google, we answered: Canada's top 10 election questions Nov 09, 2016, 2:31 PM Which recent World Series champ could Blue Jays mimic this off-season? Nov 14, 2016, 1:17 PM NHL and IIHF hope to get closer to agreement on 2018 Olympics Nov 14, 2016, 2:15 PM MLB Rumours: Blue Jays circling back on Jay Bruce? Nov 14, 2016, 1:52 PM Bautista and Encarnacion reject qualifying offers from Blue Jays Just moments ago Injured Flames’ Versteeg, Tkachuk preparing for returns to lineup Just moments ago Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville Nov 13, 2016, 11:04 AM Dave Chappelle, 'SNL' give thoughtful coda to election Nov 13, 2016, 4:09 AM Memorial service held for Leonard Cohen on Thursday in Quebec Nov 10, 2016, 8:53 PM Source: Brad Pitt cleared in child abuse investigation Nov 09, 2016, 9:51 PM Twitter reacts to Trump presidency Nov 09, 2016, 5:58 AM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Hardware Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Browse more... Apple The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... Apple Watch Report: Smartwatch sales aren’t falling — shipments increased 60% year-on-year Kohl’s will now sell the Apple Watch in select stores Smartwatch sales are tanking Browse more... Nike The Nike Mag sneaker raffle raised $6.75 million for Parkinson’s research That Nike-branded Apple Watch arrives October 28 Trying on Nike’s limited edition, self-lacing ‘Back to the Future’ shoes Browse more... Taking the Apple Watch Nike+ for a spin Posted Oct 28, 2016 by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story PlayStation Vue brings its streaming TV service to Android TV, and soon, Mac & Windows The Apple Watch Nike+ is loud in every way a watch can be loud. It’s got a brightly colored perforated neon band, matched perfectly by a custom face that tries to motivate wearers with quick Nike-esque slogans like “Are We Running Today?” The Apple Watch Nike+ begs to be noticed. The moment I popped it on and entered society, eyes were immediately drawn to the bright yellow circles adorning the watchband. Though, to be fair, I wasn’t wearing exercise attire on the way home from work. The Apple Watch Nike+ is not subtle. Nor is it designed to be. That’s the job of the standard Apple Watch, to blend in to every day life, to be there when you need it. This latest collaboration between the two corporate giants, released on the 10th anniversary of the original Nike+ team up, is designed, above all, to motivate, like an excited personal trainer in a brightly colored jumpsuit tapping you on the shoulder and asking you if you’re planning to get off your lazy butt. It’s not for everyone, as the companies will probably be the first to admit. Instead, the product is targeted at two key demographics – regular runners and aspirational ones, which, granted, is a reasonably large group of people, all together. What’s perhaps most interesting about Apple Watch Nike+ is that, at its heart, it’s just a regular, old Apple Watch. Those bright, perforated bands are removable by pressing a button on the back of the watch and sliding them out, sideways (not to mention the fact that there are more muted options than the yellow version I got). And if you buy the standard version of the Watch, you can always download and install the Nike app – though you’ll be missing the company’s custom faces with integrated Nike swoosh and some shortcuts. Really, motivation is at the heart of the Nike model, from activity reminders right down to the band design, which, among other things, is a bit like tying a string around your finger, or, for that matter, wearing a FitBit. When you look down, there it is, a constant reminder that you really ought to be working out more. The band is a rubbery silicone, peppered with small holes that alternate in rows of one and three in a sort of lattice-structure. The flip side of the band is another color entirely, which bleeds through the edges of the holes. In the case of the yellow, it offers up a sort of bumblebee effect. It’s a look that works well when dressed for the gym, but I would likely buy another strap or two for my non-workout time. The watch comes with two strap sizes – the smaller actually fit better, which says a bit about the larger, given the fact that I’m 5’11″, and imagine my wrists are likely larger than average (listen, I don’t claim to be a wrist expert here, people). The band is designed to offer a snug and secure fit, threading one end through a hole in the other and pushing the knob through a center hole. It took me a bit to get it right with one hand, but once it’s on, it’s not going anywhere. It’s comfortable, soft and, naturally, sweatproof. Nike’s additions to the watch are focused firmly on running. I asked a rep why the company opted not to go all in on workouts (especially given the new Watch’s sim-friendly features including the water ejecting speaker), and he explained that Nike wanted to focus on doing one thing well. And indeed, running functionality is built into pretty much every aspect of the device. The default face features the time as two, big, bright numbers, and features a total of three links to fitness tracking content – a lot for such a small bit of real estate One brings you to the standard Apple Watch activity tracker, while the Nike swoosh logo and small text on the bottom of the display showing off the distance of your last run brings you to the Nike+ Run Club app. Unlike the auto-triggering of other devoted activity trackers, you’ll need to start the run tracking on the watch. The app also asks that you specify certain details for tracking purposes, like whether you’re doing the run indoors or outdoors, so it knows whether to use GPS or just step count to measure the distance. If you want to just match the distance of the last run, click the giant Start button. Swipe down and you can set run parameters by distance, speed and time. Swipe right and you get the “When are we running?” screen, which lets you schedule a future run by half hour – each of which also features a handy weather icon and temperature listing, so you know what you’re getting yourself into. Weather plays a key role in the app (as it does in the life of runners in general), including motivational slogans. “Don’t let a couple of drops drop you,” the app teased the other day when it was raining. Swipe right one more time, and you can check your metrics, including the number of runs completed and the total miles. Of course, there’s a bunch more to see and do in the full app. The most notable bit is probably the Club tab, where you can connect with and compete against people virtually and in person. The app incorporates those leaderboards into the watch interface, offering you an extra bit of motivation by showing you how much further you have to run to catch up with the next person on the list. The time was clearly right for Apple and Nike to resurrect their partnership for this latest device. The Watch Series 2 is a generally more-well rounded fitness device, helped along by the addition of features like on-board GPS, which mean you can sync up your Bluetooth headphones and go for a long run without having to bring along the phone. The bright screen is particularly easy to read when coupled with Nike’s customary giant neon font. And all of that is backed by your standard Apple Watch features, at the same price as a standard version of the watch ($369 for the 38mm version and $399 for 42mm). So, while you’re not really getting all that much you can’t just load onto the device yourself, you’re also not paying extra for what you get. As such, the decision comes down to how much you love running and how you feel about those bands. Both of which, understandably, aren’t for everyone. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Nike Founded 1964 Overview Nike is an American company that designs, develops, and markets footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessory products. The company offers various categories of shoes including running, training, basketball, soccer, sport-inspired urban shoes, and kids' shoes. It also provides shoes for aquatic activities, baseball, football, cheerleading, golf, lacrosse, outdoor activities, skateboarding, tennis, … Location Beaverton, OR Categories Product Design, Sporting Goods, Fashion Website https://www.askforoffer.com Full profile for Nike Apple Watch Description Apple's smart watch. Website http://www.apple.com/watch/ Full profile for Apple Watch Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple Watch Apple Nike Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch DroneBase raises from Union Square to pay any pilot for aerial footage 7 minutes ago | Josh Constine Valuation metrics show weakening for the fourth straight quarter 10 minutes ago | Connie Loizos A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois Comment moderation powered by Up Next PlayStation Vue brings its streaming TV service to Android TV, and soon, Mac & Windows Posted Oct 28, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Surface Dial vs. Touch Bar: A Tale of 2 Interface Plays Which interface innovation do you think has the most potential? Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 28, 2016 at 10:00AM Surface Dial in action. Image source: Microsoft. It's been a pretty busy week in the world of consumer tech. Both Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) hosted product events this week, showcasing a wide range of desktop and laptop PCs.  The software giant jumped into the all-in-one (AIO) PC space with Surface Studio, challenging the iMac in wooing creative professionals. Microsoft also offered some incremental updates to the Surface Book. Apple took the wraps off its expected MacBook Pro refresh, and the event was mostly in line with expectations. (Who didn't expect Apple to unveil the thinnest and lightest notebook it's ever made?) But the real storyline beneath the headliners were two subtle plays at improving user interfaces, each in their own way: the Surface Dial and the Touch Bar. An evolutionary interface The importance of interface innovation cannot be overstated. Interfaces utterly and fundamentally define how we interact with our gadgets. Think about the original graphical user interfaces from the 1980s, or the modernization of touchscreen interfaces from the 2000s. These marked profound paradigm shifts in computing. While neither Surface Dial or Touch Bar will be as revolutionary, they are certainly incremental and have potential. Surface Dial is very much catered toward creative use cases. It can be placed on a Surface device, and creates a contextual tool wheel or offers another way to physically interact with a touchscreen. When placed on a desktop, the uses seem more negligible. It's not like we're lacking for a way to scroll. Touch Bar changes dynamically depending on the context. Image source: Apple. Touch Bar, on the other hand, appears to be much more versatile in everyday use. It's the exact same idea that Apple had with the original iPhone. Instead of fixed physical buttons, virtual buttons on a touchscreen can be nearly infinitely adaptable depending on the context and the application -- and the developer's imagination.  But at what cost? Surface Dial has a cost advantage. The small puck-like device costs $100, and is compatible with a wide range of Surface devices. You don't necessarily have to buy the $3,000 Surface Studio to use it. On the other hand, Touch Bar comes at a $300 premium on the new MacBook Pro (compared with the model that includes standard function keys). As we saw with Apple's initial push into Retina Macs in 2012, the cost of adoption is quite important. It wasn't until the premium fell that consumers began to adopt high-resolution displays en masse. The real coup would be if Microsoft expanded Surface Dial support throughout its broader OEM base. The software is already there, so it should just be a matter of including the necessary hardware.  Still, Touch Bar seems to have a lot more potential to improve utility across a wider range of use cases, and the cost will inevitably come down over time. Considering Apple's penchant for bringing new innovations to laptops before desktops, it will presumably work to somehow bring Touch Bar to desktop Macs eventually, perhaps in the form of a new stand-alone keyboard that includes a Touch Bar. I'd bet on Touch Bar to emerge as the real winner over time. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 10:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History The Biggest Flops in Silicon Valley History Why Communications Sales & Leasing, Inc. Fell 12% Today Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New White House 11/14/16 06:59 PM EST Obama on Trump: This is fine By Edward-Isaac Dovere Seeking to reassure a rattled nation, the president offers up an optimistic view of the man he spent months warning about in apocalyptic terms. 2016 11/14/16 06:30 PM EST Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre It’s long past time to stop pretending there’s a “women’s vote.” Trump proved that we don’t come together as a bloc anymore. Updated 11/14/16 06:24 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says By Madeline Conway Trump was often critical of NATO on the campaign trail, calling it "obsolete." 11/14/16 06:20 PM EST Obama suggests Clinton didn't work as hard as he did By Glenn Thrush and Nolan D. McCaskill "I spent 87 days going to every small town and fair and fish fry and VFW hall," Obama said. 11/14/16 06:18 PM EST Priebus asks GOP officials to be patient with RNC leadership change By Alex Isenstadt Priebus indicated that his successor was not yet lined up. Updated 11/14/16 06:14 PM EST SEC Chair Mary Jo White stepping down By Patrick Temple-West The vacancy will test Trump's willingness to crack down on Wall Street. 11/14/16 06:10 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' 11/14/16 06:09 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' 11/14/16 06:06 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says 11/14/16 05:55 PM EST Will Bannon bring the ‘alt-right’ to the White House? By Katie Glueck Trump’s decision to appoint the Breitbart executive his chief strategist is stoking fears among conservatives and liberal minority groups alike. 11/14/16 05:47 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith Post-election 'Cures' outlook: Why now? — New Rx price investigations Updated 11/14/16 05:40 PM EST Rep. Ellison formally announces run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss "I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together," Rep. Keith Ellison said. 11/14/16 05:31 PM EST Poll: Americans believe Trump can bring prosperity, skeptical he can bring peace By Steven Shepard More than six-in-10 Americans say Trump’s administration will “reduce unemployment and create new jobs." Updated 11/14/16 05:29 PM EST Ryan set to win speaker election By Rachael Bade He's expected to win an internal GOP election on Tuesday. 11/14/16 05:27 PM EST Trump adviser linked to Turkish lobbying By Isaac Arnsdorf A company tied to Erdogan's government hired retired general Michael Flynn's lobbying firm. 11/14/16 05:16 PM EST Obama warns against pulling U.S. out of trade deals By Megan Cassella The president's comments are a direct contrast to Trump's pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from a number of pacts. 11/14/16 05:15 PM EST Clinton wins New Hampshire By Patrick Reis New Hampshire is worth 4 Electoral College votes, bringing Hillary Clinton's total to 232 votes. 11/14/16 05:13 PM EST Clinton digital chief: Democrats to target Facebook’s fake news By Nancy Scola "A publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook." Updated 11/14/16 05:06 PM EST Pence pushes for email privacy By Matthew Nussbaum Vice President-elect Mike Pence is seeking to keep secret the contents of an email relating to Indiana’s participation, at his behest, in a lawsuit to... 11/14/16 05:02 PM EST Obama warns Trump against ripping up Iran deal By Brent Griffiths "When you're not responsible for it, I think you can call it a terrible deal," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 05:01 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare By Dan Diamond Obama said repealing Obamacare was the "holy grail" for Republicans. Wealth Of Nations 11/14/16 05:00 PM EST Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan It’s not just the return of ‘Government Sachs’ in the person of new White House strategist Steve Bannon. Traders are thinking Trump’s policies might actually... 11/14/16 04:48 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says By Madeline Conway “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' By Yousef Saba “I don't think he is ideological,” Obama says of Trump. Updated 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Tim Ryan weighs challenge to Pelosi as Democrats reel By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Leadership elections set for Thursday 11/14/16 04:34 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' By Nolan D. McCaskill "Everybody around the world’s paying attention," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:25 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' By Yousef Saba "We have to work at a grassroots level," Obama says. Updated 11/14/16 04:24 PM EST Trump and Putin discuss future ties in phone call By Brent Griffiths The two men's phone call comes after a bitterly fought U.S. election. 11/14/16 04:22 PM EST Obama ducks a question about Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill "It's in Trump's power to name whoever he wants to fill his administration," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says 11/14/16 04:00 PM EST Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' By Nolan D. McCaskill “My team stands ready to accelerate in the next steps that are required to ensure a smooth transition, and we are gonna be staying in touch as we travel,”... 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Liberal super PAC seeks Trump records from government agencies By Nolan D. McCaskill “Donald Trump enters the White House with too many conflicts of interest to count, like tapping his children to both run his company and help lead the... Updated 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Rachael Bade and Theodoric Meyer Steve Stivers and Roger Williams both claim support in their bids to head the House GOP campaign arm. 11/14/16 02:51 PM EST White House: Obama, Mexican president avoid discussing Trump during call By Louis Nelson The two presidents apparently did not discuss the elephant in room. 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump By Kyle Cheney "This is a longshot. It’s a hail Mary," one Washington State elector says. Updated 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Pelosi says Trump's chief strategist is a 'white nationalist' By Yousef Saba Trump’s allies have defended Bannon’s appointment to the top White House position, while mainstream Republicans have remained largely silent. 11/14/16 02:27 PM EST Trump said to narrow choices for Treasury to Mnuchin, Ross By Ben White NEW YORK - Donald Trump has narrowed his focus for Treasury secretary to a pair of candidates, former Goldman Sachs banker Steve Mnuchin and billionaire... 11/14/16 02:08 PM EST Sen. Sessions: I’d be 'pleased to consider' Trump cabinet job By Burgess Everett "Happy to be in the Senate but if I were to be asked I'd be pleased to consider it," Sessions said. 11/14/16 02:00 PM EST Pence brings small K Street network By Isaac Arnsdorf Waxman, Soros and DA on Democratic resistance — Are corporate boards a new client base? 11/14/16 01:59 PM EST Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 By Kelsey Sutton and Hadas Gold The longtime PBS news anchor who had served as a co-host of PBS's NewsHour and as moderator of 'Washington Week' had been undergoing treatment for cancer. Updated 11/14/16 01:41 PM EST Trump allies defend Steve Bannon By Louis Nelson "I like to judge people as I see it as opposed to seeing what other people say," Reince Priebus says. 11/14/16 01:38 PM EST Jordan says he will continue push for IRS chief’s impeachment By Katy O'Donnell Jordan renewed the call for impeachment in a statement to POLITICO Monday criticizing the agency for denying tax-exempt status to the Albuquerque Tea Party... 11/14/16 01:23 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other 11/14/16 01:20 PM EST GOP on Bannon: 'Priebus is great' By Patrick Reis "The president-elect always gets to pick his team going forward," McCarthy told reporters on Monday. 11/14/16 01:17 PM EST Cummings asks House Oversight Committee to review Trump's financial arrangements By Nolan D. McCaskill “We have never had a president like Mr. Trump in terms of his vast financial entanglements," he says. 11/14/16 01:13 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other By Brent Griffiths Sanders' criticism comes at a time when many in the Trump world are defending Bannon attempting to fend off not not only political opponents, but organizations... 11/14/16 01:01 PM EST Conway defends 'brilliant tactician' Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill He’s a “brilliant tactician,” she said, calling him “the general of this campaign.” 11/14/16 12:51 PM EST Rep. Sánchez woos freshmen Democrats in her leadership race By Heather Caygle The caucus has always planned to decide the vice chair race after the holiday. 11/14/16 12:50 PM EST Reince Priebus defends Steve Bannon as 'force for good' on campaign You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Barack Obama Paul Ryan Tim Kaine Mike Pence Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us WATCH LIVE - Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade – Did the election mark a fundamental realignment? Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Trump pledges to stay Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Can the Freedom Caucus survive Donald Trump? Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Looking ahead to Wheeler's next steps By Li Zhou 10/28/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Margaret Harding McGill, Alex Byers and Nancy Scola QUESTIONS SWIRL OVER WHEELER’S FUTURE — FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, speaking after Thursday’s meeting that saw the approval of his broadband privacy rules, said he would prepare another rulemaking on mandatory arbitration clauses in telecom service contracts, to take place by February. On Wednesday, he promised another Robocall Strike Force meeting in six months. Does that mean he aims to stick around for a time in a potential Hillary Clinton administration, as many expect? Asked about the mandatory arbitration rules, Wheeler insists he’s not suggesting he’ll lead the commission in that work. “I tried to take pains in saying that what we were doing was establishing a process that would come to fruition at that point in time, or could come to fruition at that point in time,” Wheeler told reporters. “I will abide by the wishes of the transition of the new president, whoever that may be.” Story Continued Below ROSENWORCEL PITCHES ‘PRIVACY COUNCIL’ — FCC Democrat Jessica Rosenworcel, who voted to approve the privacy rules, suggested regulators across the federal government need to get on the same page. “I think it is time for a 21st century interagency privacy council, where this commission and our colleagues across government can do a better job of aligning privacy policies across the board,” she said at the meeting Thursday. “It is incumbent on every policymaker with privacy authority to think about how to make our policies more simple and more consistent.” The differences between the FCC rules and the FTC’s approach — which is seen as less prescriptive — emerged as a point of contention leading up to the vote. — Asked about Rosenworcel’s idea, GOP Commissioner Mike O’Rielly said it’s unclear if the FCC has the authority to create such a council, and suggested it may have to be greenlighted by Congress. THE DATE IS SET — The Senate Judiciary antitrust subcommittee says its hearing on the AT&T-Time-Warner deal will take place on Dec. 7. AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson and Time Warner CEO Jeffrey Bewkes are both slated to testify. NEXT IN MERGER MANIA: CENTURYLINK-LEVEL 3? — The two telecom companies are in talks for a potential merger that could be announced in the next several weeks, reports The Wall Street Journal. A combination could offer CenturyLink and Level 3, which focus in large part on business customers, a chance to maintain a competitive edge in a cutthroat and increasingly consolidated industry. GOOD FRIDAY MORNING! Welcome to Morning Tech, where we wish all press conferences involved dressing up like Harry Potter. Send your tech tips and comments to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. Catch the rest of the team’s contact info after the calendar. FIRST IN MT: TECH TO ASK FOR POST-OBAMA DATA ROLE — The Commerce Data Advisory Council — formed by Secretary Penny Pritzker a year and a half ago to get the tech world’s guidance on how to make best use of the agency’s huge caches of economic data — will make the pitch today for its continued existence. “It is imperative that these initiatives become part of the Commerce fabric and do not end with this Administration,” reads one of the new recommendations of the 19-member group, which includes LinkedIn co-founder Allen Blue, Google director of open source Chris DiBona, and ESRI President Jack Dangermond. Justin Antonipillai, acting undersecretary for economic affairs, tells MT: “These are companies that know how to bring visibility to data." Pritzker speaks to the last scheduled meeting of the group at 9 a.m. today; video feed here. FIRST IN MT: TECH TO ASK FOR POST-OBAMA DATA ROLE — The Commerce Data Advisory Council — formed by Secretary Penny Pritzker a year and a half ago to get the tech world's guidance on how to make best use of the agency's huge caches of economic data — will make the pitch today for its continued existence. "It is imperative that these initiatives become part of the Commerce fabric and do not end with this Administration," reads one of the new recommendations of the 19-member group, which includes LinkedIn co-founder Allen Blue, Google director of open source Chris DiBona, and ESRI President Jack Dangermond. Justin Antonipillai, acting undersecretary for economic affairs, tells MT: "These are companies that know how to bring visibility to data." The last scheduled meeting of the group takes place today; video feed here. — Pritzker tells MT via a spokesperson that the group’s expertise has “helped make strong data collection and dissemination part of our department’s DNA — now and in the years to come.” ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: It’s time for America to come together. The National Association of Manufacturers believes moving forward means #BeTheSolution. Investment in infrastructure, including a modern energy and broadband infrastructure, is a promising place to start. Learn more about the NAM’s infrastructure initiative, “Building to Win,” and how, together, we can build economic growth. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** CAMPAIGN CHECK-IN: FEINGOLD STILL AHEAD IN WISCONSIN — Recent polls show that the Senate race in Wisconsin between Democrat Russ Feingold, a longtime online privacy advocate, and incumbent Republican Sen. Ron Johnson has drawn closer recently, though Feingold, who was bounced from office by Johnson six years ago, remains ahead, reports Reuters. A Feingold win could give the tech industry another key supporter in Congress when it comes to protecting user data from government surveillance. While serving as a senator from 1993 to 2011, Feingold was the sole lawmaker to vote against the USA Patriot Act in 2001. Having that kind of voice in Congress could be valuable to Silicon Valley as Congress gears up to debate reauthorizing Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. APPLE OFFERED CLINTON TEAM ENCRYPTION BRIEFING — A May 2015 email hacked from the account of Hillary for America chairman John Podesta and released by WikiLeaks shows Apple offering to give the Clinton campaign a rundown on the topic of encryption. (To be clear, this was months before the face-off between the FBI and Apple over an iPhone said to have been used by one of the San Bernardino shooters; encryption was in the news because tech companies and others had written a letter to President Barack Obama on the subject.) “If you ever want our tech experts to brief your folks, we’d be happy to do it,” Apple VP — and former EPA Administrator — Lisa Jackson writes Podesta. The note is passed to campaign policy adviser Jake Sullivan, who responds: “I’d love to have your experts work with our team.” It’s unclear whether there was any follow-up. UBER’S FLYING CARS — The ride-hailing firm just launched its self-driving car fleet in Pittsburgh, but the firm has already set its sights on another type of vehicle: the flying kind. In a Medium post and white paper released Thursday, Uber describes its goal of having a fleet of electric aircraft to help people cut down on their commute time. The ambitious plan envisions vertical-takeoff-and-landing planes that buzz between urban heliports and building roofs. Of course, regulators would have to approve. OUR FAVORITE LONG READS THIS WEEK — “Obama Brought Silicon Valley to Washington” in The New York Times Magazine: “In many ways, Obama is America’s first truly digital president. ... For better or for worse, the last eight years have been defined less by the rise of small tech companies than by the expansion of Big Tech. We’ve seen the second Silicon Valley boom, with companies valued in the billions, including Facebook, Uber, Snapchat, Palantir and Dropbox. Established technology companies like Amazon, Apple and Google have expanded their reach and influence throughout the world. And while many countries have pushed back against that spread, our government has essentially left them alone.” — “Google’s Self-Driving Car Design Boss Speaks on Her Strategy,” in The Verge: “[YooJung] Ahn is designing the Google car interior to be a soothing environment. She wants passengers to feel safe, but also relaxed. The open seats are made of compressible foam, also used on the front bumper, which Ahn says is more comfortable than traditional seats. Buttons and controls are kept to a minimum. ‘We needed to create something relatable and intuitive, which is not confusing,’ Ahn says. ‘People had never imagined anything like that before.’” — “Is an American Company’s Technology Helping Turkey Spy on its Citizens?” in Forbes: “According to a half dozen current and former employees, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, leaked Procera [Networks] documents and internal communications, Turk Telekom requested [from the California-based company] not just a feed of subscribers’ usernames and passwords for unencrypted websites, but also their IP addresses, what sites they’d visited and when. ‘Erdoğan is insane and people could well die from this work,’ one former Procera employee told FORBES. Another said: ‘The installation in Turkey is large-scale surveillance of the population with feeds to one or other governmental agency.’” — “Uber Found an Unlikely Friend in Organized Labor,” in Bloomberg: “The [Independent Drivers Guild] isn’t a traditional union. Drivers didn’t vote for it. It has no formal collective-bargaining rights. And its very existence helps the company resist formal unionization, says Arun Sundararajan, a business professor at New York University who researches the economics of the tech industry. ‘This is just them planting something in the ground that might deter more contentious forms of labor organizing,’ he says.” — “Inside the Trump Bunker, with 12 Days to Go,” in Bloomberg Businessweek: “A young staffer showed off a South Park-style animation he’d created of Clinton delivering the ‘super predator’ line (using audio from her original 1996 sound bite), as cartoon text popped up around her: ‘Hillary Thinks African Americans are Super Predators.’ The animation will be delivered to certain African American voters through Facebook ‘dark posts.’ ... The aim is to depress Clinton’s vote total. ‘We know because we’ve modeled this,’ says [a senior] official. ‘It will dramatically affect her ability to turn these people out.’” TRANSITIONS — Comcast has promoted Beth Choroser to a Vice President of Regulatory Affairs. She has been at the company since 2000 and will focus on the FCC. ... Speaking of the FCC, Stephanie Weiner, a senior legal adviser in the chairman’s office, is leaving the agency after working on several policy areas, including net neutrality, Lifeline and broadband privacy. Lisa Hone, an associate bureau chief in the agency’s Wireline Competition Bureau, is joining the chairman’s office next month as a legal adviser on wireline issues. QUICK DOWNLOADS Privacy Shield encounters legal challenge in Europe: Digital Rights Ireland, a privacy advocacy outfit, has filed a complaint with the EU General Court to have the data transfer agreement annulled, reports Pro Europe’s Laurens Cerulus. CCIA calls out digital trade barriers: In comments filed with the U.S. Trade Representative on Thursday, the Computer and Communications Industry Association notes that policies like data localization continue to stymie the exchange of digital services across country borders. Macbook reveal: Apple on Thursday debuted what it called a new generation of MacBook, with a Touch Bar feature right above the keyboard. The company also rolled out an app that it’s dubbed simply “TV” that allows users to search and review programming from all their streaming services in one place. TripAdvisor gets license to offer travel services to Cuba: The U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control has granted the online platform a license that enables it to book accommodations and other travel services to Cuba for U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike. Cribs, D.C. office edition: An interactive from the New York Times takes readers inside the workplace digs of top officials, including Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden, Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler. Vine says good-bye: Twitter announced that it is shutting down the mobile app, which launched in 2013, within the coming months. Fear not, existing Vines will be preserved. Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Alex Byers (abyers@politico.com, @byersalex), Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Tony Romm (tromm@politico.com, @tonyromm), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou). ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: Over 1,100 business leaders sent a message to President-elect Trump last week: it’s time for healing, to come together. The letter, led by the National Association of Manufacturers, stressed the “urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions and to bolster the promise of America.” To #BeTheSolution, let’s start with infrastructure, a bipartisan priority. Let’s rebuild not just our transportation infrastructure but also modernize our energy infrastructure, and pipelines, and broadband infrastructure—to boost America’s quality of life. Less than 1/2 of households in the bottom quintile of the economy have high-speed broadband. With “Building To Win,” we can build a stronger, more inclusive economy. America is falling behind the rest of the world, but with a serious, targeted plan we can secure our economic leadership, spur real economic growth and offer more people the dignity of work. Learn more about how manufacturers are committed to #BeTheSolution. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Technology Reporter Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 5 takeaways on Trump's first 5 days Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' Trump pledges to stay Trump Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Will America Now Have a Pravda? Economy could soar and then crash under Trump Alex Jones says Trump called to thank him Report: Trump praises China in call to Chinese president Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 Tuesday, 11/8/16 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country By Jeffrey Rosen More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech This external drive for Apple’s new MacBook Pros costs more than a new MacBook Pro New, 16 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Oct 28, 2016, 10:40am EDT share tweet Linkedin It’s a tale as old as time. Apple announces a new device, and a rush of accessories that work with it immediately come out. So it goes with Apple’s new MacBook Pros, which have abandoned any and all legacy connectors for four Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports (and one 3.5mm headphone jack). And less than 24 hours after the Apple’s announcement, LaCie has already announced its first Thunderbolt 3 external storage drive, the Bolt3. The Bolt3 uses a pair of PCIe SSDs for a total of 2TB of storage, and can transfer data at speeds of up to 2800MB/s, which LaCie claims makes it "the world’s fastest desktop drive." LaCie also announced two enterprise level Thunderbolt 3 drives, the LaCie 12big Thunderbolt 3 and 6big Thunderbolt 3, which come in 48TB - 120TB and 24TB - 60TB capacities, respectively. the LaCie Bolt3 will cost a hefty $1999 But that kind of speed doesn’t come cheap: the LaCie Bolt3 will cost a hefty $1999 when it releases sometime in Q4 of this year. (The enterprise drives start at $3199 for a 24TB 6big Thunderbolt 3 and $6399 for a 48TB 12big Thunderbolt 3.) To put that in perspective, instead of a Bolt3, you could buy a $89 hard drive-based USB 3.0 2TB external drive, one of Apple’s $19 USB-C to USB adaptors, and a second new $1799 13-inch MacBook Pro with some money left over. Up to you, really. Apple MacBook Pro first look Via: 9to5Mac Source: LaCie Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Mobile Tech Apple working on Google Glass-style AR glasses, says report by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apple is working on a wearable device similar to Google Glass that would blend an augmented reality display with a standard pair of glasses, according to a report from Bloomberg News. The company is still exploring the smart glasses market, the... New, 0 comments Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 1 comment Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 5 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 5 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Report Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar is actually a mini Apple Watch New, 76 comments by Tom Warren@tomwarren Oct 28, 2016, 10:32am EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple unveiled its Touch Bar addition to the MacBook Pro yesterday. While the company spent time demonstrating its ability to change function keys on the fly, or light up its display with colorful emoji, Apple didn't talk about what's really powering its Touch Bar. Irish programmer and developer Steven Troughton-Smith has discovered that the Touch Bar is actually a mini Apple Watch. "From everything I can piece together, the T1 chip in the new MacBook Pro is a variant of the system-on-a-chip used in the Apple Watch," explains Troughton-Smith, in an interview with The Verge. "Running watchOS on the T1 lets the Mac benefit from Apple's deep work on iOS embedded security, as the T1 gates access to the Touch ID sensor and, from the looks of it, the front-facing camera in the new MacBook Pro too." Apple has selected watchOS to power the Touch Bar, but that doesn't necessarily mean we're going to start seeing Apple Watch apps appear above the keyboard. The Touch Bar has a 25MB ‘ramdisk' that's used to boot and control the hardware, so it doesn't have the full version of watchOS required to run apps and the full UI. Apple is providing developers with APIs to create apps that interact with the Touch Bar, and a few big names have already got theirs ready. "There's no way for multiple apps to drive the bar layout at the same time," explains Troughton-Smith, so apps won't be able to trigger notifications or take over the Touch Bar in the background. Apple's Touch Bar has a lot of potential What's really interesting about the new MacBook Pro running a mini Apple Watch is the possibilities for the future. Apple just added an embedded iOS computer with a touchscreen to its MacBook range, so that opens the doors for future experiments. "Today it might be similar to an Apple Watch in capability, but there's so much potential for this to grow," says Troughton-Smith. "The Touch Bar theoretically could run while the rest of the machine is turned off, so you get all the low-power and security benefits of an iOS device, without having to switch to ARM completely on the desktop." That could mean Apple could bring actual iOS features, apps, and touch functionality over to the Mac without having a true touchscreen. "Perhaps someday it could run a higher class processor, like Apple's A-series chips, and allow macOS to 'run' iOS apps and Extensions, like iMessage apps, or manage notifications, system tasks, networking, during sleep, without having to power up the x86 CPU," speculates Troughton-Smith. That possibility makes Apple's Touch Bar experiment a lot more interesting, and it could make it a lot more like Microsoft's failed attempt to popularize Windows SideShow, a way for developers to extend apps and notifications to small screens on laptops while they were powered off. Apple MacBook Pro first look Source: Steve Troughton-Smith (Twitter) Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Hands-on with Apple Watch Nike+ By Christian Zibreg, Oct 28, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments The Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 went on sale yesterday and we have managed to put our hands on one. The Apple Watch Nike+ includes all of the hardware features of the Apple Watch Series 2 like a lot brighter screen, a faster CPU/GPU, built-in GPS and better waterproofing with swim tracking. What you won’t get with the regular Apple Watch Series 2 devices that the Nike+ edition provides are perks like exclusive bands, watch faces and complications, plus the preloaded Nike+ Run Club app and more. Here’s a video hands-on of the Apple Watch Nike+ that our resident video editor Andrew O’Hara put together for you guys, give it a quick watch then meet us in comments. Don’t see the video? Watch it on YouTube! Make sure to like and share this video on your way out and don’t forget to subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube if you haven’t already for a constant stream of videos from us. Check out another video from Andrew for a closer look at limited-edition watch faces and complications that are only available on the Apple Watch Nike+. As mentioned, the Apple Watch Nike+ comes with Nike’s Run Club app preloaded on the device. Just a few days ago, Nike updated the app with features that support the GPS in the Series 2 and the latest watchOS 3 features. The app is available for free on the App Store and is compatible with any Apple Watch model, not just the Nike+ edition. My Apple Watch Nike+ is arriving tomorrow and I couldn’t be more excited for it. I was going to order the Space Gray one with a band in Nike’s signature green color, called Volt, but they didn’t have them so I instead went with a Space Gray band. The band situation is somewhat disappointing: Apple has said that the bands offered for the Apple Watch Nike+ are exclusive to it and won’t be available for purchase separately—and that’s a bummer. Thankfully, my colleague Cody was able to track down some Apple Watch bands on Amazon that take inspiration from the Nike band design. They aren’t made with the same quality or materials, of course. Still, for those in search of alternatives, here are some good ones. How do you like the new Apple Watch Nike+ edition? Will you be buying one or opting for one of the standard Series 2 models, and why? Tell us in comments! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Hands-on with exclusive Apple Watch Nike+ watch faces and complications Apple Watch Nike+ arrives Friday, October 28 Nike+ Run Club gains new features ahead of tomorrow’s launch of Apple Watch Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ edition is coming October 28 Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Nike+, Apple Watch Series 2, Hands-on, News, Nike Jake Platt Love this watch. Super keen for one nova voter Loving it. Way faster than the first gen, too. On the first gen, for instance, the breathe app was choppy on the inhale/exhale animation. Totally smooth on the new gen. Brightness way better, much lighter (though my first gen was stainless steel). Battery life also seems much, much better. And the Nike faces are great.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Technology » Gadgets ﻿ Apple unveils new MacBook Pro laptops; price starts at $1,499 Last Updated: Friday, October 28, 2016 - 19:42 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Zee Media Bureau San Francisco: Apple has unveiled new MacBook Pro laptops infused with touch control features that people have become popular on smartphones. The new laptop series were shown at a special event at Apple's headquarters in Silicon Valley on Thursday. Customers will be able to open up the new notebook with Touch ID, the fingerprint reader also on iPhones, and customize the touch screen bar of keys. Touch Bar adapts to display controls most relevant to whatever application is being used, from email or typing text to video editing or music mixing, demonstrations showed. New MacBook Pro models with 13-inch and 15-inch screens replace function keys with a small touch screen and slimming down the ageing workhorse of its computer notebook line. The MacBook Pro with a 13-inch screen and Touch Bar comes with a starting price of USD 1,799, while the upgraded model with the same screen size but a traditional keyboard was priced at USD 1,499. A 15-inch MacBook Pro with the touch control technology built in had a starting price of USD 2,399. Apple has already started taking orders for the laptops. While the shipping of touch-enhanced models will begin in three weeks, the standard keyboard version available immediately. With AFP Inputs First Published: Friday, October 28, 2016 - 19:42 More from zeenews   India Attack on Hindus: Bangladesh announces bounty for nabbing attackers Foreign media hails PM Modi's bold currency move, compares him with Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew Demonetisation: Hospitals reaching out to patients More from India World Censorship: Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring 'terrorism' EU backs defence plan after Donald Trump win fuelled fears More from World Sports Sachin Tendulkar welcomes DRS with open arms, says it's positive step for India WATCH: Virat Kohli drops off lady love Anushka Sharma at Rajkot airport Epic mess-up: Bangladesh newspaper uses Kevin Pietersen​'s photo in Alviro’s match-fixing story More from Sports Entertainment Box Office: Opening weekend collections of Farhan Akhtar's 'Rock On 2' are finally here Brad Pitt back in China after 20 years for his movie 'Allied' Anu Malik hails PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation move More from Entertaiment Health Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients Overweight kids in Delhi-NCR are more prone to diabetes: ASSOCHAM study Keep a check on diabetes to avoid visual impairments More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi Zee Media Exclusive: What do people think of PM Modi's demonetisation move? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II EXPLAINED: How Rs 2000 note will curb black money - Gujarat CA's open letter to Arvind Kejriwal breaks internet - MUST READ 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Who is this girl and why is she trending after demonetisation move Dip your new Rs 2,000 note in water for 30 minutes and see the result - Amazing video Did this Indian businessman just surrender Rs 6,000 crore? DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Related News Apple selling refurbished unlocked 16GB iPhone 6S Plus in online stores   Ireland launches appeal against EU Apple tax ruling Apple updates its video editing app Final Cut Pro X Samsung maintains lead in smartphone segment despite Note 7 debacle Apple iPhone 7 goes on sale in South Korea in Galaxy Note 7 absence TAGS Apple apple new MacBook Pro laptop new MacBook Pro laptop price new MacBook Pro laptop features Photos Soaking the sun- Shahid Kapoor / In paradise with @DanielWeber99- Sunny Leone​ Jeetendra and Poonam Dhillon at Indian Television Academy Awards / Ranbir Kapoor at Charity football match Hrithik Roshan's luxurious cars collection will make you go green with envy! Top Videos DNA: Singapore media appreciates PM Modi's demonetisation move Has govt's demonetisation move shut down the vote bank business? Demonetisation: Poor people sleeping in ease; corrupt troubled, says PM Modi PM Modi hits out at black money holders again while addressing rally in Ghazipur More from other Sections Bumpy plane ride too much for Lionel ​Messi No Notts County takeover bid by Yankees, says report Samuel L Jackson joins Brie Larson`s directorial debut `Doctor Strange` spell holds over North American box office Genes may be behind your 'salty tooth': Study Children's Day Special: Keep your child healthy with these five easy workouts! contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
