Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts biOasis Technologies Inc. (BIOAF: OTCQB) | biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders A New Foil Baking Tray from an Aluminum Foil Manufacturing and Supplying Company Is Available Now Without safeguarding oceans, achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will be impossible Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool—Easily Make Deluxe Animated Slideshow Leawo Launched 2017 Hot Summer & Hot Sales Campaign with Giveaway and Big Discounts Included Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Innovación en acción: Máximas tendencias tecnológicas exhibidas en el salón de exposiciones de CES Asia 2017 Riassunto: L’innovazione all’opera: le principali tendenze della tecnologia in mostra al CES Asia 2017 Inovação em ação: principais tendências de tecnologia em destaque no andar de exposição da CES Asia 2017 2017年亚洲电子消费展聚焦娱乐、内容和技术的相互融合 CES Asia 2017 Spotlights Intersection of Entertainment, Content and Tech Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts Innovación en acción: Máximas tendencias tecnológicas exhibidas en el salón de exposiciones de CES Asia 2017 Riassunto: L’innovazione all’opera: le principali tendenze della tecnologia in mostra al CES Asia 2017 Inovação em ação: principais tendências de tecnologia em destaque no andar de exposição da CES Asia 2017 2017年亚洲电子消费展聚焦娱乐、内容和技术的相互融合 CES Asia 2017 Spotlights Intersection of Entertainment, Content and Tech Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts biOasis Technologies Inc. (BIOAF: OTCQB) | biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders A New Foil Baking Tray from an Aluminum Foil Manufacturing and Supplying Company Is Available Now Dialysis Catheters Market Growing at a CAGR of 3.52% During 2017 to 2021 Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com Without safeguarding oceans, achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will be impossible Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool—Easily Make Deluxe Animated Slideshow Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Innovación en acción: Máximas tendencias tecnológicas exhibidas en el salón de exposiciones de CES Asia 2017 Riassunto: L’innovazione all’opera: le principali tendenze della tecnologia in mostra al CES Asia 2017 Inovação em ação: principais tendências de tecnologia em destaque no andar de exposição da CES Asia 2017 2017年亚洲电子消费展聚焦娱乐、内容和技术的相互融合 CES Asia 2017 Spotlights Intersection of Entertainment, Content and Tech Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Without safeguarding oceans, achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will be impossible Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool—Easily Make Deluxe Animated Slideshow Leawo Launched 2017 Hot Summer & Hot Sales Campaign with Giveaway and Big Discounts Included meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext News Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Next PostNext Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications | Main June 04, 2017 While the State of VR Headsets is at a crawl today, the Market is set to Explode with Vitality later this Year   On Monday morning Apple is likely to show off their new Siri home device during their WWDC keynote. Amazon and Google got the leap on Apple and tomorrow we're likely to see Apple's version revealed. Another device segment that Apple is behind in at the moment, at least on paper, is VR headsets. Worldwide shipments of Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) headsets for Q1 2017 were dominated by Sony, Samsung, HTC, Facebook and TCL.  With Apple absent, are they in danger of losing this race? Of course not.      At present the volume of such devices is anemic and that's being polite. For all of Q1, the total units sold worldwide was 2.280 million. It's like another Apple TV hobby market. Not that it'll stay at those levels for long, but for now, Apple has time to set their headset roadmap right before launching such a device.   Apple keeps adding top level talent like Jeff Noris that lead the Mission Operations team at NASA that worked with various VR headsets. Other top level hires have been working on this project for some time now (one and two). Of course Apple could always join the me-too crowd by introducing a dumb screenless viewer iPhone accessory, but it would seem by the talent that they're bringing onboard this project, that Apple has their eye on the prize at the higher end of the market as any Apple shareholder would expect from Apple. There's no money in cheap screenless viewer devices.    The VR Market is set to Explode in Q4   With a long list of new products scheduled to ship in the second half of 2017, IDC is forecasting triple-digit growth for the full year.   Patently Mobile posted a detailed patent report earlier today regarding a Samsung patent application published by the U.S. Patent Office this week that shows us some of the newest ideas that Samsung is contemplating for a future headset. You could check out our full patent report here. The report also points to new headsets coming by HTC and Lenovo that will support a new technology called 'WorldSense.' The technology covers motion controlling game play and beyond.   In addition, we learned at Computex 2017, Microsoft announced that HP, Dell, Asus and Acer will be supporting Microsoft's Mixed Reality headset platform for Christmas and Microsoft introduced new headset hand controllers at that show. So as IDC reports, there's a long list of new VR headsets coming to market by year's end.   IDC's report further noted that "VR represented the vast majority (more than 98%) of headsets shipped during the first quarter. Within VR, about two-thirds of all headset shipments were screenless viewers, such as Samsung's Gear VR and Google's Daydream View.   Meanwhile, tethered VR headsets, such as the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, and Sony's PSVR, accounted for one third of the market."   "The VR market is still very young and consumers seem to be taking a cautious approach," said Jitesh Ubrani senior research analyst for IDC's Mobile Device Trackers. "With plenty of headset options already in the market and even more coming soon, hardware isn't the issue. The bigger challenge is the slow growth in content that appeals to a mass audience, combined with the confusion associated with a lack of cross-platform support."   AR headsets saw year-over-year shipment growth of 77.4% as new products began shipping and existing headsets expanded distribution to additional countries. "It's very early days in terms of augmented reality headsets, with the vast majority of products shipping into the market focused on getting hardware into the hands of developers," said Tom Mainelli, vice president of Devices and AR/VR at IDC.   AR may Launch on Android and iPhone in Q4   Mainelli added in the report that "Meanwhile, we expect most consumers to experience their first taste of augmented reality through the cameras and screens of their existing mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets."   It's been rumored that Apple may introduce some form of Augmented Reality with their iPhone 8 or iPhone X. Whether it'll be a feature akin to Google's upcoming Google lens is unknown at this time. However, I think that it's highly likely that it could be as a follow-up to Apple's dual lens feature on the iPhone 7 Plus called portrait.   It's in the camera UI where Apple could add an AR button for photography that will not only take the photo but also add the names of buildings on a photo when on holidays or add information about a piece of art when visiting a museum.   This is where Apple could slowly introduce Augmented Reality into the mainstream before leaping to a full blown headset. Apple was recently granted a patent on this feature and Apple's acquisition of Metaio puts them in a great position to deliver top quality AR experiences on future iDevices.    IDC's Q1 2017 VR Headset Statistical Chart   While Samsung shot for cheap volume shipments of screenless viewers to look like the market's leader, it's once again smoke and mirrors. Sony which is shown to be solidly in second position actually sells their headsets whereas Samsung had been giving away tons of their headset as seen here and here. Once again fake leadership from Samsung.   For more details about VR-AR Headset shipment stats for Q1 2017, see the full IDC report here.   Cordless VR Headsets on the Way   One of the big things coming to the VR Market segment in the second half of 2017 is Wireless headsets.The big buzz out of Computex for VR was Wireless headsets using WiGig technology.   During Intel's keynote on the first day of the show, Gregory M. Bryant, senior vice president and general manager of the Client Computing Group at Intel, announced that VR was going wireless, with Intel partnering with HTC to create a VR accessory that utilizes WiGig technology to allows HTC Vive customers to get quality VR experiences without the wires.   Canada-based 60GHz WiGig (IEEE 802.11ad) wireless IC solution developer Peraso Technologies has been cooperating with many VR hardware makers to develop WiGig wireless VR devices including head-mounted displays, as well as WiGig-enabled games consoles, gaming PCs and notebooks, and USB Dongles. Devices will launch at the end of the third quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017, according to company sales vice president John Tryhub. You could check out Peraso here for their new WiGig solutions and network products here.   The excitement and buzz generated at Computex was like the Wild West Gold-rush. New standards, new chips, new technologies were abundant as the VR revolution is trying to find winning technologies to catapult this new sector to being a major device category.   Yet like the gaming industry of late, consumers are losing interest as new consoles come out that are expensive and there's only a handful of decent games each year, with more than 60% being repetitive sequels. When the gaming rental business was alive and well with Blockbuster still in the market, consumers were able to experiment with new kinds of games and different titles because for $9 a weekend, how can you go wrong? With video games going for $75 a pop and higher with no rentals of top games, I find myself playing two or three games a year at tops.   At the moment VR headsets don't have great content and it'll likely be expensive when it arrives. The good news is that VR headsets are going to cover a massive range of content over time from 360-degree films to advanced games, to exciting VR movies to the medical field, to architectural firms, to real-estate agents, to new cars, infinitum.   With the high-end talent that Apple has brought onboard and technologies that they've been acquiring over the years from companies like PrimeSense, we know that Apple is going to raise the bar when it comes to Augmented Reality as well as VR when they pull the trigger.   The current stats from IDC don't really reflect the activity behind the scenes in this emerging sector that will be massive when it finally arrives. And the dumbed down screenless viewers that dominate the market thus far will be in the dust bin of history with a year or two.   Tomorrow we're likely to hear about Apple's new Siri device and it's going to be exciting to see unfold. But for Apple fans, there's a lot more to look forward to as we know that Apple's headset project well underway if not close to completion.   In 2007 the iPhone burst onto the scene exciting the market and that was quickly followed by the iPad. Now the market is getting ready for the next decade with new devices relating to AI and Augmented/Mixed Reality on the way in the not-too-distant future. It's going to be a very exciting time ahead and we can't wait to see what Apple has in store for us, starting tomorrow.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 04, 2017 at 04:59 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:41 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Alleged Apple Insider Says Apple's Siri Speaker, Glasses In The Works By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 06/04/17 AT 7:17 PM Close An alleged group of insiders from Chinese hardware manufacturer Foxconn is hinting about an upcoming slate of Apple products that could include glasses, a home speaker and other incremental updates. The news, which comes from an Ask Me Anything on reddit, is worth taking with a slight grain of salt. While moderators were able to validate that the users of the account foxconninsider are Foxconn employees, the account’s track record has made some missteps like a rumor over an alleged Apple keyboard prototype. Read: Siri Speaker To Be Unveiled At WWDC, Apple Already Manufacturing Device Overseas However, a lot of rumors in the thread have lined up in broad strokes with past leaks about Apple’s upcoming product releases. With Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference coming up this week, we’ll likely know which leaks are facts or false about the company’s product calendar. Apple has long been rumored to be working on its own augmented reality glasses and the AMA touched on potential specifications for the camera. The glasses, which are reportedly codenamed Project Mirrorshades, have specifications that include lenses that can be built with prescription frames, microphones with noise cancellation abilities, a light sensor and movement sensors. The insider group said movement control could be one of several functions the glasses might have. Comment from discussion IAMA Foxconn insider with information on next 12 months of hardware updates. The frames could have a possible retail price of around $600, but they could also never see wide release. Foxconninsider said the project had a 65 percent chance of being canceled as manufacturing parts like the headset battery was difficult. As for the long-awaited iPhone 8, Foxconninsider had several key pieces of information. The user said manufacturing for the phone had been delayed and also referred to the smartphone as the iPhone X, echoing past rumors about the iPhone’s codename and product name. Other potential features for the phone include facial and retina detection, along with a shrunken down bezel and will stick with Lightning for data transfer and charging. Comment from discussion IAMA Foxconn insider with information on next 12 months of hardware updates. The user also briefly touched on Apple’s rumored Siri-powered speaker intended to go head-to-head with home devices like the Amazon Echo. While Foxconninsider couldn’t confirm much about the speaker’s design or specifications, the user predicted it would be announced at WWDC and would come out later this year. Read: Apple's Siri Is More Popular Than Amazon Alexa For Virtual Assistant Users, Report Says Comment from discussion IAMA Foxconn insider with information on next 12 months of hardware updates. Other rumors the user talked about included the iPhone 7s’ potential features and planned hardware refreshes for product families like the MacBook and other Apple accessories. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Here Are The Expected Features For iOS 11 Apple CEO Tim Cook: Augmented Reality Can Be "A Core Technology" Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) WWDC 2017: The Biggest Rumors About Apple’s Big Week David Z. Morris Fortune June 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple's annual World Wide Developers Conference, its largest and most closely watched annual event, begins Monday and runs through Friday in San Jose, Calif. continues to be one of the most secretive large companies on the planet. That success in turn has sprouted a cottage industry of leak-hunting and prognostication that naturally goes into overdrive before a big event like WWDC. Below is a roundup of key expectations, educated guesses, and speculative Hail Marys for this year’s conference. The biggest announcements will actually come in CEO Tim Cook's opening keynote, scheduled for 10 a.m. Pacific on Monday. Siri Upgrades Apple's pioneering voice assistant seems to be losing ground to Amazon's popular and ubiquitous Alexa, but Apple won't take such news lying down. It's now rumored that Siri may spread to iMessage and iCloud. The voice service could also see more third-party app integration--a key part of Alexa’s success--and improved predictive algorithms that could help it better compete with similar services from rivals like . Most dramatically, there has been sustained speculation that Apple's first completely new hardware product in years will be a Siri speaker not unlike Amazon's Alexa-enabled Echo. It remains unclear that such a product would be unveiled at WWDC, a software-centric event. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. iOS 11 In addition to Siri upgrades, rumors are swirling that the new version of Apple's mobile interface could include new video features in support of an increased push behind Apple Music, its Spotify-like streaming music service. FaceTime, Apple’s video chat service, may also see an upgrade to support up to five users per call. And there’s hope for a battery- and eye-saving "dark mode," for which users have been clamoring for years. MacOS and Apple TV Apple will have ample time to discuss changes large and small across its myriad platforms. Among a welter of rumors about its desktop and television platforms--macOS and Apple TV, respectively--are upgrades to file management and video support in macOS 10.13 and smart-home controls and better streaming channel integration in tvOS 11. MacBook and iPad Observers predict that Apple will announce new top-end MacBook Pro models that integrate Intel's newest Kaby Lake processors, which boast performance improvements of up to 20% over current-generation chips. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo also predicts the arrival of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Augmented Reality Glasses Take this rumor with an extra grain of salt. Someone claiming to be a Foxconn insider--that is, someone who works at the Taiwanese partner that assembles Apple products--took to Reddit yesterday to dish on topics including Apple connected eyewear supposedly dubbed “Project Mirrorshades.” Leaked documents have previously hinted at an augmented reality project at Apple. The sketchy Foxconn source said the project might never see the light of day, but one optimist spotted a possible “Easter egg” in the program for WWDC itself. “Sorry to be shady about this,” said the name of one session on Tuesday, June 6. The title also included emoji for sunglasses and the phrase “to be announced.” Did anybody else spot this?! #Apple #AR #SmartGlasses session during #WWDC #wwdc2017 #wwdc17 !!!! pic.twitter.com/LnCjvSgJYr — Kris Kolo VR AR (@kriskolodziej) June 3, 2017 All of that, of course, is just the tip of what will be a five-day iceberg for one of the largest technology companies in the world. Other significant announcements are likely to include a streamlining of iTunes and a new Apple Watch OS. If the rumor mill has you on the edge of your seat, you can tune in to Apple’s livestream of the conference in just a few hours. And don’t forget to return to fortune.com for coverage of the event. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com Bozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says This 82-Year-Old Woman Is WWDC's Oldest Attendee Apple May Unveil New Hardware at WWDC Which CEOs (Past and Present) Would You Most Want to Meet? Why Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Is the Original Geek Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next What to Watch for at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Bloomberg Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Here's Everything Apple Could Reveal at WWDC 2017 The Street Want to get rid of irrelevant Mac apps? Here's how to delete them for good Digital Trends In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC One of the most useful features of your iPhone is hidden to the left of the home screen CNBC.com This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 12
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists News Stock Futures: Apple Plays Catch-Up; Does The Nasdaq Need A Break? ED CARSON 11:32 PM ET Reprints Futures for the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 held near record levels Sunday evening. Apple (AAPL) reportedly is set to unveil a digital assistant device akin to the Amazon (AMZN) Echo and the Google Home from Alphabet (GOOGL). XAutoplay: On | Off Saturday night's U.K. terror attack may not have a big impact on financial markets, but could influence the outcome of British elections on Thursday. On Friday, the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite all hit all-time highs. On Sunday night, S&P 500 futures fell 0.1% vs. fair value Sunday evening. Dow industrials and Nasdaq 100 futures were fractionally lower. The Nasdaq composite is now 5% above its 50-day moving average. While that isn't a specific warning sign for investors, over the last several months the tech-heavy index has made short-term tops whenever it has risen that far above the 50-day. The last time was on March 1. After that, the Nasdaq moved sideways for several weeks. That gave time for the 50-day line to catch up — the Nasdaq found support in mid-April — and for new stock consolidations to form. Even with the sideways action, the Nasdaq has still risen for the last seven months and 10 of the last 11. A lot of the credit for that run comes from Apple and the FANG internet stocks Facebook (FB), Amazon, Netflix (NFLX) and Google parent Alphabet. Apple begins its annual Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday. Apple is rumored to be working on a voice-activated digital device powered by its Siri personal assistant. While Apple was a leader with its introduction of Siri years ago, but over the years Amazon and Google have made big strides in hardware and software. Apple is expected to unveil iOS 11, its latest operating system ahead of its 10th generation smartphone expected later this year. I also could refresh its Mac computers and introduce a new Apple TV set-top box. Apple shares have been consolidating for the past three weeks near record highs. That's too short to be actionable. The stock is well extended from buy points or follow-on entries. As for the FANG stocks, Facebook has been consolidating for more than four weeks. If it gets to five weeks, it would have a proper flat base. But shares closed Friday right at all-time levels. Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet all hit record highs last week, with Amazon closing above 1,000 for the first time. Asian Trading In Monday intraday trading, Japan's Nikkei rose 0.1%, China's Shanghai composite fell 0.3% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng slid 0.2%. RELATED: Waiting For A Big Stock Market Pullback? Read This First Why Facebook, Apple-Supplier Taiwan Semi Lead 5 Stocks For Your Watch List Politics May Upstage Apple's Show-And-Tell: Investing Action Plan Four Reasons You Should Withdraw From Bank Stocks ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Why Facebook, Apple-Supplier Taiwan Semi Lead 5 Stocks For Your Watch List 8:00 AM ET As the major indexes continue to climb to new all-time highs, many quality stocks are now extended. Here’s a look... 8:00 AM ET As the major indexes continue to climb to new all-time... Politics May Upstage Apple's Show-And-Tell: Investing Action Plan Top Funds Shine With Lumentum, Buy Stamps.com Foreign Stocks Look Attractive To Mutual Fund Managers Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Alphabet (GOOGL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis FANG Stocks News & Quotes: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google Amazon (AMZN) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! View Archived Webinar Now Learn advanced buying strategies & see current examples of how these techniques can boost your portfolio profits. More News What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Who Will Win The Oil Wars? U.S. Shale, OPEC Or Consumers? Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Adam Clark Estes Jun 5, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  alexa amazon echo apple google assistant google home siri steve jobs Share Image: Getty / Gizmodo We all know Apple's game by now. Wait in the wings while all of the other companies fuck up while trying to innovate, and then, just when it seems almost too late, introduce a product that does the same thing as everybody else's product, but better. This is bound to be true with the rumoured Siri speaker. The idea is oddly exciting. It's widely believed that, on Monday, Apple will reveal this so-called Siri speaker. The voice-controlled device is supposed to be a lot like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home, except, you know, it's an Apple product. That means it will look great, work great, and cost a great sum of money. According to rumours, that also means that the gadget will lack some of the flashy features of seen in the current contenders on the market. The Siri speaker probably won't have a touchscreen, like the new Amazon Echo Show. It probably won't have a built-in wi-fi router, like the rumoured Google Home hardware update. Your Move, Apple It feels like it's 2001. A ton of companies had released a ton of MP3 players, and they all sucked. The iPod was just months away. But it's 2016, and instead we're drowning in smarthome gadgets, most recently the voice-powered Amazon Echo and whatever Google Home is. Read more That's kind of the point, though. Apple is famous for releasing first generation products that do just enough, really well. Just think about the original iPod, which celebrates its sweet 16 this year. The market was flooded with problematic MP3 players by the time Steve Jobs announced Apple's magical solution in October 2001. Jobs himself explained how companies small and large were trying and failing to build music players. "They haven't found the recipe," Jobs said at that event, moments before revealing the iPod. "No one has really found the recipe yet for digital music." Now get ready for the good shit. "And we think," Jobs continued, "not only can we find the recipe, but we think the Apple brand is going to be fantastic, because people trust the Apple brand to get their great digital electronics from." You can just imagine those exact same words coming out of Tim Cook's mouth on Monday to describe Apple's entry into the smart speaker market. Lots of companies, large and small, have tried to sell an internet-connected, voice-controlled speaker for the home. None of them are awesome. Amazon's had the most success with Echo, largely because it was the first mega tech company to introduce a viable option. Echo gained steam as a smart home hub, too, because Amazon let virtually any company develop the capability to work with Alexa, Amazon's half-decent, artificially intelligent assistant. And despite its relative dominance in the information space, Google's smart speaker, blandly named "Home," has struggled to take a bite out of Amazon's market share. So here comes Apple. If the Cupertino kids do announce a new piece of hardware at the WWDC conference this year, it will almost certainly be some sort of smart speaker. People are calling it the "Siri speaker," because such a device would use Siri's computer brain power to respond to voice commands and questions. We can also expect an upgrade to Siri, perhaps a new version that can distinguish between different voices and maintain multiple user profiles. (Google Home already does this, and Amazon is expected to release the feature soon.) Otherwise, the Siri speaker will probably do the same things as the Home and the Echo — only, hopefully, better. After all, Apple is increasingly admitting that it's a luxury brand. For a smart speaker, that would mean that the sound quality would far surpass the tin-can tones of an Echo. Some rumours claim that Apple actually wants to take on Sonos in offering high-quality wireless audio throughout the home with exceptional acoustics and the processing power of an iPhone 6. Meanwhile, we have to expect Apple to flex its dominance in the privacy and security spheres. As too many people clutch their pearls over the idea of an Echo recording all of their conversations, the market is definitely primed for a safe-seeming smart speaker. It will also — Jony Ive voice — be an extraordinarily beautiful object. A design porn shot from an iPad Pro promotional video (Image: YouTube) But this all begs the question: who's going to buy this new Apple object? It's not immediately obvious that people need a smart speaker in the same way that they needed a smartphone when Apple released the iPhone ten years ago. Then again, nobody needed a smartwatch when the Apple Watch came out and now it's the number one product in the category. Is it because the Apple Watch is the very best wearable computer? Who knows. Do people trust the Apple brand to build great digital electronics? A lot of them do, yes. Even more powerful than that, however, is the fact that a lot people will buy a new gadget simply because Apple made it. Call them fanboys or girls or whatever you want, but Apple loyalists are fucking loyal. Steve Jobs programmed them to be. From the early Mac days, the late visionary excelled at convincing people that electronics were their friends. After all, way back in 1984, the original Macintosh computer gave its own robotic but revolutionary introduction speech. "I'd like to let Macintosh speak for itself," Job said, and the computer did. The crowd went wild. We don't know what will happen at WWDC 2017. If Apple does announce a smart speaker, maybe Tim Cook will invite Siri will make the announcement herself (itself?). There's a good chance the device won't be available until the fall, a move that would echo Google's announcing the Home last spring for a fall release. Of course, Apple might also let us all down and announce some boring new iPad update or no new hardware at all. But if Apple does decide to join the smart speaker circus, the company will almost certainly do it as Steve Jobs would have wanted. The gadget will be simple. It will be beautiful. It will work. It will sort of suck, but that's why you have to stick around to buy the second generation — and the third and the fourth until infinity. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments patdude @patdude Jun 5, 2017, 9:40am Noep not interested in the least. My life is just fine without this overpriced tupperware. Reply 0 mr_stevey @mr_stevey Jun 5, 2017, 10:46am where did the suggestion to update the first paragraph go giz? I've noticed it more and more lately the tardiness and inappropriateness of language in your published articles. Reply 0 bdelphan @bdelphan Jun 5, 2017, 10:55am No. I don't own any apple devices. Reply 0 geebee @geebee Jun 5, 2017, 11:21am So an article about a product that may or may not exist, may or may not have a bunch of features mentioned, may or may not be done as Steve jobs would have etc? Can I have my wasted time reading this back. Reply 2 jewgong @jewgong Jun 5, 2017, 11:36am Could this get any more biased? Reply 1 ferret @ferret Jun 5, 2017, 11:39am Why would anyone ever want a smart speaker? Seriously? This has me scratching my head..... Seems to me like a ridiculous idea when someone has run out of ridiculous ideas. Reply 0 I'm posting as a Guest Jun 5, 2017, 11:51am Apple is reportedly making an AI chip that can be used to allow siri to process the voice locally rather than send it to a server somewhere (https://www.theverge.com/2017/5/26/15702248/apple-neural-engine-ai-chip-iphone-ipad). Seems like a perfect fit for a smart speaker. Control your home without needing an internet connection for speech interpretation. Reply 0 klaw @klaw Jun 5, 2017, 12:08pm I have no doubt it will be beautiful. I have no doubt that it will work well within the Apple ecosystem. It will probably include a quirky feature that sets it apart from other products - a branded reproduction of something commonplace, with a catchy marketing buzzword masquerading as new tech, that the fawning press will breathlessly report. However, it will almost certainly be missing features that it clearly should have - you've got to leave something for the 2nd generation product that will convince owners to upgrade. And if it's anything like Siri on other iOS products, it will probably misunderstand every second phrase. Lastly, it will almost certainly be ludicrously over-priced. This will give rise to a plethora of articles by frenzied fanboy journalists, who will immediately declare all other competing products as being flawed and obsolete in any number of ridiculous ways in an attempt to justify this new expensive toy in all kinds of hilarious ways. I look forward to the mayhem, and being proven right. Reply 1 Almost Guest Jun 5, 2017, 12:34pm "... that does the same thing as everybody else's product, but better." You mean like Apple Maps? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Search GO CXO Cloud Innovation Big Data Videos More Security Software Data Centers Networking Smart City All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Innovation Big Data Videos Security Software Data Centers Networking Smart City All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware The Macintosh we deserve: How Apple can win back loyalty from professionals It's no secret that the Mac's appeal among professionals has been slipping in recent years, due to neglect from Apple and a series of product missteps. Here's how Apple can fix it. By Jason Hiner | June 4, 2017, 7:33 AM PST Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Apple has made series of well-publicized stumbles with the Macintosh in the last several years, and it has jeopardized the Mac's momentum with professionals. Nevertheless, it still has the opportunity to right the ship keep plenty of its customers in the fold. Here's what Apple can do to win back the loyalty of the people who continue to use its computers to get work done. The Mac has suffered from a lot of neglect. For example, while the iPhone gets refreshed yearly, the Mac Pro, Mac Mini, and iMac have gone 2 to 3 years—and sometimes even longer—between product refreshes. The Mac has also suffered from Apple trying to get too cute with its product design. While the Mac Pro is an impressive looking machine and the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro is a unique innovation, both sacrifice form for function. For Apple to win back professionals to the platform, it needs to commit to more regular upgrades and it needs to commit to at least bi-yearly upgrades and it needs to put functional design at the heart of the product line. Let's take a quick look at what that would mean for each for each the four Mac product lines. 1. MacBook Pro The best part about the Touch Bar is actually the Touch ID fingerprint scanner. Apple should offer a version of the product with Touch ID, but keep the physical function keys. Another big innovation that it could bring to the MacBook Pro is wireless broadband, so that professionals can keep working when out of Wi-Fi range. This is the one key features that leads a lot of professionals to the iPad. Adding it to the MacBook Pro would be a nice win. Finally, bring back the MagSafe connector. Apple could simple include a USB-C magnetic dongle, or it could include a magnetic USB-C cable like the third-party Griffin Breaksafe. 2. MacPro As cool as the Mac Pro looks, it's utterly impractical. Apple needs to just bring back a fully functional, industrial strength Macintosh tower with solid design, easy upgradeability, and all the ports that professionals need to attach high-speed storage, big monitors, Wah-kum tablets, cameras, video rigs, sound boards, and other multimedia accessories. 3. iMac Lots of professionals still buy iMacs as well. These are the machines that companies love to put at reception desks and in public areas and creative pros love to show off because they look great sitting on a desk. But, they need to remain functional and powerful so that people can use them to get work done and that the product will have a reasonable lifecycle of at least 3-4 years. Apple just needs to make sure the iMacs have adequate cooling, upgradeable RAM, plenty of expansion ports, and a full size keyboard. 4. Mac Mini Not as flashy as the iMac, the Mac Mini is important because it enables professionals and companies that prefer Macs to have a low-cost options for workers or functions that don't need a high-cost desktop, laptop, or all-one. They're also great for kiosks and to run TV screens in the corporate office. The key here is for Apple to give the Mac Mini plenty of power and expansion ports while keeping the cost as low as possible and refreshing the hardware every couple years. One more thing... One last thing Apple could do to attract professionals back into the Mac fold: offer a new version of its Cinema Display—a great product that hasn't been updated since 2011. Image: LondonDecal Keep up with the latest in business technology, subscribe to TechRepublic's Top Story of the Day newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple's WWDC 2017: Predictions and tips on how to watch the developer event Video: How to stream Apple events from Safari and other platforms What to expect at Apple WWDC 2017: Sure bets and long shots (ZDNet) WWDC 2017: Siri will make or break Apple (ZDNet) Apple WWDC 2017: What to expect (CNET) How iOS 11 could change the iPhone (CNET) macOS Sierra: The smart person's guide 7 ways to protect your Apple computers against ransomware Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jason Hiner Jason Hiner is Global Editor in Chief of TechRepublic and Global Long Form Editor of ZDNet. He's co-author of the book, Follow the Geeks. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Jason's content Google+ @jasonhiner × Disclosure Jason Hiner has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Jason Hiner is Global Editor in Chief of TechRepublic and Global Long Form Editor of ZDNet. He's co-author of the book, Follow the Geeks. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Elon Musk and the cult of Tesla: How a tech startup rattled the auto industry to its core The truth about MooCs and bootcamps: Their biggest benefit isn't creating more coders How Mark Shuttleworth became the first African in space and launched a software revolution Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Research: Defenses, response plans, and greatest concerns about cybersecurity in an IoT and mobile world Network security policy Hiring kit: IT vendor manager Information security incident reporting policy Services About Us Membership Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team TechRepublic Academy Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Barron's Picks And Pans: AT&T, Express Scripts, Accenture And More Nelson Hem , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 04, 2017 6:27pm   Comments Share: This weekend's Barron's offers six dividend-paying stocks that should thrive whether or not inflation hits hard. Other featured articles present results of a poll on America's most respected companies and how a summer blockbuster film makes an anticipated merger more appealing. The prospects for a global management consulting company and a pharmacy benefit manager are also examined. "6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation" by Lawrence C. Strauss suggests that Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and others can prosper, regardless of what happens with inflation. See which other stocks Barron's thinks provide inflation insurance with their solid fundamentals and their ability to increase their dividends. In "The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com," Vito J. Racanelli takes a look at America's most respected companies, according to Barron's latest survey of investors. Three "disruptive titans of the internet age" — Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) — claimed the top spots on the annual list. Jack Hough's "Wonder Woman Adds Allure to Time Warner Trade" makes a case that the anticipated completion of the AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) deal to buy Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) could lift the former's shares 20 percent or more, not including its healthy dividend. And even if the deal falls through, says Barron's, both stocks still have upside from here. See also: White House Says The Paris Climate Accord Hurt American Businesses; Do American Businesses Agree? Doubts about the consultant Accenture Plc (NYSE: ACN) are overblown, according to "Accenture Presents Its Second Digital Act" by Jack Willoughby, and prospects should boost the stock as much as 60 percent over the next three years. See why Barron's believes investors may be misreading the changing nature of the company's opportunities in both the United States and abroad. In Bill Alpert's follow-up article, "No Quick Cure for Express Scripts' Ailing Shares," see what political, legal and business risks pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts Holding Company (NASDAQ: ESRX) now faces. Its share price has fallen since Barron's took a closer look at the stock last summer, and the political fight over drug price inflation has only intensified since then. Also In This Week's Barron's A surprising threat to the American economy from consumers. The latest ranking of the top 100 women advisors. The fiduciary rule going into effect at long last. How Alexa makes shoppers buy more stuff. How artificial intelligence is opening doors for chip makers. The promise and perils of single-country mutual funds. A Trump economy report card. The price of Volkswagen's arrogance. The larger than expected rise of global dividend payments in the first quarter. Selecting the right exchange traded fund. Posted-In: accenture Alphabet Amazon Amazon.comBarron's Top Stories Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + ACN) The Business Leaders Who Aren't Worried About Robots Replacing Us What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle', Has Apple Stock Just Gotten Too Expensive? Analysts Are Pumped About Broadcom's Double Beat White House Says The Paris Climate Accord Hurt American Businesses; Do American Businesses Agree? Slow Job Growth In May Overshadows Otherwise Hopeful Outlook View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BAC Trending Recent 1 SIRI, LYV: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 2 PG, PBH: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 1 COTY, SBH: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 LYV, AAPL: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media E... 3 XLF, FAS: An Adventurous June Idea For A Faltering Sector 4 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle... 5 AMD, INTC: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Pr... 6 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Roboti... 7 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Business Leaders Who Aren't Worried About Robots Replacing Us
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:30 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple's Siri Is More Popular Than Amazon Alexa For Virtual Assistant Users, Report Says By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 06/04/17 AT 6:39 PM Close Voice assistants are the latest focus among tech companies. For Apple, its Siri voice assistant remains popular, but for the first time in a while, it’s feeling the heat from the competition. In a SurveyMonkey Audience poll for USA Today, 33 percent of those responding said they use Apple’s Siri the most regularly. The survey’s other findings follow a rough split of general smartphone marketshare: 19 percent of respondents used Google Assistant, 6 percent named Amazon’s Alexa as their primary assistant and a middling 4 percent named Microsoft’s Cortana as their main assistant. Read: Siri Speaker To Be Unveiled At WWDC, Apple Already Manufacturing Device Overseas USA Today noted part of Siri’s popularity comes from the assistant’s head start. Apple’s iPhone remains a leader in the smartphone market and Siri has been available to users since 2011. Other entries have generally struggled to crack this market share, either due to their reach — devices like Amazon’s Alexa solely have been on its home Echo devices — or relative newness. But at the same time, Siri is now facing significant competition from others. Within the last year, virtual assistants have expanded significantly into the home market. Amazon’s Echo assistants are built with Alexa and have made significant inroads among home users as Alexa can do everything from playing music to ordering Amazon products. Amazon also plans to invest even more heavily into the Alexa platform in the upcoming year. Upcoming devices like the Echo Show will combine Alexa with a physical touchscreen and Amazon’s open approach to Alexa has allowed developers to bring the assistant to product families ranging from TVs to home appliances. Investment and development also have been coming from companies besides Amazon. Microsoft teased a partner home speaker for Cortana earlier this year and Google has worked to bring Google Assistant to more devices alongside its Google Home personal assistant. Even Samsung has touted its own Bixby personal home assistant heavily although it remains a work in progress on its flagship Galaxy S8. Amid all this development, though, Apple’s Siri has remained largely static. The assistant has stayed out of the home space though Apple is reportedly planning on debuting its own home assistant at its Worldwide Developers Conference this month. Read: Dish Partners With Amazon To Bring Echo And Alexa Voice Control To Dish DVRs Functionally, Apple’s Siri also lies a step or two behind its competitors. In USA Today’s own testing, Google Assistant provided a better experience than Amazon’s Alexa and Apple's Siri. Even in day-to-day use, Siri has generally been an adequate, if basic, client. Siri can handle basic requests about facts like the weather or your location but often struggles to handle more complex contextual requests. At its Galaxy S8 press conference, Samsung made a point of demonstrating its Bixby client understanding a multipart question. Apple generally has been fine taking its time versus releasing products solely to keep up with the competition. For products like the iPhone or iPad, the company often has prioritized being the best over being first. But against an increasingly competitive field for home assistants, Apple’s Siri knows it needs to innovate and enter the space aggressively or risk being left behind. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Your iPhone's Mobile Data Can Be Turned off Without Passcode, Using Siri Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Concord Bicycle Music Acquires Imagem To Create 6th Largest Music Publisher Globally | Main | "One Love Manchester" Viewers Add $2.6M To $12.9M Fund In 3 Hours » Top Apple Music Exec Bozoma Saint John To Exit [REPORT] Bozoma Saint John, one of Apple Music's most visible executives, is reportedly exiting the company.  Saint John had been Pepsi's head of music and entertainment before joining Beats Music just a few months prior to Apple buying the music streamer and headphone manufacturer.  ________________________________ Bozoma Saint John first gain prominence for moving Pepsi aggressively into music and entertainment. But it was her demo (video below) on stage at last year's Apple worldwide developer conference as Apple Music's head of Global Consumer Marketing that cemented her star status.  Now, almost exactly a year later, Boz is leaving the company, a source tells Axios, who also reported that her exit comes just after Apple shifted former HR head Denise Young Smith to a new role as VP of Diversity and Inclusion. An Apple representative declined to comment. As one of only a very few women of color in executive positions at a major music or tech company, St John was also respected for her work a mentor and her careful curation of her personal brand in interviews and on social media, including Twitter and Instagram. Here is here acceptance speech as Billboard's 2016 Women In Music Executive Of The Year.   Posted by Bruce Houghton on 06/04/2017 in Music Business, Music Tech, Streaming & Cloud | Permalink Comments Top Apple Music Exec Bozoma Saint John To Exit [REPORT] Bozoma Saint John, one of Apple Music's most visible executives, is reportedly exiting the company.  Saint John had been Pepsi's head of music and entertainment before joining Beats Music just a few months prior to Apple buying the music streamer and headphone manufacturer.  View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Spotify As Important As Facebook For Musicians • Spotify Settles Suit w/ $43M Songwriter Fund • Pandora Has "Fake Listener" Problem • SoundCloud Exec Exits • Sony Merges Orchard and Red Essentials Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Recent Posts "One Love Manchester" Viewers Add $2.6M To $12.9M Fund In 3 Hours Top Apple Music Exec Bozoma Saint John To Exit [REPORT] Concord Bicycle Music Acquires Imagem To Create 6th Largest Music Publisher Globally UPDATED: How To Watch, Listen To Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester Benefit Concert in U.S. Getting It Done: The Week In D.I.Y. & Indie Music Music Think Tank Weekly Recap: Tunes And Technology • Private Events • Changing Venues For The Better • More This Week In Music Commentary REWIND: The New Music Industry’s Week In Review TOP POSTS: This Week’s Most Read Posts On Hypebot Internships: What They Mean For The Global Music Industry Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here SEARCH HYPEBOT Recent Comments Showbox apk download on YouTube Music Launches Daring Ad Campaign Featuring A Cross Dressing Teen, Rapping Hijabi Muslim, More [VIDEO] Gloria Walton on REWIND: The New Music Industry’s Week In Review Buy essay on Why Artists Shouldn't Trust Their Online Presence To Social Networks Patrick kariuki on Live Nation Offers Refunds To Fans Concerned About Terror In The UK Buzzy Tricks on 27+ Tricks & Tips For Successful Email Marketing [INFOGRAPHIC] Jack Kelly on Music Marketing Tips - Part 1: How Increase Your Fanbase [Cyber PR] buy essays online on Rightscorp Rings In New Year By Vowing To Find New Ways To Lose Money Randy on YouTube Ads For Musicians LaCurmudgeon on Sony/ATV Partners With Lyric Financial Fast Royalty Advances To Songwriters, Publishers custom essay writing service on 10 Steps To Making Touring Easier More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead Yoni Heisler BGR News June 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share With typical theatrical flair, Steve Jobs in January of 2008 introduced the world to the MacBook Air, an incredibly compact laptop that, at the time, was touted as the thinnest laptop on the market. Apple’s MacBook Air line has evolved considerably over the past few years, but we’re now hearing word that the Air’s place in Apple’s notebook lineup may soon be coming to an unceremonious end. As part of the engrossing Reddit AMA we highlighted yesterday, a purported Foxconn insider with detailed plans of upcoming Apple products relayed that Apple’s MacBook Air line is effectively dead. Don't Miss: New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project When asked if Apple will introduce a new MacBook Air in 2017, the Foxconn insider responded flatly that the “line is discontinued.” Notably, this isn’t the first inkling we’ve seen regarding the MacBook Air’s days being numbered. Not too long ago, Jack March speculated that the niche occupied by the Air had outgrown its usefulness. I think its pretty obvious at this point that Apple will never release a new 1 product with the Air branding again. For starters, the words ‘Light’ and ‘Professional’ are no longer a dichotomy, though they were when the original MacBook Air was launched in 2008. For Apple to achieve the title of World’s Thinnest Notebook they had to compromise on performance and expansion slots. It was a very niche and expensive product, only for people with the primary priority of portability. In 2016 where nearly all products from Apple and competitors are thin and light Apples distinction of Air is redundant. This is an astute and insightful point. Thinness in a notebook design is not the commodity it once was simply because the clunky notebooks designs of years past are far less prevalent. Now Apple may keep the MacBook Air line around as a cheap entry-level device, but it doesn’t seem as if the Air will be graced with a refresh ever again. In fact, there hasn’t been a substantive MacBook Air upgrade in more than two years. All that said, with WWDC kicking off tomorrow, we’ll have a better idea of Apple’s notebook aspirations soon enough. Trending right now: People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News What does your last name say about you? AncestrySponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: GottaBeMobile Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 4th, 2017 at 5:26 PM Share Tweet With typical theatrical flair, Steve Jobs in January of 2008 introduced the world to the MacBook Air, an incredibly compact laptop that, at the time, was touted as the thinnest laptop on the market. Apple’s MacBook Air line has evolved considerably over the past few years, but we’re now hearing word that the Air’s place in Apple’s notebook lineup may soon be coming to an unceremonious end. As part of the engrossing Reddit AMA we highlighted yesterday, a purported Foxconn insider with detailed plans of upcoming Apple products relayed that Apple’s MacBook Air line is effectively dead. Don't Miss: New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project When asked if Apple will introduce a new MacBook Air in 2017, the Foxconn insider responded flatly that the “line is discontinued.” Notably, this isn’t the first inkling we’ve seen regarding the MacBook Air’s days being numbered. Not too long ago, Jack March speculated that the niche occupied by the Air had outgrown its usefulness. I think its pretty obvious at this point that Apple will never release a new 1 product with the Air branding again. For starters, the words ‘Light’ and ‘Professional’ are no longer a dichotomy, though they were when the original MacBook Air was launched in 2008. For Apple to achieve the title of World’s Thinnest Notebook they had to compromise on performance and expansion slots. It was a very niche and expensive product, only for people with the primary priority of portability. In 2016 where nearly all products from Apple and competitors are thin and light Apples distinction of Air is redundant. This is an astute and insightful point. Thinness in a notebook design is not the commodity it once was simply because the clunky notebooks designs of years past are far less prevalent. Now Apple may keep the MacBook Air line around as a cheap entry-level device, but it doesn’t seem as if the Air will be graced with a refresh ever again. In fact, there hasn’t been a substantive MacBook Air upgrade in more than two years. All that said, with WWDC kicking off tomorrow, we’ll have a better idea of Apple’s notebook aspirations soon enough. Tags: Apple, MacBook Air View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 3 days ago How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 3 days ago Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead By Yoni Heisler 6 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple WWDC17 live stream: How to watch 2017 annual developers' conference online Apple's annual World Wide Developers Conference(WWDC) 2017 is scheduled to take place at 10 am PT (10:30 pm IST) on June 5 at McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. Rohit KVN   June 5, 2017 01:00 IST Apple WWDC 2017 will be held in San Jose, California from June 5 to June 9.Apple In about a few hours, American technology giant Apple will commence the company's annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017. Apple's developers conclave is scheduled take place at 10 am PT (10:30 pm IST) on June 5 at McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. It will conclude on June 9. Most expected announcements at Apple WWDC 2017: The Cupertino-based company is expected to announce new iOS v11.0 for iPhones, iPods, iPads, new OS X for iMac PCs, new iteration of watchOS and TVOS for Apple Watch and Apple TVs during the conference. Apart from software, Apple is also expected to unveil a new line of MacBook Pros, iPad Pros and also announce expansion of Apple Pay contactless payment system in more markets, among others. Read more: WWDC 2017: Top 5 announcements expected at Apple's annual developers conference How to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live online: The company has made arrangements to webcast the entire 4-day event online. But, only select users will be able to watch the programme, as the live streaming uses Apple's HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. HLS requires an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. It has to be noted that streaming via Apple TV requires an Apple TV (2nd or 3rd generation) with software 6.2 or later or an Apple TV (4th generation). The keynote address from Apple top official will commence at 10 am Pacific Time (22:30 pm IST). Interested users can watch it from here. Apple WWDC 2017 event timing details: City Time San Francisco (U.S.A. – California) Monday, June 5, 2017, 10:00:00 PDT New York (U.S.A. - New York) Monday, June 5, 2017, 13:00:00 EDT Ottawa (Canada- Ontario) Monday, June 5, 2017, 13:00:00 EDT Rio de Janeiro (Brazil – Rio de Janeiro) Monday, June 5, 2017, 14:00:00 BRT London (United Kingdom – England) Monday, June 5, 2017, 18:00:00 BST Paris (France) Monday, June 5, 2017, 19:00:00 CEST Barcelona (Spain) Monday, June 5, 2017, 19:00:00 CEST Berlin (Germany) Monday, June 5, 2017, 19:00:00 CEST Amsterdam (Netherlands) Monday, June 5, 2017, 19:00:00 CEST Johannesburg (South Africa) Monday, June 5, 2017, 19:00:00 SAST Moscow (Russia) Monday, June 5, 2017, 20:00:00 MSK Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates - Abu Dhabi) Monday, June 5, 2017, 21:00:00 GST Islamabad (Pakistan) Monday, June 5, 2017, 22:00:00 PKT New Delhi (India – New Delhi) Monday, June 5, 2017, 22:30:00 IST Indonesia (Jakarta) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 00:00:00 WIB Beijing (China - Beijing Municipality) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 01:00:00 CST Taipei (Taiwan) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 01:00:00 CST Hong Kong (Hong Kong) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 01:00:00 HKT Singapore (Singapore) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 01:00:00 SGT Seoul (South Korea) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 02:00:00 KST Tokyo (Japan) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 02:00:00 JST Canberra (Australia - Australian Capital Territory) Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 03:00:00 AEDT Related Lenovo Moto C with MediaTek quad-core CPU launched in India OnePlus 5 tipped to debut on June 15 with the slimmest flagship phone tag Google releases new Gmail security update with anti-phishing and spam filter to prevent ransomware attack Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 6 hours ago by iClarified · 3298 views · Translate Apple is holding its Worldwide Developers Conference this week and it kicks off with a keynote event Monday at 10am PT / 1 PM ET. This year Apple is not only expected to unveil new software, but we may also see the introduction of some new hardware. iOS 11 We've heard surprisingly few details about iOS 11 thus far. iOS 11 is expected to feature a redesigned / refreshed user interface, along with new features and capabilities. Apple has been slowly updating some of its apps with a bolder look and we could see this carry through to more of the operating system. Last year, a hidden Dark Mode was discovered in iOS 10 beta but it's unclear if Apple plans to finally debut it in iOS 11. It's expected that Apple will announce a big update to Siri to remain competitive with rivals Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and others. Last year, Apple opened up Siri to developers for certain app categories and we would expect Apple to continue to expand Siri's functionality. A report from late March claimed that Siri would be integrated into the Messages app and iCloud. It's alleged that Apple will update iOS with support for group FaceTime calling, a feature that has long been requested. We also expect Apple to release several iPad-focused iOS enhancements to help the device's recent decline in sales. Alongside the update, Jimmy Iovine has said a revamped Apple Music app is coming that will put a greater focus on video. Other rumored features like facial recognition and AR likely won't be unveiled until the new iPhone makes its appearance this fall. macOS 10.13 The upgrade to iOS 10.3 changed the iPhone's file system from HFS+ to APFS and there's a possibility that Apple could take a similar step with mac 10.13. Apple announced Apple File System as a new, modern file system for iOS, OS X, tvOS and watchOS. It is optimized for Flash/SSD storage and features strong encryption, copy-on-write metadata, space sharing, cloning for files and directories, snapshots, fast directory sizing, atomic safe-save primitives, and improved file system fundamentals. You can learn more about APFS here. As with iOS, Apple is expected to bring its Siri improvements to macOS but we've heard little information about the company's plans. We could also see some iOS features (e.g. low power mode, control center) also come to macOS. tvOS We don't have specific details on Apple's plans for tvOS; however, one nice addition would be a Home app let users manage HomeKit accessories. The Apple TV already acts as a hub to let you control devices remotely. We're also likely to see improvements to Apple's recently-launched TV app and to Siri. watchOS Apple is expected to update watchOS but again we have little detail on what's planned. Battery improvements, Siri enhancements, new watch faces and complications, and improved fitness tracking are likely but not confirmed. Apple may highlight Nike's new exclusive lineup of Apple Watches recently released during the keynote. Siri Speaker Perhaps the most exciting item Apple could announce tomorrow is a rival to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Sources say that Apple has been testing three designs for a Siri speaker, at least one of which had a camera and a screen. Interestingly, Apple SVP Phil Schiller recently touted the advantages of having a display. The device is said to feature a modified A9 chip and be similar in shape to the Mac Pro but smaller. Sources claim it has a concave top with controls and is fat with the speaker mesh portion covering it all. The Siri speaker will allegedly differentiate itself from competitors by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with the Apple ecosystem. It will of course be able to control devices via Apple HomeKit and allow users to access Apple services such as Apple Music. Apple employees have purportedly been testing the device at home for several months. It's said to have excellent acoustic performance (one woofer + seven tweeters) and be positioned for the the high-end market. The speaker is not expected to launch immediately; rather, it would ship later in the year. iPad Pro Alongside an updated 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it's rumored that Apple will unveil a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model. The newly designed iPad would have a similar form factor to the 9.7-inch model but feature a larger display and smaller bezels. MacBook We believe that Apple will announce some updates to its lineup of MacBooks at WWDC. Most notable is the MacBook Pro's move from Intel's Skylake to Kaby Lake processor. Apple may offer a 32GB of RAM option on high-end models, appeasing professional users. A similar update to the 12-inch MacBook is expected that will bring a new Kaby Lake processor and double the RAM from 8GB to 16GB. Apple has considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales have remained surprisingly strong. However, just yesterday, a Foxconn Insider claimed it has been discontinued. Mac Unfortunately, we're not expecting any Mac Pro, iMac, or Mac mini updates at WWDC; however, Apple has confirmed that a new professional iMac and a redesigned Mac Pro are in development. We'll being providing coverage of the WWDC keynote tomorrow morning. Stay tuned to iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for details... [McEnery Convention Center] Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Rain Man - 1 minute ago Keeping my expectations pretty low. Wouldn't be surprised at all if all the OSs are still trash. Only thing worth looking forward to is the new iPad. If it is a bezel less iPad, then it'll set the tone for future iPads and iPhones. This could really spark the flame back into Apple. It will also well tell a lot about the iPhone 8. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Poopy - 1 hour ago What about a new iPhone? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Neolm09 - 5 hours ago Ahh, Déjà vu, it seems like what ever they do it's just following up or catching up with the others, I guess this it for my generation we won't see anymore revolutionary products from Apple, maybe when we get old and then we won't care, the only big announcement that they did was the gayness of its CEO, WOW, a man that loves taking it up in the anu*s, thats a fu*cking revolution in human nature. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Tech Trends » Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘switch To Iphone’ Campaign (video) ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Jordan's Unemployment Rate Hits Highest Level in 25 Years Saudi Arabia Bans Promotional Brochures at Doorsteps, Fines Up to SR500 Bahrain's Mumtalakat Eyes Share in Saudi Aramco IPO Jordan's New Aqaba Terminal Set for Early 2018 Launch Goldman Sachs Eyes Expansion in Saudi Arabia With Equities Trading License UAE Joins World's Top 10 Most Competitive Countries, Its First Time Ever Royal Jordanian Starts Weekly Direct Flights to Dubai, From Aqaba Worker Abuse at Ivanka Trump's Shoe Factory in China? 'Fitch Ratings Affirming Tunisia at B+ Meant to Reassure Investors': Economist UAE Approves Draft Law on Domestic Workers to Stop 'Slave-Like' Conditions Jordan Cuts Government Spending by $288 Million in 2017 State Budget Saudi Aramco Partners With Hyundai, Lamprell and Bahri to Build GCC's Biggest Shipyard No Laptop Ban on US Flights From Europe, for Now Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) 4.00 6 Published June 4th, 2017 - 22:12 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: 5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Apple launches the "Switch to iPhone" campaign to win over Android users. (YouTube) Follow > Click here to add Apple as an alert Click here to remove the Apple alert Disable alert for Apple, Click here to add Google as an alert Click here to remove the Google alert Disable alert for Google, Click here to add Tim Cook as an alert Click here to remove the Tim Cook alert Disable alert for Tim Cook Tech fans are divided over which system is better - Apple's iOS-running iPhones or the varied Android devices that use Google's OS. While Apple offers a uniform experience across its devices (and often a higher resale value) the Android phones are often cheaper. Read more: Apple launches iPhone 7 Red and we love it! And as Google showed with its recent I/O conference, there's a lot of impressive features on Android devices like the Pixel phone. But ahead of its own developer conference - the coveted WWDC - Apple has launched a new campaign dedicated to winning over Android users to iPhone. The "Switch to iPhone" campaign has its own subsection on Apple's website where the company lays out how easy it is to swap over. Boldly claiming that "Life is easier on iPhone", the campaign has various questions and answers about why gadget fans might favour Apple. There's also information on battery life, privacy and Apple's own commitment to environmental policies. "There’s no need to save your stuff elsewhere before switching from Android. Just download the Move to iOS app from the Google Play Store and it securely transfers your content for you," explains Apple. Read more: No more distracted driving with this exciting new Apple Watch feature When it comes to owning the mobile market, Android far outstrips Apple's iOS. That's because Google allows any manufacturer to use its software on its devices. That means whether its the high-end Samsung Galaxy S8 or low-price Moto X it still runs the same software, and Google gets the credit. During its quarterly earnings calls, when Apple reveals its numbers to investors, one key factor is often how many users have switched from Android to iOS. "We saw the largest absolute number of switchers outside of Greater China that we've ever seen in the same period," Apple boss Tim Cook said at the last Apple earnings call. As Google continues to innovate with Android, Apple has to push hard to make sure it retains a decent segment of the mobile market. Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Copyright © 2017 Trinity Mirror Group Rate Article: 5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Saudi Fast Food Chains Dry Up During Ramadan Muslim Convert 'Jihadi Jack' Not a Jihadi Anymore, Escapes Daesh ‘Wide Covfefe’: Royal Jordanian Pokes Fun at POTUS Again Iftar Held Outside Trump Tower in Protest Against Islamophobia High-Rise Apartment Building Topples in Alexandria Egypt Launches Series on 'Illegal Migration' Trump’s Popularity Rockets in Saudi Arabia, Say Polls Egyptian Cleric Declares Ramadan Prank Shows ‘un-Islamic’ 7 Sentenced to Death over Rape of Disabled Boy in Kuwait Solar-Powered Hospitals Are Saving Lives in Syria N.J. Township Has to Pay $3.25 Million to Islamic Group Dubai: Man Receives One Year in Jail for Insulting Religion on Facebook Top Headlines Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) Iraqi Forces Capture Daesh-held Baaj Area Near the Syrian Border Battle Imminent in Dara'a as Syrian Regime Focuses Resources RECENT ARTICLES Trump Will Need More Than a Covfefe to Beat King Salman's 147,000 Retweets on Twitter Elon Musk Has a Dream.. and It Starts in Dubai Apple Goes After Android Users With Bold ‘Switch to iPhone’ Campaign (Video) Jordan's Unemployment Rate Hits Highest Level in 25 Years Saudi Arabia Bans Promotional Brochures at Doorsteps, Fines Up to SR500 FEATURED STORIES Facebook Messenger debuts KLM boarding pass feature iPhone SE vs iPhone 6s: Worth the switch? Facebook will be a world's largest 'virtual graveyard' by 2098 Do you still read a printed newspaper? Sharjah students help you 'Face Your Fear' with new phobia-conquering app RELATED ARTICLES Apple and Samsung squaring up again MOST POPULAR Etihad Adds World's Largest Plane With Apartments, Studios Oil Prices Stall Ahead of Pivotal OPEC Meeting Oil Prices Won't Be Affected by OPEC Cut Extension: Experts Arabtec Wins $398 Million Contract for 2020 Tower in Dubai OPEC Extends Oil Cuts for Another Nine Months Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Trump Tells Muslim Leaders to ‘Drive Out’ Extremists Fake News War Erupts as Qatar News Agency is Hacked Arms Race: Iran Builds Third Underground Missile Factory Iraqi Militias Infiltrate Syria, Test International Coalition US Airdrops Forces in Eastern Syria, Launching ‘Operation Desert Volcano’   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 25,063 Shares of Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Co. (GLDD) Congress Asset Management Co. MA Takes Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) 3,600 Shares in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Shares Bought by Blue Edge Capital LLC A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $628.2 Million Empresa Distribuidora y Cmrz Nrt SA (EDN) Position Reduced by Renaissance Technologies LLC Archrock Partners LP (APLP) Short Interest Update FBR & Co Weighs in on Lion Biotechnologies Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (LBIO) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Marcus Corp (MCS) Decreased by Barrington Research Traders Buy Global Payments Inc (GPN) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 13,400 Shares of Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Position Decreased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Ferro Co. (FOE) Position Decreased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Stake in Container Store Group Inc (TCS) Meritage Homes Corp (MTH) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Boosts Stake in Discover Financial Services (DFS) Tricadia Capital Management LLC Has $6.14 Million Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Spark Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Eric Debonis Sells 350 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Stock Insider Buying: First Capital Realty Inc (FCR) Director Buys 1,700 Shares of Stock Congress Asset Management Co. MA Takes Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) June 4th, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Congress Asset Management Co. MA acquired a new stake in shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm acquired 652,715 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock, valued at approximately $75,597,000. Apple makes up approximately 1.6% of Congress Asset Management Co. MA’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of AAPL. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at about $127,000. D. Scott Neal Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple by 701.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 1,202 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares during the period. Welch Investments LLC acquired a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter valued at $146,000. Odey Holdings AG increased its position in shares of Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the period. Finally, Isthmus Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Apple by 80.5% in the third quarter. Isthmus Partners LLC now owns 1,343 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. Get Apple Inc. alerts: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ AAPL) traded up 1.48% on Friday, reaching $155.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 27,770,715 shares. Apple Inc. has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $149.57 and its 200-day moving average is $132.53. The firm has a market cap of $810.49 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.85% and a return on equity of 33.20%. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a dividend of $0.63 per share. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.62%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s payout ratio is 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/04/congress-asset-management-co-ma-purchases-shares-of-652715-apple-inc-aapl-updated-updated-updated.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $159.00 price target (up previously from $152.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Rosenblatt Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $120.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday, April 17th. FBN Securities raised their price objective on shares of Apple from $155.00 to $160.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $159.65. In other news, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 47,796 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $143.32, for a total transaction of $6,850,122.72. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 94,010 shares in the company, valued at $13,473,513.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Johny Srouji sold 10,019 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.96, for a total transaction of $1,542,525.24. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 91,291 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,055,162.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock worth $64,608,919. 0.08% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Apple Rumors Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread New, 45 comments Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Jun 4, 2017, 4:12pm EDT share tweet Linkedin @kksneakleaks In a thread on Reddit, three alleged Foxconn employees have posted information about some of Apple’s upcoming products, such as the iPhone 7S and iPhone 8, the rumored Siri Speaker, smart glasses, and more, just days before the company is set to start WWDC on Monday. According to the subreddit’s moderators, the identities of the posters have been verified with proper documentation and evidence, but it’s not clear how trustworthy the information is - AppleInsider notes that there’s some basis to take this information with a grain of salt, and the mods noted that they’re only able to verify that the users in question would have access to this information. Here’s an overview of what they revealed, and we’ll see tomorrow how accurate it is. Glasses One of the more interesting set of details was about Apple’s rumored Augmented Reality Glasses. Reports of the devices surfaced last fall, and Apple CEO Tim Cook recently noted that the company has invested in AR. According to Foxconninsider, the project is called Project Mirrorshades (A reference to a 1980s Cyberpunk anthology?), which would be designed to bring AR to a larger audience. The glasses consist of a “Kopin NED Acetate frame, Polarisized or prescription lens with Zeiss smart optics, Bone induction modules Microphones (noise cancellation), Light sensor Accelerometer for step tracking and head movement, app navigation Magnetometer for navigation, Capacitive Pavel Ceramic battery, Apple chipset, [and] Charging circuit BL5 Induction module.” They also reportedly came in crystal, champagne, and black colors. Movement would play some role in the function of the glasses: Foxconninsider noted that for an app like Tinder, a user could shake their head for no, or nod for yes. A “small capacitive strip on” the arm would allow users to accept calls and control the volume, while Siri could also be used to make calls. The device would use a prism that “conveys NED display image to lens,” and would have 428x240 resolution. The insiders noted that they only saw a “transparent reader lens but I understand they can procure polarised or prescription lenses,” that the frames were “Cellulose acetate Injection mold frames into an aluminum mold,” that they came in two sizes (men and women’s), and that they had a P3 frame design. There was also the possibility that there would be seasonal design updates. The materials cost for the devices would be around $150, which Foxconninsider noted would likely place the retail price in the $600. It’s not clear if Mirrorshades will go forward, however. Foxconninsider explained that while they were a “unique design”, there was a 65 percent chance that the entire project would be canceled, because the batteries are difficult to produce. iPhone 8 Foxconninsider referred to the overhauled iPhone as the iPhone X, and that production has been delayed, which is in line with some rumors that have surfaced recently. The user noted that some of the leaked designs weren’t accurate, and explained that the new version looked “more like an iPhone 7 with glass and without the AuthenTec's capacitive touch module.” When asked which leaked image it looked like the most, they said that the middle one was the most accurate. The rear camera has been reoriented, and the bezel on the phone will be thinner on the Y-axis. They also reported that they saw some “test units with fingerprint scanners mounted below the glass, but performance and yield rates were not good.” They explained that they haven’t seen a rumored rear fingerprint scanner, speculating that it might have been misinformation. The phone will apparently also use Facial Detection and a Retina Scanner, which will be “included in the front facing camera modules.” They detailed some other tidbits about the overhauled model: it would come with 3GB RAM, that it doesn’t have an aluminum unibody, but instead had a “composite glass to allow wireless charging,” with a rear panel. They also noted that the new iPhone will be “water resistant” (a feature already shared by the iPhone 7), and that they won’t use USB-C. iPhone 7S The user spoke a bit about an previously rumored iPhone 7 refresh: noting that it’ll have an aluminum unibody instead of a glass chassis, and that it won’t have wireless charging. Siri Speaker Apple is thought to be revealing its Siri-powered home device tomorrow, and Foxconninsider had some details about the device. They described the device as having a similar shape to that of the Mac Pro, but smaller, but also cautioned that they hadn’t seen it in a while. They did note that they tested three designs: “one design without camera, without screen,” (The third presumably has both.) The device would also come with a “modified A9 chip.” They predicted that it would be announced soon, but that it wouldn’t come out until later this year. Macbook Apple is reportedly updating its entire MacBook lineup this year, with a new MacBook Pro, a more powerful version of the 12-inch MacBook, and an updated 13-inch MacBook Air (Foxconninsider noted in the thread that the MacBook Air was being discontinued, so we’ll see). They noted that they tested some updated MacBook designs, which included “more glass and dark black body,” as well as a reintroduction of white apple light that was discontinued in 2015. When asked if it would be similar to the Thunderbolt Display, they agreed: “Somewhat; similar to the black iPhone 7 and the iPhone X finish (like iPhone 4).” They also said that the discontinued MagSafe would return in “12-18 months.” When asked if the MacBook Pros would get 3D/Force Touch, they noted that aside from the Touchbar, no laptops in the 18 month range will have any sort of touch display. iMac, Smart keyboard, iPad The iMac will reportedly get an an SOC and incremental updates, and a full redesign (with smart keys, which will join the Touch Bar, rather than replace it.) is being delayed until next year. When asked about the keyboards, they noted that they tested “two e-paper technologies; E-ink in black and white and color, other a color Qualcomm display (cancelled due to IP dispute).” They also noted that the keys would be low profile. They also noted that they don’t have access to the iPads, but did confirm a rumored third iPad size. Random Tidbits and Canceled projects Foxconninsider noted that contrary to rumors, Apple is sticking with its lightning cable. When asked about TV panels, they also said that there’ll be some information coming later this year about the Apple TV. They also spoke a little about some of the projects that have been canceled over the years, and listed several: “IoT devices like fitness band, headphone designs, larger keyboard with backlighting etc.” The thread details a number of specific updates and details about Apple’s next line of products, some of which fit with the rumors that have come in recent months. However, it’s worth noting that it’s not clear how accurate all of these leaks will be, given that the users themselves noted that they haven’t seen some of the devices in a while. We’ll find out tomorrow. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Essential accused of trademark infringement by accessory maker Spigen Now Trending Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Wonder Woman is a welcome sign that the online outrage game can change It’s time to laugh at misogynists, not condescend to them Apple’s WWDC 2017: a Siri speaker, iOS 11, and what else to expect Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 30. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? by Ashley Carman Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide 32-Bit Apps Aren't Showing Up in the App Store But Don't Panic, Yet Rhett JonesToday 3:49pm Filed to: Appocaly-nah-I'm-not-going-to-do-it app store 32 bit 64 bit ios11 update search results 18 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image source: Apple Apple’s WWDC is tomorrow and you can expect that the latest update to its mobile operating system, iOS 11 will be one of the announcements. With the update, support for 32-bit apps will be going away and it seems that those apps have already disappeared from search results in the Apple store. It's Probably Time for Your Favorite iPhone Apps and Games to Die A new message found in the latest iOS 10 beta update seems to indicate Apple will be killing off…Read more Back in 2013, Apple improved its hardware by switching over to 64-bit processors. But the old 32-bit apps still worked just fine and that’s the way it’s been ever since. But iOS 11 will be Apple’s first operating system that is abandoning those old apps in favor of pushing developers to update or be lost forever. Advertisement As Touch Arcade points out, if you search for an old 32-bit app like say Peggle Classic, you won’t find what your looking for. However, if you use a direct link, the app is still available for download. What this means is you can still grab that old app that you meant to buy or would like to own again. And it will work on your phone until you update to iOS 11. Gamers will likely be the ones who are hit hardest by this transition. If an older game’s time has come and gone, developers may not feel like it’s worth it to update. With productivity apps, you’ve probably already moved on to something else or can find a replacement that functions the same way. But games, especially games by indie developers, are often one of a kind. And games that don’t use microtransactions tend to have a shorter window of profitability. Going through Kotaku’s list of the 12 best games on the iPhone, only one entry has disappeared from the search results: Ridiculous Fishing. As for the apps that are already on your phone, Apple has included a panel in Settings for you to check if there’s an update available. Just go to Settings>General>About>Applications. A list of the apps that will be outdated should be displayed. If nothing’s there, you should be good. Soon, you’ll need to update to iOS 11. It will be the best operating system for your phone, and it’ll be the most secure option. But if you have an older device laying around maybe you’ll want to load it up with some apps that are dying and just never update it. For the love of god, if you haven’t played Ridiculous Fishing, do it now. [via Touch Arcade] More on apps Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing How to Install Lightweight Versions of Your Favorite Apps The Best Apps for Sharing Photos Privately Rhett Jones rhett.jones@gizmodo.com @rhettjonez Writer You may also like Gizmodo NASA's Plan to Fill the Sky With Red and Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Today 5:16pm Gizmodo We'll Be Liveblogging Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Right Here on Monday Today 2:54pm Gizmodo Scientists Demonstrate Ability to Decode Images of Human Faces by Scanning Monkeys' Brains Today 1:18pm Recent from Rhett Jones 41 50K Gizmodo · Rhett Jones NASA's Plan to Fill the Sky With Red and Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Today 5:16pm 21 15.5K Gizmodo · Rhett Jones Scientists Demonstrate Ability to Decode Images of Human Faces by Scanning Monkeys' Brains Today 1:18pm 152 19.2K Gizmodo · Rhett Jones Theresa May Calls for International Regulation of Cyberspace in Wake of Attacks Today 11:38am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future Software developers build the apps that make Apple products useful, and next week is its annual conference for them. To keep them happy and engaged with its platforms, Apple will have to address challenges with Siri, content, the Mac, and China. Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 7 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Considering its role as the world's most valuable public company, Apple reveals remarkably little about the strategy that has catapulted it to an $800 billion valuation. Next week is a rare exception: The annual Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, where coders and app makers gather to make preparations for the next versions of Apple's operating systems. This year's confab could be particularly important to investors. CEO Tim Cook has set an ambitious goal to double the company's services revenue — which includes the App Store — by 2020. Developers, the people who build those apps, are key to getting there. Source: Apple Apple ios apps available now for Apple Watch. Apple knows how to court them. It has invested heavily in education efforts around coding — including coding game Swift Playgrounds and the revamped Genius Bar — and the App Store has paid out $70 billion to developers since it launched in 2008, according to Apple. To keep those developers engaged, here are four challenges that Apple will have to address. 1. Making Siri competitive Last year, consumer technology writer Walt Mossberg asked why Siri seems "so dumb." An (albeit non-scientific) test by CNBC.com last month came to a similar conclusion: The Google Assistant answers most questions better than Siri. Apple is reportedly preparing a smart home speaker with Siri, which may or may not debut next week. (Apple almost never confirms products ahead of launch). But for a speaker like that to take off, the development around Siri might need to improve, said John Forrester, chief marketing officer at Inbenta, which makes virtual agents and assistants for enterprises. With many development platforms to choose from, it's up to Apple to woo developers to make something for Siri, Forrester said. Many developers today like the App Store, Forrester said, because they can easily monetize their work. The same goes for chat-based artificially intelligent bots, he said. Forrester, who has previously worked for companies like Samsung and Microsoft, said that Apple has a big advantage in that it is known for sleek industrial design, and aligned with luxury brands like Hermes. "When you look at three major players, Apple and Google have a great record of courting developers. They work well them." -Jonathan Frankel, Founder of smart home system Nucleus Apple is also known for its focus on user experience, which could make the rumored speaker easier to use than Alexa, which often requires you to awkardly ask it to summon a skill before you can do tasks. That could be augmented by Apple's recent investments in automation. "When you are talking to someone, you give it a name. I think it's weird that Google Home doesn't have one. We have customers that have avatars, that's more important in some cultures," Forrester said. "It's going to be important that as Siri learns — if it's a platform to make it more intelligent — that it won't be hidden commands. Just part of the persona," he added. "I think that's really important. The bar is really raised for Apple to really wow us." 2. Content, including AR and VR Developers also need to have a clear understanding of the rest of Apple's services strategy to know where and how they can plug into it. For instance, last year's WWDC event included a big upgrade to Apple Music, foreshadowing the release of content like original series "Planet of the Apps" and Tribeca Film Festival movie "Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives." This year's updates to platforms like tvOS could foreshadow what's to come for Apple in the video space. Apple has also been widely rumored to be planning new augmented or virtual reality capabilities in the next iPhone. If it wants users to take advantage of those capabilities, it's going to have to start showing developers how to build apps and experiences that take advantage of them. "Apple will announce iOS 11 and bring new capabilities to iPhones and iPads," wrote Gene Munster, venture capitalist at Loup Ventures. "The question is: how much will iOS 11 tell us about Apple's ambitions in augmented reality?" 3. Some Mac love Apps are built on Macs — and even Apple admits that its attention to Mac upgrades has been lackluster. Meanwhile, Apple continues to pour resources into the iPad, and says it's still bullish on it. But it's not powerful enough to do serious programming. With refreshed MacBooks and iPads expected at the event, Apple would do well to more clearly define the different use cases for each, and prove to developers that it's still serious about the Mac. VCG | Getty Images Tim Cook, Chief Executive Officer of Apple Inc., and China Mobile Chairman Xi Guohua (R) visit a China Mobile shop to celebrate the launch of iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C on China Mobile's fourth generation (4G) network on January 17, 2014 in Beijing, China. 4. Addressing China One of the top questions clients ask Bernstein's Sacconaghi about Apple is "What is happening in China?" The resulting "investment controversy" has become known as Apple's "China Problem." Warren Capital estimates that iPhone sales in China fell 14 percent from the year-ago period in April. "There is no doubt that the iPhone is not selling well in China currently," Longbow analyst Shawn Harrison wrote in a recent research note. "Domestic [manufacturers] are taking share, particularly Huawei. However, many people are waiting for the new iPhone." But another issue is that one of Apple's main value propositions — an easy-to-use, integrated software system — holds less appeal in China. Ben Thompson, the author and founder of Stratechery, explained last month. "The fundamental issue is this: unlike the rest of the world, in China the most important layer of the smartphone stack is not the phone's operating system. Rather, it is WeChat." In fact, WeChat received about 29 percent of all the time spent in mobile apps in China on an average day last month, according to data in Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends report published last week. "Naturally, WeChat works the same on iOS as it does on Android. That, by extension, means that for the day-to-day lives of Chinese there is no penalty to switching away from an iPhone," Thompson wrote. Last year's WWDC event provided clear appeals to the Chinese market, including iMessage apps, and "Scribble" written characters in messages — convenient for writing Chinese characters. Building out these resources could be key for Apple, Thompson wrote. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NFLX --- SNAP --- 700 --- AMZN --- AAPL ---
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, June 4, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News ISIS Claims Responsibility for Attack; Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ 7 Killed and Dozens Hurt in the Assault Near London Bridge By STEVEN ERLANGER Britain’s leader, Theresa May, vowed a sweeping review of the nation’s counterterrorism strategy after the attack, which ISIS said was carried out by “a detachment” of its “fighters.” The police shot and killed the three assailants within minutes. Officers arrested 12 people on Sunday.  Comments ‘People Running and Screaming. It Was Utter Horror’ By CEYLAN YEGINSU and STEPHEN FARRELL Witnesses described a scene of confusion and chaos, where bars were packed with people enjoying their Saturday night. Here’s what we know and don’t know » Ariana Grande performed at the “One Love Manchester” tribute concert on Sunday. Credit Pool photo by Danny Lawson Defiant Note at Ariana Grande Show Ms. Grande thanked the Manchester crowd for being “strong and unified” in her first appearance since a suicide bomber killed 22 people at her May 22 show there. By CHRISTOPHER D. SHEA How the Attacks in London Unfolded Three attackers drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge on Saturday before stabbing people at nearby Borough Market. Terrorist Attacks in Britain: A Short History 8:27 PM ET Trump Responds to London Attack with Twitter Storm By PETER BAKER 8:44 PM ET President Trump assailed political correctness, gun-control advocates and the mayor of London on Sunday, arguing that the world needed to be more serious about fighting terrorism. Trump Returns to Center of Partisan Media Combat Pictures From the Scene 1:58 ‘Get Down, Get Down’ By AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER, MALACHY BROWNE, MARK SCHEFFLER and DAVE HORN ‘Soft Power’ of a Russian Bank Comes to Light in U.S. Inquiry By BEN PROTESS, ANDREW E. KRAMER and MIKE McINTIRE 9:22 PM ET Investigators of possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign are looking at Jared Kushner’s meeting with the head of VEB, a bank owned by the Russian state. “This is not a bank,” said a Standard & Poor’s analyst. “We should rather treat this bank as a government agency.” A Pledge to Remake Nuclear Arsenal Now Faces Higher Costs By JAMES GLANZ and DAVID E. SANGER 7:42 PM ET The estimate of a project to fulfill President Trump’s pledge to remake the nation’s atomic arsenal is 20 percent more than once envisioned, and it is unclear if the White House can stomach the cost. G.M. Wants to Drive Future of Cars That Drive Themselves By BILL VLASIC 5:47 PM ET General Motors is redirecting energy and capital toward a race with Silicon Valley to create self-driving cars. Adventures in Capitalism EpiPen Price Caused Much Outrage, but Firm Hasn’t Budged By CHARLES DUHIGG Mylan has an effective monopoly on a lifesaving product, which has allowed its leaders to see public outrage as a tax they must pay. What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins By GRAHAM BOWLEY A Pennsylvania jury will consider a case against Mr. Cosby, once a father figure and moral force, whom many women have accused of criminal misconduct. Sign Up for Updates on the Cosby Trial The Daily 360 0:45 Making a Living by Jumping Off a Cliff Kassie Bracken/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. For the Hmong, marijuana farming is not only a commercial opportunity but also a chance to return to a rural lifestyle. Credit Jim Wilson/The New York Times California’s ‘Green Rush’ Draws Hmong Immigrants Legal marijuana cultivation is drawing former farmers from Laos and their families to the northern hills, and to a life that feels like home. By THOMAS FULLER Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 8:01 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Trilobites An Effect of Climate Change You Could Really Lose Sleep Over By JUSTIN GILLIS Hotter nights in a warming world could have significant effects on how well people sleep, a new study suggests. The Fix The Starter Tool Kit for Home Improvements By MICHELLE HIGGINS Even the most reluctant D.I.Y.er needs a few basic tools. Here’s what the experts suggest.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students By AMY HARMON 7:27 PM ET A new teacher’s efforts to educate teenagers in Ohio coal country ran up against a cultural resistance to evidence of the human role in global warming. 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 By HARVEY ARATON 10:55 PM ET Coach Steve Kerr returned to the bench as Golden State remained unbeaten in 14 games this postseason and took a 2-0 series lead against Cleveland in the N.B.A. finals. Celebrities Flock to Watch Warriors. And That’s Just Practice. Critic's Notebook What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? By WESLEY MORRIS The “Real Time With Bill Maher” host overstepped his privilege as a famous comedian. That’s bad. But it’s not a hate crime. New York Turns Food Waste Into Black Gold By EMILY S. RUEB A multimillion-dollar campaign is aimed at cutting down on greenhouse gas emissions and reliance on landfills by turning organic refuse into compost and, soon, clean energy. The Velvet Rope Economy The Doctor Is In. Co-Pay? $40,000. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ For five-figure annual fees, boutique medical services offer the wealthiest Americans the chance to cut the line and receive the best treatment. Side Street Benjy Melendez’s Legacy: Peace and Hope in the Bronx By DAVID GONZALEZ The onetime gang member, who helped broker a truce among gangs in 1971 and became a longtime counselor, remained upbeat to the very end. More News Emirates Cut Ties With Qatar, Accusing It of Destabilizing Region Wendell Burton, Actor and Megachurch Minister, Dies at 69 Mexico Governor’s Race Offers Chance to Defeat Ruling Party Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racism in Oregon Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Refugees and Terrorism, or Refugees and Lost Opportunity? In this week’s newsletter, a return to Baghdad and the tragedy of an Iraqi-Australian killed for an ice cream. Players Want Margaret Court Arena Renamed Over Remarks on Gays The Australian champion’s comments about gays and same-sex marriage have reignited a debate about her legacy and how tennis should celebrate her. Passenger’s Bomb Threat Forces Plane’s Return to Australia A flight bound for Malaysia returned to Australia after an unruly man, believed to be drunk, unsuccessfully tried to gain access to the cockpit. Harlem’s Fashion Outlaw Dapper Dan Twenty-five years after luxury labels sued his Harlem boutique out of existence, Gucci looks to the couturier Daniel Day, better known as Dapper Dan, for inspiration. The Modern Love Podcast, With Debra Winger The “Lovers” actress reads “You May Want to Marry My Husband,” Amy Krouse Rosenthal’s dating profile for her husband, published before the author’s death. ‘If We Die, Then We Can’t Do Much’ In the new documentary “If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast,” the comedian Carl Reiner serves as tour guide to the still-vital lives of his nonagenarian friends. Sunday Review Editorial Another Terrorist Attack, and More Agony, in Britain The latest outrage has not disrupted the democratic process or democratic values.  Comments Is London Pride Enough? By JENNI RUSSELL Britons are quick to show their stoicism. But after another attack, unease is palpable. A Very British Response Editorial: More Agony in U.K. Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop On Ireland’s Border: ‘That Sad Old Game’ By GARRETT CARR Thanks to “Brexit,” Borderlanders have to adapt, yet again, to what distant powers decide for them. Dowd: Trump Stomps Earth Douthat: Neither Hot Nor Cold on Climate Kristof: What Monkeys Can Teach Us About Fairness Bruni: The Triumph of ‘Wonder Woman’ Editorial: Proof That Trump’s Lobbyist Ban Is Worthless User Subscriptions Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Ahead of Breaking News, a Shoe Story That Fits Times Insider » Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music What Happened at the New York Philharmonic? Sunday Review Choosing When and How to Die A story about a terminally ill Canadian man’s death by lethal injection, after he attended his own wake, evoked strong, and varying, reactions. Book Review Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: By the Book Fashion & Style ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Star Ready for His Big Day Sunday Review Springtime’s Not-So-Peaceable Kingdom Times Insider Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Design & Interiors A Lesson on Layering Prints Sunday Review Rocketing to the Sun and Its Flaming Secrets NASA is launching the first satellite aimed at our own star to uncover the mysteries of its atmosphere. Food The Makings of a Delicious Eton Mess Business Day Barbara Corcoran on the Power of Positivity Sunday Review What I Learned at Cowboy Camp Art & Design An Artist and Her ‘Beautiful Boy’ Sections World » After London Attack, Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ London Attacks: ‘It Was Utter Horror’ Trump’s Off-the-Cuff Tweets Strain Foreign Ties Business Day » Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Sinclair Broadcasting Said to Be in Talks With Ex-Sony TV Chief Steve Mosko Opinion » Opinion: How Interracial Love Is Saving America Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop U.S. » Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racist Laws in Oregon From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Technology » G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Arts » Ariana Grande Brings Message of Defiance to Concert for Manchester Victims Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Politics » Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Increased Costs White House Memo: 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Fashion & Style » The Fashion Outlaw Dapper Dan Encounters: Young Tony Nominee of ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Gets Ready for His Big Day At the ‘Summer White House,’ You Are Never Far From a Trump Photo Movies » ‘Wonder Woman’ Deflects Doubt to Win Battle at the Box Office Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ Is a Blockbuster That Lets Itself Have Fun The Woman Behind ‘Wonder Woman’ New York » New York Police Officer in Critical Condition After Being Dragged by Car Rebuking Congress, Cuomo Plans to Keep State Health Care Plans Intact Question in Battle Over ‘Diller Island’: Which Billionaire Blinks First? Sports » Celebrities Flock to Warriors. And We’re Talking About Practice. Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 | Warriors lead the series, 2-0: Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 India, Pakistan and Something Deeper Than Cricket Theater » ‘Pamplona’ Is Canceled After Stacy Keach Falls Ill Now ‘Spamilton’ Really Can’t Miss Its Shot to Tease ‘Hamilton’ ‘Building the Wall,’ Which Imagines Life After Trump, to Close Science » The Mummies’ Medical Secrets? They’re Perfectly Preserved Third Gravitational Wave Detection, From Black-Hole Merger 3 Billion Light Years Away Fruit Flies and Mice to Get New Home on Space Station, at Least Temporarily Obituaries » Jimmy Piersall, Whose Mental Illness Was Portrayed in ‘Fear Strikes Out,’ Dies at 87 Sara Ehrman, Outspoken Feminist With Deep Ties to Clintons, Dies at 98 Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Television » Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Review: ‘If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast’ Finds Vigor After 90 Health » The Empathetic Dog New Electrical Brain Stimulation Technique Shows Promise in Mice Trump Rule Could Deny Birth Control Coverage to Hundreds of Thousands of Women Travel » Where I Live: My Rome: Still a Classic Beauty Update: How a Shift in U.S. Policy Could Affect Travel to Cuba 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Canterbury, England Books » New Life for a 125-Year-Old Literary Journal Summer Reading: Summer Thrillers: Daring Escapes and Other Acts of Derring-Do Profile: Plot Twist! John Grisham’s New Thriller Is Positively Lawyerless Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Messages to Graduates: Stand Up, Fight Back, Speak Out Food » Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Thirst Quenchers Wine School: Thrilling and Joyless? The Polarity of Sweet Riesling Hungry City: For This Soup, Some Assembly Is Required (and Provided) Sunday Review » The Six-Day War at 50: The Past 50 Years of Israeli Occupation. And the Next. Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop Real Estate » The Fix: The Best Way to Cool Your Space Living In: Salisbury, Conn.: An Antidote for Cabin Fever 360 View: When Mom Picks Out Your Apartment for You The Upshot » Economic Trends: Economic Fallout of Climate Move? It Depends on How We Value Time Urban Studies: A Revitalized Pittsburgh Says the President Used a Rusty Metaphor Economic View: A Tax Cut Might Be Nice. But Remember the Deficit. Magazine » The New York Issue: New York Stories Still Processing: At the Movies, the Beach Is the Ultimate Freedom. And in Life? Notebook: The Enduring Appeal of Seeing Trump as Chess Master in Chief Automobiles » Wheels: Hyundai Faces Tough Times as Buyers Go Big Driven: Video Review: After 15-Year Break, Lincoln Continental Returns With Style Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » Meet the Musicians Who Modeled for Gucci Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Home and Work: In One Fabric Designer’s Home, a Lesson on Layering Prints Times Insider » The View From Behind the Velvet Rope Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The N.B.A. Finals and the LeBron James Effect Real Estate » Big Ticket Art Dealer’s Fifth Avenue Co-op Sells for $55 Million By VIVIAN MARINO The Colombian financier Carlos Alejandro Pérez Dávila buys Robert H. Ellsworth’s palatial third-floor apartment for $55 million.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Imperial Capital Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Becker Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Continues to Hold Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Position Lowered by Intrust Bank NA CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Director Sells $31,000.00 in Stock $0.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) This Quarter Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts UCB (UCBJF) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Viralytics Ltd Spon (VRACY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Swiss National Bank Acquires 69,700 Shares of Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Lowers Stake in Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Gabelli Funds LLC Invests $146,000 in FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Gabelli Funds LLC Maintains Stake in Constellium NV (CSTM) Acrospire Investment Management LLC Sells 1,640 Shares of Federated National Holding Co (FNHC) Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Position Boosted by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Intrust Bank NA Sells 863 Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Intrust Bank NA Sells 300 Shares of Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Shares Sold by Intrust Bank NA Entergy Co. (ETR) Stake Decreased by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Swiss National Bank Increases Position in Harris Co. (HRS) Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Becker Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position June 4th, 2017 - By Teresa Graham - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Becker Capital Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 606,606 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after selling 3,788 shares during the period. Apple makes up about 2.5% of Becker Capital Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Becker Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Apple were worth $70,257,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of AAPL. Independent Franchise Partners LLP boosted its stake in Apple by 1.7% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 7,627,854 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $862,328,000 after buying an additional 126,479 shares during the period. Argentus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Apple by 26.1% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 21,008 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $2,375,000 after buying an additional 4,352 shares during the last quarter. Hochman Cole Investment Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Apple by 4.1% in the third quarter. Hochman Cole Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 12,158 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,375,000 after buying an additional 483 shares during the last quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Apple by 0.5% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 8,847,389 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,000,197,000 after buying an additional 44,406 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL boosted its position in Apple by 0.5% in the third quarter. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL now owns 33,361 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $3,771,000 after buying an additional 166 shares during the last quarter. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get Apple Inc. alerts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) opened at 155.45 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $810.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $149.57 and its 200 day moving average is $132.53. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 33.20% and a net margin of 20.85%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Equities research analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.62%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is 27.31%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/04/apple-inc-aapl-stake-cut-by-becker-capital-management-inc-updated.html. A number of analysts recently commented on AAPL shares. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on Apple from $157.00 to $168.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Rosenblatt Securities set a $120.00 price target on Apple and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Vetr raised Apple from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $146.43 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $170.00 price target (up from $164.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Instinet reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $159.65. In other Apple news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 11,949 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $143.98, for a total value of $1,720,417.02. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 35,847 shares in the company, valued at $5,161,251.06. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 47,796 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $143.32, for a total value of $6,850,122.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 94,010 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $13,473,513.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     WWDC Application Now Showing More Information About The Event Posted: Jun 4 2017, 11:58am CDT | by Ahmed Humayun, in Rumors | Apple     Apple recently updated its companion application with more information on sessions to be held in the event, a live streaming section, and a few more. The sessions information holds information about many, but not all of the sessions. The release notes of the application say that the application’s live streaming section will be available on both, iOS, and Apple’s tvOS. Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock You can stream the videos of WWDC 2017 live, you can stream them later, or even download the videos of WWDC 2017 or previous events, they will be made available soon. You will also be able to browse through a detailed wiki of subevents and sessions to be held at the WWDC 2017. Users can also mark specific sessions as their favorite and can opt to receive exclusive information and updates about the subevent and its subject. A detailed indoor location map is also available for you, you can navigate through the San Jose McEnery Convention Center virtually. This updated version has some new features too. These features include playlists, viewing the venue and maps of the streets around. Most importantly, the new version of the application does not require you to sign in with a developer’s ID to use the application. Now, some note-worthy content of the updates about WWDC 2017, Apple has opted for creativity and playfulness rather than deploying a drop-down Men In Black attitude while delivering the information. For instances, the three sessions with their names unknown are marked as “To bee determined” with a bee as its icon, “We’re a bot to reveal the real name” with a robot emoji as the icon, and finally my personal favorite, “Nobody nose what to call this yet”, with a matching emoji as its icon. (make a wild guess, you must be correct) Another interesting activity is the session 1010, which will be held in a podcast studio. This session will have developers book a time slot, and then record a session of their own. The schedule for Session 1010 will be aired at 7am daily, that when the bookings for a slot will be available. WWDC 2017 will officially start on June 5. The opening keynote presentation is expected to reveal information about the new macOS and iOS versions, a new iPad, new MacBook Pro models, and one refreshed 15-inch MacBook Pro model. But of course, this is all speculations, until we hear the officials confirm it themselves. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Father’s Day Gifts That’ll Undoubtedly Impress 2 days ago, 6:55pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Dear Apple, please can I have something simple? Commentary: On the eve of WWDC, will Apple present something that will make our lives easier? Or does it expect us to learn ever more complicated technology? Mobile by Chris Matyszczyk June 4, 2017 11:00 AM PDT @ChrisMatyszczyk Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. See how simple that staging looks? I'd like that sort of simple. Stephen Lam / Getty Images We're lazy, but we're also a little tired. We don't want to make too much effort, largely because we don't have too much time. Here we are in a 24/7 heaven, where everyone seems to know where we are. Sadly, this includes our bosses. We're bombarded with notifications, messages, emojis and demands. It's not so much that we fear missing out. It's that we fear disappearing into the tangled tentacles of a technological nightmare. The promise of technology is that it's supposed to make everything easier. It's a lie, of course. The real aim of too many modern technologies is to suck you into them and keep you inside them as often and for as long as possible. Which leads me to Apple. On Monday, the company has its World Wide Developers Conference where, the hopeful say, it might even excite with new hardware. Some hardware. Any hardware. The best Apple hardware looks simple (and beautiful) when you look at it. It feels simple (and beautiful) when you open it. And it operates in a simple (and beautiful) way that's intuitive. Or, at least, it used to. As the New York Times reports, users have begun to reject the complications involved in understanding – or even finding – certain apps on their Apple gadgets. Apple has tried hard, for example, to push stickers. It's even resorted to suggesting you should assault strangers with them. I've not, however, seen them being universally adopted. It takes effort to find them. It takes even more effort to believe that these somehow enhance an already crowded life, where several screens simultaneously vie for our attention and the noise is silent but deafening. In Apple's case, it isn't just stickers. It's 3-D Touch and it's even the Apple watch, which has always looked infernally fiddly to me. None of these has enjoyed instant adoption. Indeed, the Times says that the fact that users aren't gravitating to an ever-greater variety of recondite apps discourages developers from creating new ones. I confess to being one of those who has postponed upgrading both my iPhone and my MacBook Air, as I see neither additional beauty nor simplicity in the latest versions. I see nothing that's going to make me breathe and enjoy, rather than do homework in order to make it function at all.  Worse, I don't see software that I immediately leap upon because, oh, yes, now that's something I desperately need to create a little air in my life.  Instead, I find myself trying to use fewer apps and fewer software elements to get through the day. Once, the main difference between Apple and all its competitors was that the latter focused on stuffing more and more features inside their gadgets, while Apple presented the sort of clean design and effortless use that you wish you had everywhere else in your life. This embraced both hardware and software. The competitors have caught up a little in simplicity. Meanwhile, recent Apple events seem to have focused on new ways in which you can use your gadgets, rather than new ways in which you can make your life a little easier. Apple used to be about delighting, not complicating. More Technically Incorrect President Trump rages on Twitter after London attack eBay mocks Amazon for being boring Rihanna vs. the Warriors fan -- oh, hi, Apple's Eddy Cue It may be that there's no way back. Our lives will become a constant battle between too much stimulus, too many demands, and too little peace and pause. It may be that we've already been sucked too far into a technological abyss in order to see the daylight beyond. We just have to deal with it. As physical computers begin to get smaller and even disappear – ultimately to reside inside our own heads – perhaps tech companies are preparing the way for fascinating and terribly clever pieces of software that will ultimately become second-nature to us, as they trigger our brains without the middleman of a gadget. For now, however, I'd just like to see Apple present something that I can look at, admire, instantly understand and instinctively use because it creates time and space. I'd prefer it to be hardware. I'd settle for software. It's been a while, you see. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Technically Incorrect Apple Mobile Computers More stories Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch and what to expect How to choose the best dating app for you How iOS 11 could change the iPhone How to watch the NBA Finals Close   Discuss: Dear Apple, please can I have something simple? Conversation powered by Livefyre Next Article: Hey Apple, can you top Google and Facebook at AR and AI? What's new to watch online for June Jenji Kohan brings Netflix the fifth season of "Orange is the New Black" and a new show focusing on the world of women's professional wrestling. by Iyaz Akhtar by Ariel Nunez 1:12 Google Chrome to block ads, and a new phone turns heads In this week's wrap-up, Google announces Chrome will protect users against the most annoying ads. Meanwhile, a new company called Essential unveils a phone with a barely there bezel. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:16 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WWD SEE YOU THERE Expect new Apple hardware at its WWDC developer conference Written by Mike Murphy June 04, 2017 What's next? (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy June 04, 2017 This year will mark the 10th anniversary of the release of the iPhone, which helped cement Apple’s position as one of the most profitable and successful technology companies of all time. In recent years, some have criticized the company, which routinely generates between $40 billion and $80 billion in revenue each quarter, of not being able to break out beyond the iPhone. Newer products, including the Apple Watch, have not yet seen the explosive sales that the iPhone has. But many expect 2017 to be a bumper year for new Apple products to cap off its successful decade. This week, from June 5-8, Apple will be hosting its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. It’s a yearly convocation for engineers and others who develop Apple products to hear about the company’s latest software updates. In the past, the company has also used the event to unveil new hardware—in 2010, then-CEO Steve Jobs announced the iPhone 4; in 2013, Apple showed off new computers, laptops, and routers; and the scuttlebutt has it that this year’s conference will unveil a slew of new products. The company has already refreshed its Mac Pro desktop and its diminutive iPhone SE, released a new 9.7-inch iPad this year, and likely has much more in the pipeline, even after WWDC. Analysts have referred to Apple’s product rollout plans this year as a “supercycle,” with a completely redesigned iPhone, and potentially even entirely new product lines being announced later in the year. (That being said, leaks supposedly from workers in Apple’s Chinese factories suggest that many of the company’s more ambitious projects may have been pushed back to next year or later.) I’ll be in attendance for CEO Tim Cook’s keynote address on Monday, June 5, at 10am US Pacific Time, liveblogging the event, and tweeting from @mcwm. Here’s a quick rundown of what might be discussed during his speech: A Siri speaker It’s long been reported that Apple is working on a Siri-powered competitor to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. The device, which is expected to be able to control internet-connected devices, play music, and answer basic questions, may well be unveiled at Apple’s developer conference, Bloomberg reported last week. As Bloomberg points out, Apple’s services (sales of music, apps, and other digital offerings) make up the company’s second-largest business segment. Releasing a device that’s focused on piping in music and other Apple subscription services into customers’ living rooms and kitchens could help Apple realize Tim Cook’s aspiration to have its services business be as large as a Fortune 100 company. Software, software, software Apple’s developer conference is, unsurprisingly, traditionally focused on its developer community, so it’s safe to assume we’ll see updates to its main operating systems announced at WWDC. This will likely include iOS 11, the latest operating system for iPhones and iPads; the next version of macOS; and perhaps updates to its watchOS and tvOS operating systems for the Apple Watch and TV. Not much has leaked about the new operating systems, except a possible update to Apple Music to better incorporate video content and improved support for Apple’s stylus for the iPad, the Apple Pencil. Expect the majority of Monday’s keynote to be focused on software. New computers Apple is expected to update the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro to Intel’s newer, more efficient Kaby Lake processors, although not much else is expected to change in these new laptops, which received aesthetic overhauls in 2015 and 2016, respectively. The French Apple news site Consomac recently reported (link in French) uncovered regulatory filings for five new Mac devices in Russia, which suggest new models could be dropping soon. There’s also a chance Apple may also revive its long-forgotten MacBook Air line at WWDC, which hasn’t seen a significant update since 2015, and an outside chance Apple could update its iMac desktop computer too. A new size iPad It’s rumored that Apple plans to announce a new iPad Pro that will sit between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch Pro models. The new iPad Pro, according to 9to5Mac, would be roughly the same size and shape as the current 9.7-inch model, but will feature far more screen real estate in the same space, thanks to slimmed-down bezels. It’s unclear whether Apple’s larger iPad Pro will see a refresh, or what the fate of Apple’s smaller iPad Minis will be, considering a chunk of their market seems to have been cannibalized by the larger iPhone Plus models Apple has been releasing since 2014. One more thing? There could well be a few surprises in store. There are reports that Apple has been working on augmented-reality glasses for a while, and Cook has expressed his interest in the field multiple times—perhaps this year’s developer conference will be when Apple drops a new device, possibly first offering it to developers as Microsoft did with its HoloLens augmented-reality system. Apple has also reportedly been working on new processors that could power artificial intelligence-related tasks on mobile devices. Cook has also said that AI will be one of the core technologies that “will be dominant in smartphones of the future,” so it’s possible we’ll start to see what this could mean for Apple beyond a sassy virtual assistant that still doesn’t do a great job of understanding you most of the time. Or perhaps, after all these years, Apple will finally unveil a refresh of its Mac Mini desktop, which has seen one small upgrade in the last five years. Most Popular Open-minded people have a different visual perception of reality Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Investors Should Say "No" to Fitness Trackers Not wearables in general, but that specific subset of single-purpose devices is, in this analyst's view, destined for rapid obsolescence. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jun 4, 2017 at 2:00PM In this segment from Market Foolery, Mac Greer trots out the theme of "Yes, No, Maybe So" for Motley Fool analysts David Kretzmann and Matt Argersinger. Each Fool tells us about a trend they feel bullish on, one they feel bearish on, and one that has them on the fence. Here, Kretzmann explains his bearish outlook for fitness trackers. And based on his reasoning, it's all the more tragic that Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) is making such a big push into the niche. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 24, 2017. Mac Greer: David, what are you saying no to? David Kretzmann: I'm saying no to fitness trackers. I'll just say that this isn't saying no to wearable devices as a whole. But fitness trackers themselves, something you put on your wrist to track your sleep, your heart rate, your running speed, your distance and all of the, I think that's a future and not a product. It reminds me of Garmin 10 or 15 years ago, where you have these dedicated GPS systems, but lo and behold, it gets integrated into virtually every phone and device out there, and you don't need a separate GPS system. I think fitness trackers are just something that, they won't necessarily go away. I think that feature will be integrated into smartwatches or glasses or whatever wearable devices we have. But, between 2009 and 2015, U.S. navigation system sales dropped from $15.5 million to $10 million. Garmin's share price over the last 10 years is down 10%. And I think, you'll see something similar play out with Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), which, for 2017, they're guiding for the revenue to drop, they're back to losing money and burning cash. Since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) entered the smartwatch market, it still surprises me that people give the Apple Watch so much grief, because ever since Apple entered the market in 2015, it's never dropped below 50% market share. Right now it has 63% share of that smartwatch market. Greer: But is that one of those stats where there were four watches sold and Apple sold two of them? Kretzmann: No, you have a good amount of competitors now. You have Samsung, Fitbit has come out with a few different smartwatches. But ever since Apple entered the market, they've dominated it. And I think that goes back to my previous point, where, when you buy an Apple Watch, it's fitting into an existing ecosystem. And I think that's similar to GPS, where it's a key feature, but people aren't going to buy a product just for that feature. Matt Argersinger: I love the point -- if you're an investor listening to this podcast, I think David just said some really smart things. Watch out for products and services that are merely features, that aren't part of an ecosystem, or a product that can do a lot of diverse and versatile things for you. There are a lot, you can look in business all the time, and see situations like that. Maybe there's a cyber security firm like FireEye, I'm throwing out just one that has underperformed lately, where maybe what they do is more features, it's not necessarily the one-stop solution for my cyber security. I'm just making one example here. But, those exist all the time. They key to investing is really finding those companies that are actually building the platforms and ecosystems that consumers are going to keep coming back to and that keep getting richer, whereas companies that just do one or two things really well tend to get gobbled up pretty fast. Greer: And Apple has deep pockets. They don't have near as much riding on the smartwatch as Fitbit or a pure-play has. Kretzmann: Yeah, Fitbit is really going back to the drawing board, and they're reinventing the company. They're saying, "We're a data company now, we're going to try to sell the data that our customers are tracking." To me, it's just not a very compelling vision for the company. I see them in a similar position to Garmin five or 10 years ago, where yeah, they did that one thing really well, and they were the leader in that market, but at some point, that feature will be in everything, it won't be differentiated anymore. Argersinger: Right. Imagine if Kevin Plank at Under Armour 20 years ago said, "You know what? I'm just going to make the sweat wicking undershirts, that's all we're going to do. Under Armour is going to be the best in that." Well, it wouldn't have been long before Nike, Adidas, or someone else did that or bought Under Armour. But, no, he said, "We're going to create a brand that does a lot of different things, that goes in a lot of different markets." And you can see where their success has been, doing that. David Kretzmann owns shares of FireEye, Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Mac Greer owns shares of Apple. Matthew Argersinger owns shares of Apple and Under Armour (C Shares). Matthew Argersinger has the following options: short July 2017 $17.5 puts on Under Armour (C Shares) and long January 2019 $45 calls on Nike. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Fitbit, Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool recommends FireEye. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jun 4, 2017 at 2:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Garmin NASDAQ:GRMN $52.95 up $0.21 (0.40%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $5.51 down $0.06 (-1.08%) Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Investors Should Say "No" to Fitness Trackers @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GRMN, $FIT
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,531 Reviews & Articles | 55,526 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Patriot Viper V570 Mouse and V370 RGB Headset Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones New iPhone 8 rumors leak from trusted source It sounds like the new iPhone 8 or iPhone 7 Plus won't likely be the revolutionary design that people have been reporting By: Lana Jelic | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 8 hours, 50 mins ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA A reported 'Foxconn Insider' has leaked extensive details about Apple's upcoming products on Reddit. This leaker was verified by Reddit Moderators and has a previous track record of providing verified and legitimate information ahead of Apple's product launches.     The leaker says that there will not be a Touch ID sensor in the back of the device and that the design resembles more of an iPhone 7 with thinner vertical bezels. The leaker even referenced images of existing leaks and said that the devices he had seen included more glass on the front. One interesting point was that he said the fingerprint scanner underneath the screen had been tested but had poor yields.   However, the leaker does state that these are all from earlier prototypes and things could have changed since then.   Read also: iPhone 8 rumored size vs other phones   He stated that there were many changes up until now and that the design has been in a state of change for a while. He was very clear, however, that the fingerprint sensor is not moving to the back.   While we do not get much from this report, it does sound like the new iPhone 8 or iPhone 7 Plus won't likely be the revolutionary design that people have been reporting.   Read also: Apple could launch the iPhone 8 and iPhone 7S this year   It sounds more like an upgrade or an evolution of the same design, which falls in line with Apple's product design cycles. We will keep you posted on any new rumors or updates to this specific source's statements. NEWS SOURCES:9to5mac.com >> NEXT STORY: AMD Radeon RX series cards are hard to buy right now << PREVIOUS STORY: Huawei to unveil the Honor 9 on June 12 Related Tags Apple Foxconn iPhone 8 iOS smartphone smartphones Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD Radeon RX series cards are hard to buy right now New iPhone 8 rumors leak from trusted source Huawei to unveil the Honor 9 on June 12 ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard GDDR6 arrives in early 2018, GDDR5X hits 16GbpsView More News Posts Forum Activity Z97 Extreme won't go past BIOS - dead mobo?? i have a very problem,help please ASRock C2550D41 Stuck Booting Up Amped Wireless Helios-EX AC2200 Range Extender Review z68x-ud3-b3 REVIVED? Backwards flashed, do I mod it?View More Forum Posts Press Releases LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i Award Next generation 3D NAND propels PCIe SSD adoption Tegila expands lifetime storage program, unveils controller-only refresh optionView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project Yoni Heisler BGR News June 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Over the weekend, a Reddit user with the handle Foxconninsider released a treasure trove of information regarding a number of new products Apple has in the pipeline. While most of the Reddit AMA seemed to focus on upcoming iPhones and an assortment of Mac hardware, there was also some interesting information divulged regarding Apple’s rumored smart glasses. The notion that Apple has been exploring smart glasses with augmented reality features is certainly nothing new. On the contrary, in recent months we’ve seen a handful of reports from exceedingly credible sources indicating that Apple’s smart glasses initiative is very much real. Not too long ago, for example, the Financial Times — which has a solid track record with respect to Apple rumors — published a report claiming that Apple was interested in taking its smart glasses project “from a science project towards a consumer product.” Don't Miss: People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly All the while, other reports have relayed that Apple’s AR team continues to grow and now includes hundreds of researchers and engineers with varying experience in relevant fields like head-mounted displays, optics and more. What’s more, it’s also been reported that many of Apple’s AR engineers previously worked on Facebook’s Oculus Rift and Microsoft’s HoloLens headset. Suffice it to say, Apple’s exploration into the field of smart glasses is very real. With that said, the purported Foxconn insider divulged an extensive amount of new information about the ultra-secretive project. With the AMA now closed, we went back and scoured every question and answer we could find about Apple’s mythical smart glasses. Of course, everything should be taken with a requisite grain of salt, but that’s simply par for the course in the world of Apple rumors. With the standard disclaimer out of the way, let’s get this thing rolling. According to Foxconninsider, Apple’s smart glasses — at least in its current incarnation — uses a prism to convey an image to the lens with a resolution of 428×240. As far as interacting with the device itself, Apple’s smart glasses are outfitted with a microphone for Siri control and an accelerometer that can presumably register commands when a user moves his or her head in a certain direction. Additionally, it features a “small capacitive strip” for accepting calls and adjusting the volume. Interestingly, the current Apple smart glasses reportedly do not include a camera due to design and battery life considerations. The product can house both polarized and prescription lenses and, if ever released, will be available in different sizes for both men and women. Some of the colored frames Foxconninsider claims to have seen include crystal, champagne, and black. Based on the bill of materials, the Foxconninsider believes Apple’s smart glasses might cost as much as $600. Rough bill of materials of Project Mirrorshades – Apple Iris Kopin NED Acetate frame Polarisized or prescription lens with Zeiss smart optics Bone induction modules Microphones (noise cancellation) Light sensor Accelerometer for step tracking and head movement app navigation Magnetometer for navigation Capacitive Pavel Ceramic battery Apple chipset Charging circuit BL5 Induction module The million dollar question, though, is whether or not the current prototype will ever become a viable and shipping product. To this point, our fearless leaker claims that there’s a 65% chance the entire smart glasses project might be scrapped altogether. When asked why we should even care about Apple smart glasses, the leaker said that it is a very unique design and that “if it can be done properly” it will “be like what the iPhone did 10 years ago.” When asked how she came up with the 65% figure, the leaker answered: “Yield rate and amount of other products they scrap in new areas. Apple experiments a lot, 65% of these products never reach consumers.” She later added that manufacturing a flexible battery is difficult at scale and that the device’s display prism also has some technical hurdles Apple has to contend with. Trending right now: Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Troubled News Anchor Does The Unthinkable On Air SportingzSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Bytes 12:00 AM, June 05, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 11:55 PM, June 04, 2017 Gadget roundup 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Ehsanur Raza Ronny As you read this Apple will be presenting a keynote highlighting upcoming developments. One could be about the iOS 11 which might offer a battery saving mode where most pixels would be turned off to preserve even more energy. This would be similar to the Apple Watch. That seems to be the right way to go especially if they go through with their OLED iPhone as rumoured.  Snapchat versus Instagram Snapchat hasn't really kicked off in Bangladesh except among the 18-24 crowd. Even then it remains mostly unexplored. Now that Instagram has introduced the stories feature, it seems even less likely to pick up. Up to 2016, Snapchat had around 158 million daily active users worldwide. Instagram Stories that basically is a cloned feature from Snapchat, now has more than 200 million users per day. Although if you look at it, it's mostly personal stories on Snapchat and celebrity/product stories on Instagram. Which means a huge portion of the 600 million user base is checking out or uploading on Instagram Stories. This hardly affects anything in Bangladesh as we often catch up two years later. But the rest of the world thrives on visual stories.  What is Snapchat's response? They are hoping to capture a part of the lost market with the aptly named Spectacles. It debuted in USA last year and hitting Europe just now. Spectacles is a camera-equipped sunglasses £129.99 / €149.99. Apparently, more than 55 million people use Snapchat daily in Europe for at least 30 minutes a day. Question remains: do we need another camera when there's a good one on the phone? And how comfortable will you feel talking to someone wearing them?  Wacom pens for different platforms Enough of phones. I'm a big fan of Wacom. They make the best digital drawing devices on this side of a pen. Wacom recently introduced two new styluses for their entry level Bamboo series. Bamboo Ink designed for Windows is mostly for writing and is equipped with three different hardness of nibs for well, three different tactile experiences: soft, medium and hard.  The more anticipated one is the Bamboo Sketch. This pressure sensitive stylus has a tip that can be changed for different types and is excellent for quick sketches. It's great for the long drawn out drawings too with a 15 hour charge capacity. Although most apps don't really provide support for the pressure sensitivity. When choosing apps you need to check on that otherwise it's just a normal input device. Both cost about $80 online.  Chinese warriors: ZTE & Oppo ZTE and Oppo both are massive in China and do relatively well in Bangladesh in the low to mid-range devices. Yet, both have superb flagships. ZTE Nubia Z17 has to be the most powerful device to come from China. A range topping Snapdragon 835 processor (also used by Xiaomi Mi6) is supported by a crazy 8GB of RAM. Dual cameras are now the norm but the battle is on pixel count once again. Rear cameras are 23MP and 12MP supported by a 16MP front camera. It is also the first device to support Qualcomm's Quick Charge 4+ allowing a phone to reach 50 percent juice in under 25 minutes. Available only in China it tops out at about $583 for the maxed out version.  Oppo isn't far behind as their next R11 leaks are flooding the internet. A Snapdragon 660 processor is supported by a 4GB RAM and the required 20MP dual camera setup. If that's not enough, it'll be followed by a bigger R11 Plus.  Pirates of Samsung Merchandising is the big money maker for marketers. But sometimes they are pointless. Case in point, which is literally a fancy case wrapped around a new Samsung S8 with Pirates of The Caribbean theme. Same phone albeit in a treasure chest and a fancy wallpaper package so that Disney can cash in on Johnny Depp's appeal. It's the 4GB of RAM with 64GB storage option going for $880. Or you could get the regular under $750 unlocked online. Just add your wallpapers. A more interesting update is the new Note8. It will come with a 6.3-inch display and an Exynos 8895 chipset possibly for our region. It is to have a dual camera setup with dual OIS and 3X optical zoom. Stay updated on the go with The Daily Star News App. Click here to download it for your device. The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Bytes Cyclone Mora kills 6 before weakening Cyclone Mora: 'Great Danger' Signal 10 at Ctg, Cox's Bazar ports Baby with suspected Progeria born in Dhaka It's planned Job Opportunity: Higher degree, lesser scope Many houses torched in Rangamati Locked up in Motherland Signal 7 at maritime ports as Cyclone Mora nears Which India is claiming to have been colonised? Cyclone Mora: Bad weather to linger today OPPO F3: Selfie Expert Top Ten Smartphones in Bangladesh Under 20K Android software creator unveils 'Essential' phone ‘Petrol and diesel cars will be obsolete by 2025’ Fastest internet speed: SKorea top in world Top 5 Uber alternatives in Bangladesh Samsung announces pre-order of Galaxy S8 and S8+ in Bangladesh Samsung Mobile offers cash discount and exciting prizes Lava & Micromax handsets co-branded by GP launched Huawei launches the GR5 2017 Premium Edition More from Bytes TECH BITS CRAFTING INTELLIGENCE Android software creator unveils 'Essential' phone Brain Station-23 and banking services apps Upcoming E-sports Titles In Bangladesh 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live In case you missed it Streets of Dhaka: My gang and I Mamata at it again Day labourer turns successful retailer Heat wave to continue for a few days Streets of Dhaka: 7 reasons why we love Saat Masjid Road Multimedia you may like Today's Gallery (2017.06.04) Today's Gallery (2017.06.03) Today's Gallery (2017.06.02) Today's Gallery (2017.06.01) Today's Gallery (2017.05.31) Cyclone Mora in photos facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: Shutterstock New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 4th, 2017 at 1:23 PM Share Tweet Over the weekend, a Reddit user with the handle Foxconninsider released a treasure trove of information regarding a number of new products Apple has in the pipeline. While most of the Reddit AMA seemed to focus on upcoming iPhones and an assortment of Mac hardware, there was also some interesting information divulged regarding Apple’s rumored smart glasses. The notion that Apple has been exploring smart glasses with augmented reality features is certainly nothing new. On the contrary, in recent months we’ve seen a handful of reports from exceedingly credible sources indicating that Apple’s smart glasses initiative is very much real. Not too long ago, for example, the Financial Times — which has a solid track record with respect to Apple rumors — published a report claiming that Apple was interested in taking its smart glasses project “from a science project towards a consumer product.” Don't Miss: People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly All the while, other reports have relayed that Apple’s AR team continues to grow and now includes hundreds of researchers and engineers with varying experience in relevant fields like head-mounted displays, optics and more. What’s more, it’s also been reported that many of Apple’s AR engineers previously worked on Facebook’s Oculus Rift and Microsoft’s HoloLens headset. Suffice it to say, Apple’s exploration into the field of smart glasses is very real. With that said, the purported Foxconn insider divulged an extensive amount of new information about the ultra-secretive project. With the AMA now closed, we went back and scoured every question and answer we could find about Apple’s mythical smart glasses. Of course, everything should be taken with a requisite grain of salt, but that’s simply par for the course in the world of Apple rumors. With the standard disclaimer out of the way, let’s get this thing rolling. According to Foxconninsider, Apple’s smart glasses — at least in its current incarnation — uses a prism to convey an image to the lens with a resolution of 428×240. As far as interacting with the device itself, Apple’s smart glasses are outfitted with a microphone for Siri control and an accelerometer that can presumably register commands when a user moves his or her head in a certain direction. Additionally, it features a “small capacitive strip” for accepting calls and adjusting the volume. Interestingly, the current Apple smart glasses reportedly do not include a camera due to design and battery life considerations. The product can house both polarized and prescription lenses and, if ever released, will be available in different sizes for both men and women. Some of the colored frames Foxconninsider claims to have seen include crystal, champagne, and black. Based on the bill of materials, the Foxconninsider believes Apple’s smart glasses might cost as much as $600. Rough bill of materials of Project Mirrorshades – Apple Iris Kopin NED Acetate frame Polarisized or prescription lens with Zeiss smart optics Bone induction modules Microphones (noise cancellation) Light sensor Accelerometer for step tracking and head movement app navigation Magnetometer for navigation Capacitive Pavel Ceramic battery Apple chipset Charging circuit BL5 Induction module The million dollar question, though, is whether or not the current prototype will ever become a viable and shipping product. To this point, our fearless leaker claims that there’s a 65% chance the entire smart glasses project might be scrapped altogether. When asked why we should even care about Apple smart glasses, the leaker said that it is a very unique design and that “if it can be done properly” it will “be like what the iPhone did 10 years ago.” When asked how she came up with the 65% figure, the leaker answered: “Yield rate and amount of other products they scrap in new areas. Apple experiments a lot, 65% of these products never reach consumers.” She later added that manufacturing a flexible battery is difficult at scale and that the device’s display prism also has some technical hurdles Apple has to contend with. Tags: Apple, Smart Glasses View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online By Jacob Siegal 5 hours ago Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Apple WWDC 2017: The Biggest Rumors About Apple’s Big Week David Z. Morris Jun 04, 2017 Apple’s annual World Wide Developers Conference, its largest and most closely watched annual event, begins Monday and runs through Friday in San Jose, Calif. Apple continues to be one of the most secretive large companies on the planet. That success in turn has sprouted a cottage industry of leak-hunting and prognostication that naturally goes into overdrive before a big event like WWDC. Below is a roundup of key expectations, educated guesses, and speculative Hail Marys for this year's conference. The biggest announcements will actually come in CEO Tim Cook’s opening keynote, scheduled for 10 a.m. Pacific on Monday. Siri Upgrades Apple’s pioneering voice assistant seems to be losing ground to Amazon’s popular and ubiquitous Alexa, but Apple won’t take such news lying down. It’s now rumored that Siri may spread to iMessage and iCloud. The voice service could also see more third-party app integration—a key part of Alexa's success—and improved predictive algorithms that could help it better compete with similar services from rivals like Google. Most dramatically, there has been sustained speculation that Apple’s first completely new hardware product in years will be a Siri speaker not unlike Amazon’s Alexa-enabled Echo. It remains unclear that such a product would be unveiled at WWDC, a software-centric event. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. iOS 11 In addition to Siri upgrades, rumors are swirling that the new version of Apple’s mobile interface could include new video features in support of an increased push behind Apple Music, its Spotify-like streaming music service. FaceTime, Apple's video chat service, may also see an upgrade to support up to five users per call. And there's hope for a battery- and eye-saving “dark mode,” for which users have been clamoring for years. MacOS and Apple TV Apple will have ample time to discuss changes large and small across its myriad platforms. Among a welter of rumors about its desktop and television platforms—macOS and Apple TV, respectively—are upgrades to file management and video support in macOS 10.13 and smart-home controls and better streaming channel integration in tvOS 11. MacBook and iPad Observers predict that Apple will announce new top-end MacBook Pro models that integrate Intel’s newest Kaby Lake processors, which boast performance improvements of up to 20% over current-generation chips. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo also predicts the arrival of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Augmented Reality Glasses Take this rumor with an extra grain of salt. Someone claiming to be a Foxconn insider—that is, someone who works at the Taiwanese partner that assembles Apple products—took to Reddit yesterday to dish on topics including Apple connected eyewear supposedly dubbed "Project Mirrorshades." Leaked documents have previously hinted at an augmented reality project at Apple. The sketchy Foxconn source said the project might never see the light of day, but one optimist spotted a possible "Easter egg" in the program for WWDC itself. "Sorry to be shady about this," said the name of one session on Tuesday, June 6. The title also included emoji for sunglasses and the phrase "to be announced." Did anybody else spot this?! #Apple #AR #SmartGlasses 😎😎😎 session during #WWDC #wwdc2017 #wwdc17 !!!! pic.twitter.com/LnCjvSgJYr- Kris Kolo VR AR (@kriskolodziej) June 3, 2017 All of that, of course, is just the tip of what will be a five-day iceberg for one of the largest technology companies in the world. Other significant announcements are likely to include a streamlining of iTunes and a new Apple Watch OS. If the rumor mill has you on the edge of your seat, you can tune in to Apple's livestream of the conference in just a few hours. And don't forget to return to fortune.com for coverage of the event. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — What to expect from Apple’s WWDC 2017 keynote on Monday We know many of the broad strokes, but the details will be a surprise. Andrew Cunningham - Jun 4, 2017 5:30 pm UTC Enlarge / The stage at WWDC 2016. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 68 Share this story Of the two-to-four product events that Apple holds in a typical year, WWDC is usually the most interesting. Every June, company executives get up in front of the public (and a live audience of loyal developers who paid $1600 a head to get in) and lay out Apple's vision for how all of its major platforms will evolve over the next year. Further ReadingLiveblog: Apple’s WWDC 2017 starts June 5 at 1PM ET/10AM PT Apple’s policy of offering all of its operating system updates for free to all supported hardware gives company’s WWDC announcements a much wider reach and bigger impact than any individual hardware launch, and its ability to offer those updates (particularly iOS updates) to everyone makes the WWDC announcements more important than, say, hearing about another Android update that most people won’t see for two years. As always, we'll run down the current state of rumors ahead of the show tomorrow, telling you what we know about what to expect. News about the software updates is unusually light on the ground, but (atypically for WWDC) it also looks like we’re in for some hardware refreshes and maybe even something entirely new. Let’s dive in. iOS 11 Amazingly enough, iOS has been around for a decade now; iOS is older now than Mac OS X was when the iPhone was originally announced. If rumors are to be believed, Apple is ringing in this anniversary by giving the operating system a new coat of paint. That rumor is sourced from Bloomberg, which says simply that the next version of iOS will have an “updated user interface.” That could mean another evolutionary step for the same basic iOS 7-era design Apple has been refining since 2013, or it could mean a radical overhaul for a still-predominantly flat, predominantly white UI that some Apple fans have never been entirely happy with. According to legend, the iOS 7 interface was designed from the ground up in the eight-or-so months between the ouster of Scott Forstall in October of 2012 and WWDC in June of 2013. Given an opportunity to again re-imagine the iOS UI without the self-imposed time constraint, it’s possible that Apple could come up with something less polarizing. We don’t know much else about what’s coming, but Reuters says that iOS 10’s SiriKit will be expanded to work with a wider variety of apps, a fairly safe assumption. Apple’s Jimmy Iovine has also said that the Music app will get a facelift that “better showcases video,” in line with Apple’s plans to create its own TV shows and movies; expect series like Carpool Karaoke and Planet of the Apps to be featured prominently. Finally, expect iOS 11 to ditch the last of the 32-bit iOS hardware: it’s probably the end of the line for the iPhone 5 and 5C and the fourth-generation iPad, and Apple has been warning that 64-bit iDevices could lose the ability to run older 32-bit software since the first iOS 10 betas were released last year. macOS, watchOS, and tvOS I’m lumping these three together because we’ve heard almost nothing from reliable sources about what each of these updates might contain. One fairly safe bet is a wider release for APFS, the new filesystem that Apple began beta testing at WWDC last year. If you’re using a 64-bit iDevice running iOS 10.3, you’re already using APFS, but Apple eventually intends to use it on everything from Macs to Apple Watches to Apple TVs. APFS exists as a developer beta in macOS Sierra, but it can’t be used for boot drives or Fusion Drives and it comes with a handful of other limitations mostly designed to discourage people from using it to store important data; expect that to change this year. We also don’t know much about how the system requirements for these new operating systems might change. It’s a safe bet that anyone with a fourth-generation Apple TV or a Series 1 or Series 2 Apple Watch can expect an update, though the first-generation Apple Watch could potentially be left out in the cold. Apple also changed macOS’ system requirements last year for the first time since 2012. The new version could continue in that vein, dropping support for the final handful of older 2009 and 2010 Macs that Sierra runs on, or it could treat Sierra’s updated system requirements as a new baseline that remains stable for the next few releases. We’ll have to wait and see. A “Siri Speaker” Enlarge / Apple could introduce its own Amazon Echo competitor at WWDC. Valentina Palladino Amazon did a pretty bad job when it tried to horn in on Apple’s territory with its Fire Phone, but now the roles are reversed: Amazon helped create and now leads the market for stationary voice-controlled household assistants, and Apple is left to play catch up. Further ReadingApple’s Siri-controlled smart speaker could be revealed at WWDC next week If rumors are to be believed, Apple will take the wraps off a Siri-powered smart speaker during WWDC. We don’t know how it will stack up to Amazon’s Echo or Google Home, but expect it to be an Apple-powered take on the same general idea. Like Amazon’s and Google’s products, expect a device that puts Apple’s products and services front-and-center but also gives third-party developers APIs they can use to integrate their own services. Apple’s trump card here may be how well its products usually work together—just as you can easily bounce pictures and links and Web pages between iDevices and Macs signed into the same Apple ID, expect this new Siri speaker to feature some clever integrations that make it more appealing than Amazon’s or Google’s products for people who already own iPhones and other Apple products. It will also probably be able to serve as a hub for HomeKit, Apple’s slowly improving ecosystem of smart home gadgets. The speaker, if it exists, reportedly won’t actually be released until later this year. It’s rare but not entirely unheard of for Apple to announce products months before it’s ready to ship them, but for a product like this, a WWDC reveal makes sense. Exposing APIs and frameworks directly to developers ahead of time could help the Siri speaker hit the ground running with a decent array of available third-party services, and Apple can use whatever Siri improvements it introduces in iOS and its other software as a springboard to introduce the speaker. Page: 1 2 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 68 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT National June 04, 2017 12:21 PM As Apple keeps piling on the features, its confused users have a message: ‘Stop it!’ By VINDU GOEL The New York Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN FRANCISCO As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other devices at its developer conference Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable issue: Many of its existing features are too complicated for many users to figure out. At last year’s conference, for example, Apple’s top software executive, Craig Federighi, demonstrated how users could order food, scribble doodles and send funny images known as stickers in chats on its Messages app. The idea was to make Messages, one of the most popular apps on the iPhone, into an all-purpose tool like China’s WeChat. But the process of finding and installing other apps in Messages is so tricky that most users have no idea they can even do it, developers and analysts say. DoorDash, a food-delivery app that Federighi displayed on stage as a model of the new feature, dropped its Messages app for group orders a few months after releasing it because it drew little interest. “While we didn’t end up moving forward with it, we’re excited about other ways we’re making delivery faster and more efficient,” Andy Fang, a founder of DoorDash and the company’s chief technology officer, said in a statement. A similar lack of enthusiasm among users and developers has limited adoption of the iPhone’s 3-D Touch feature, where a long, hard press on an app sometimes offers additional options such as viewing an email without opening it. And sales of the Apple Watch have been hampered by the steep learning curve it requires of users, who must master pushing, turning and tapping various parts of the watch and a related iPhone app. “There’s just so much stuff,” said David de Min, chief executive of Velapp, a startup based in London. “They are trying to cram things in.” Velapp has just released a video recording app that uses 3-D Touch to help users select the best parts of a video while recording it. But de Min said that few other developers were using the technology, in part because iPhone users were unaware of it. “It’s not something you can really see,” he said. “People don’t understand it.” Apple, which declined to comment for this article, makes many updates that are popular with users, from changes to the Siri voice assistant to automatically transcribed voicemail messages. At this year’s Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California, the company is expected to introduce improved Mac computers and iPads, software updates for all of its hardware and a voice-activated speaker to compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. With Apple adding fewer major features in recent years, customers have been slower to upgrade their devices. App developers are also pausing in what had been a race to embrace Apple’s latest innovations. Eliran Sapir, chief executive of Apptopia, an analytics firm, said that new apps were being introduced at half the rate they were a year ago. Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. “There is no way to monetize the watch whatsoever,” he said. The slow uptake of apps for Messages and 3-D Touch is evident in the numbers. There are 5,000 regular apps and 30,000 sticker apps for Messages, according to Randy Nelson, head of mobile insights at Sensor Tower, an app analytics firm. Only about 3,600 of the 2.5 million apps in the iOS app store promote their compatibility with 3-D Touch. “You get your new iPhone and you don’t know that 3-D Touch and apps in Messages even exist,” Nelson said. Although stickers account for 97 of the top 100 Messages apps, he said, some users are so confused that they post app reviews like, “I downloaded these Disney stickers. How do I use them?” That is not exactly in line with the simple “it just works” philosophy that Apple built its business on. Apple is not the only major technology company struggling to find the right balance between constant innovation and ease of use. Facebook has changed course several times in its approach to apps and bots within its Messenger app and regularly battles feature overload in its News Feed. Google, whose search box is a paragon of simplicity, famously retreated from an attempt to tie all of its services together with the unwieldy Google Plus social network. Ben Reubenstein, chief executive of Possible Mobile, which makes apps for companies like JetBlue Airways and Turner, said he would like to see Apple simplify and smooth out some of its current features. He said Messages apps have potential if Apple can figure out how to make it easier for people to find them. Reubenstein pointed to a feature of Google Photos as an example of the simplicity that people want. He said he backs up his iPhone photos to Google, which uses face recognition to tag people in the images. For Mother’s Day, Google made it so easy to create quick movies from those photos that he made three, for his mother, his mother-in-law and his wife. Chalen Duncan, a graduate student in emerging media at the University of Georgia, was so frustrated by the interface for stickers and apps in Messages that he redesigned it and posted his version online. “At its core, it’s a discoverability issue,” said Duncan, who worked part time on Apple’s telephone tech-support team during college and hopes to get a design job there in the future. “People just don’t know the stickers exist.” He said he had to teach his friends how to install and use Messages stickers by sending them multiple screenshots. “A lot of people will think it’s their fault, and it’s really the designer’s fault,” he said. “People want apps to be easy to use.” The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 3 months ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 3 months ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 3 months ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View More Video National Why a gay law professor is trying to shut down women-only 'Wonder Woman' screenings Calling all fathers: This Craigslist post in need of a ‘BBQ Dad’ is looking for you Better ingredients, better drugs: Papa John’s employees busted for selling cocaine, police say Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story He was trying to drown his twin babies, police say. Then a neighbor intervened. National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: ifanr Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 3rd, 2017 at 3:30 PM Share Tweet In absolutely fascinating thread, a Foxconn insider took to the Apple subreddit earlier today and dished out a treasure trove of information regarding upcoming product launches and refreshes. And while skeptics might reasonably point out that anyone can proclaim to be an ‘insider’, this particular user verified his identity with moderators after supplying requisite evidence and supporting documentation. The entire thread is enthralling and provides us with a rare sneak peek at Apple’s relatively secretive supply chain. The thread is currently live and will continue to be updated until tomorrow morning. In the meantime, we’ve pored over hundreds of comments to glean some of the more interesting information available. Don't Miss: AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers So without further ado, let’s dive right in. First up, we have Apple’s rumored smart glasses. Rumors regarding Apple’s interest in manufacturing a pair of smart glasses first surfaced late last year, with a purported launch date in the 2018-2019 time frame. According to our fearless leaker, Apple’s smart glasses may come in three colors — crystal, champagne and black — and will be available in varying sizes for both men and women. Based on the bill of materials, the Foxconn insider speculates that the product would probably cost somewhere in the $600 range, that is assuming that it actually gets released. Unfortunately, word is that Apple’s smart glasses initiative might be delayed, if not cancelled altogether. When asked about the likelihood Apple’s smart glasses might be cancelled, and why they are so unique, the leaker responded: 65%. Very unique design, if it can be done properly will be like what the iphone did 10 years ago. When asked a follow-up question about why Apple’s smart glasses would be revolutionary, the Foxconn leaker flatly stated it will deliver augmented reality to the masses. Up next, we have the iPhone 8, arguably the most anticipated iPhone model since Steve Jobs introduced the original 10 years ago. Not to fear, the Foxconn insider notes that all of the rumors and alleged leaks pointing to an iPhone 8 design with a fingerprint sensor on the back are nothing more than “misinformation.” That said, we can look forward to an iPhone 8 featuring Touch ID on the front of the device itself, albeit under the screen. 3GB of RAM, as previously rumored, was also confirmed. What’s more, the leaker adds that the iPhone 8 will come with support for Lightning as opposed to USB-C. Nonetheless, fast-charging will be an option. Aesthetically, the Foxconn leaker says the final design will look similar to this. The leaker later added that the final design will more or less look similar to the design featured in the middle below. Regarding the upcoming iPhone 7s, that device will reportedly not support wireless charging. Third, we have some Mac hardware to contend with. On the iMac front, it appears that Apple has some spec enhancements lined up for later this year with a “full hardware design” and smart keys feature being targeted for a 2018 release. As far as notebooks are concerned, Apple is prepping updates to the entirety of its notebook line, including the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Air, and the MacBook. Regarding Apple’s rumored Siri-based speaker, it will reportedly house an A9 processor and will be about the same size as Apple’s trashcan Mac Pro design. Seemingly corroborating previous reports, the Foxconn leaker believes that while Apple may introduce the product next week at WWDC, it won’t likely launch until later in the year. As to whether or not the device will include a screen, the leaker notes that Apple tested three different designs, one of which did not have a screen. In other words, we’ll probably have to wait until Monday to know for certain. Clearly, Apple has some interesting products in the pipeline and we’ll keep you updated once the Foxconn insider returns and answers more questions. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 2 days ago Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now By Mike Wehner 4 days ago How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 3 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
News Sports Business Real Estate 80° Full Menu 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT National June 04, 2017 12:21 PM As Apple keeps piling on the features, its confused users have a message: ‘Stop it!’ By VINDU GOEL The New York Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN FRANCISCO As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other devices at its developer conference Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable issue: Many of its existing features are too complicated for many users to figure out. At last year’s conference, for example, Apple’s top software executive, Craig Federighi, demonstrated how users could order food, scribble doodles and send funny images known as stickers in chats on its Messages app. The idea was to make Messages, one of the most popular apps on the iPhone, into an all-purpose tool like China’s WeChat. But the process of finding and installing other apps in Messages is so tricky that most users have no idea they can even do it, developers and analysts say. DoorDash, a food-delivery app that Federighi displayed on stage as a model of the new feature, dropped its Messages app for group orders a few months after releasing it because it drew little interest. “While we didn’t end up moving forward with it, we’re excited about other ways we’re making delivery faster and more efficient,” Andy Fang, a founder of DoorDash and the company’s chief technology officer, said in a statement. A similar lack of enthusiasm among users and developers has limited adoption of the iPhone’s 3-D Touch feature, where a long, hard press on an app sometimes offers additional options such as viewing an email without opening it. And sales of the Apple Watch have been hampered by the steep learning curve it requires of users, who must master pushing, turning and tapping various parts of the watch and a related iPhone app. “There’s just so much stuff,” said David de Min, chief executive of Velapp, a startup based in London. “They are trying to cram things in.” Velapp has just released a video recording app that uses 3-D Touch to help users select the best parts of a video while recording it. But de Min said that few other developers were using the technology, in part because iPhone users were unaware of it. “It’s not something you can really see,” he said. “People don’t understand it.” Apple, which declined to comment for this article, makes many updates that are popular with users, from changes to the Siri voice assistant to automatically transcribed voicemail messages. At this year’s Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California, the company is expected to introduce improved Mac computers and iPads, software updates for all of its hardware and a voice-activated speaker to compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. With Apple adding fewer major features in recent years, customers have been slower to upgrade their devices. App developers are also pausing in what had been a race to embrace Apple’s latest innovations. Eliran Sapir, chief executive of Apptopia, an analytics firm, said that new apps were being introduced at half the rate they were a year ago. Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. “There is no way to monetize the watch whatsoever,” he said. The slow uptake of apps for Messages and 3-D Touch is evident in the numbers. There are 5,000 regular apps and 30,000 sticker apps for Messages, according to Randy Nelson, head of mobile insights at Sensor Tower, an app analytics firm. Only about 3,600 of the 2.5 million apps in the iOS app store promote their compatibility with 3-D Touch. “You get your new iPhone and you don’t know that 3-D Touch and apps in Messages even exist,” Nelson said. Although stickers account for 97 of the top 100 Messages apps, he said, some users are so confused that they post app reviews like, “I downloaded these Disney stickers. How do I use them?” That is not exactly in line with the simple “it just works” philosophy that Apple built its business on. Apple is not the only major technology company struggling to find the right balance between constant innovation and ease of use. Facebook has changed course several times in its approach to apps and bots within its Messenger app and regularly battles feature overload in its News Feed. Google, whose search box is a paragon of simplicity, famously retreated from an attempt to tie all of its services together with the unwieldy Google Plus social network. Ben Reubenstein, chief executive of Possible Mobile, which makes apps for companies like JetBlue Airways and Turner, said he would like to see Apple simplify and smooth out some of its current features. He said Messages apps have potential if Apple can figure out how to make it easier for people to find them. Reubenstein pointed to a feature of Google Photos as an example of the simplicity that people want. He said he backs up his iPhone photos to Google, which uses face recognition to tag people in the images. For Mother’s Day, Google made it so easy to create quick movies from those photos that he made three, for his mother, his mother-in-law and his wife. Chalen Duncan, a graduate student in emerging media at the University of Georgia, was so frustrated by the interface for stickers and apps in Messages that he redesigned it and posted his version online. “At its core, it’s a discoverability issue,” said Duncan, who worked part time on Apple’s telephone tech-support team during college and hopes to get a design job there in the future. “People just don’t know the stickers exist.” He said he had to teach his friends how to install and use Messages stickers by sending them multiple screenshots. “A lot of people will think it’s their fault, and it’s really the designer’s fault,” he said. “People want apps to be easy to use.” The Messages app on Apple’s iPhone can be used to make dinner arrangements, among other things. As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other hardware at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable reality: Many existing features are already too complicated for many users to figure out. TONY CENICOLA NYT LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago New Pulse bodycam footage shows cops on false alarm hunt for hospital shooter 5:20 3 days ago New Pulse bodycam footage shows cops on false alarm hunt for hospital shooter 1:44 3 days ago New Pulse bodycam footage captures sound of Mateen shooting at officers 2:36 3 days ago A brief history of the sanctuary movement in the United States View More Video National Why a gay law professor is trying to shut down women-only 'Wonder Woman' screenings Calling all fathers: This Craigslist post in need of a ‘BBQ Dad’ is looking for you Better ingredients, better drugs: Papa John’s employees busted for selling cocaine, police say Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story He was trying to drown his twin babies, police say. Then a neighbor intervened. National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday June 5, 2017 Larger / SmallerNight Mode Own an iPhone? Change your password now Ben Grubb 29 May 2014, 7:49 a.m. Apple device owners who have iCloud accounts are being told to change their passwords iCloud users are being urged to change their passwords. Local Business Source: SMH Apple device owners who have iCloud accounts are being told to change their passwords by Australian authorities in the wake of a hijacking attack that appears to have spread to the US. The Australian government's Stay Smart Online service and the NSW Police have both issued warnings to Apple users, which state that as a precaution they should change their passwords. "With the possibility that this attack is linked to your 'Apple ID', affected users are advised to change your Apple ID password as soon as possible," Stay Smart Online wrote in an advisory. "Users not affected may also consider changing their Apple ID password as a precaution." "The best course of action is to change your Apple ID password ASAP," NSW Police said. Meanwhile, Apple issued a statement to Fairfax Media on Wednesday stating its iCloud service had not been compromised, but that impacted users should "change their Apple ID password as soon as possible and avoid using the same username and password for multiple services". Any users who needed additional help were advised to contact AppleCare or visit an Apple store. The attacks, which were initially only impacting device owners in Australia, involve a hacker logging in to Apple iCloud accounts and using the lost device feature to lock users out. A message then demands a ransom of between $US50 and $US100 for the device to be unlocked. If a passcode was set on the device - be it an iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Mac - the user could simply enter it, change their iCloud password and avoid having to deal with the ransom. But if no passcode was set, Apple device owners reported having to erase their entire phone or device. If a back-up existed, this could then be used to restore it to when it was last backed up. The issue appears to stem from the hacker making use of credentials from a previous data breach on an unknown company. Apple's statement alludes to this - by stating that customers should use different passwords across their online accounts -  but does not confirm it. As is often the case after a data breach, hackers sift through the data looking for information they can use to break into users' other online accounts. And because users often use the same password across multiple online accounts and don't change them, hackers can often get in. Up until the last few days, the majority of attacked devices were reported to be in Australia, but according to Apple’s support thread, a number of victims have began being attacked in the US. "I'm in the US. Never been to Australia. Hacked last night…," one user wrote. "Currently restoring to try and get back online," they added. Former Victoria Police superintendent Tony Warren was one of the higher-profile targets hit. Hetold Fairfax Radio he was startled in the middle of the night by the hackers infiltrating his iPad. "Basically the message was that I had been hacked by Oleg Pliss, was the name given, to contact him on a telephone number... and pay $50 to unlock my iPhone and iPad," Warren said. Sydney Apple user Susan Walker told Fairfax she lost everything on her iPhone. "As I did not have a password on my phone the phone was blocked [from being used]," she said. "I spent [Wednesday] at the Apple Genius bar having my phone reinstalled. All information (outside my iTunes backup) was lost. I now have a password installed on my iPhone! "It was awful!" She said the Castle Hill Apple store she went to "knew nothing" about the issue. "At no point did I consider paying this scum!" she added, referring to the hacker. Jayne Cho, an Australian living in South Korea, said her iPhone and iPad was also targeted. "I was woken at 2am with both my iPhone and iPad screaming an alarm and presenting the … message about the device being hacked by Oleg Pliss," she said. Peta Santoro in Perth was one of the luckier ones who had a passcode set on his device, meaning that he could ignore the hacker's message just by logging in with his passcode. "My iPhone was protected with a passcode so I was one of the people who were able to still unlock their phones," he said. "My password was one which I used across a number of different websites so I've learnt my lesson and will be allocating different passwords to everything." When contacted, Australia's three big telcos - Telstra, Vodafone and Optus - referred the matter to Apple. Telstra was the only one to acknowledge the issue in a statement to Fairfax. "We're aware of the reports and we’ve referred the matter to Apple," Telstra said. "In the meantime customers who need assistance can contact AppleCare." Local Business Latest News Cardiff golf driving range closes down War hero’s park trashed | PHOTOS Newcastle under fire | photos, video Trees come down for Supercars track | photos, video Social photos 2017 Editor's Picks Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Popular Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos WATCH LIVE: NHRU - Merewether VS Maitland Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. War hero’s park trashed | PHOTOS A newly named memorial park at Gillieston Heights was trashed in a senseless attack on the weekend. Why a granny flat is a good investment Want a backyard bonus? A granny flat might fit the bill. The day the ship hit the sand | video, pictures How the city winced as a floundering Pasha Bulker drifted along the coast before coming aground at Nobbys. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Business Listings Newspapers in Education Forms Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe How U.K. Is Taking on Tech Firms After Attacks: QuickTake Q&A by Giles Turner @turnergs More stories by Giles Turner June 4, 2017, 10:46 AM EDT June 4, 2017, 2:38 PM EDT Theresa May, U.K. prime minister, delivers a statement outside number 10 Downing Street following the terror attack in London, U.K., on June 4. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May launched another assault on social media networks after seven people were killed and 48 injured in a terrorist rampage in London on June 3. May said the U.K. will coordinate with other governments to force internet companies to stop providing “safe spaces” online for extremists to recruit and coordinate attacks. The U.K. already has strict surveillance laws, and is planning to push through even tougher rules on how social media platforms counter extremism online. 1. Is this just political posturing? The U.K. clearly means business. “Things need to change,” May said. “We cannot allow this ideology the safe space it needs to breed. Yet that is precisely what the internet –- and the big companies that provide internet-based services –- provide.” 2. What is the U.K. trying to do? The U.K. is already pushing through legislation to force social networks to open up their networks to domestic security forces. The government is currently strengthening recent legislation passed late last year, in order to force companies such as Facebook Inc. and its subsidiary WhatsApp Inc. to give authorities access to encrypted services upon request. Khalid Masood, who killed five people in London in March, used WhatsApp shortly before he began his rampage. 3. How exactly would this work? At present, messages on platforms such as WhatsApp use what is called "end-to-end" encryption. This means if I message you, the two of us are the only people who can read it; not even people at WhatsApp can see our discussion. The U.K. wants a “backdoor” that will -- after approval via a semi-independent judicial process -- allow its security forces to access old messages from suspects. What this essentially means is an end to end-to-end encryption. 4. Is the U.K. alone? No. Other countries are taking a crack at the big tech firms. Apple Inc. and the U.S. government engaged in a high-profile battle over data privacy and encryption following the 2015 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. Since the U.S. found a way to break into the locked iPhone, it could be argued that Apple successfully resisted being forced to change its technology for the benefit of surveillance. But if the U.K. somehow forces the tech giants to change the level of protection they offer messaging, you can bet every other government will follow suit. 5. Is terrorist communication the only target? No -- there’s a broader attempt to silence hate speech. Before the latest attacks, Parliament’s Home Affairs Committee said Facebook, Google Inc. and Twitter Inc. were “shamefully far” from effectively managing extremist and hate content. Now May is calling for a multinational effort to "regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorist planning.” The challenge will be turning all this into legislation. German lawmakers are backing 50 million-euro ($56 million) fines if social media firms fail to remove hate speech quickly. The U.K. committee has also proposed “meaningful fines” for those who fail to deal with hate speech. Facebook generated $27.64 billion in revenue for 2016. 6. What do the tech firms think about all this? Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up When the U.S. authorities were trying to force Apple to open up an iPhone, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said the FBI asked Apple to make the “software equivalent of cancer.” With more terrorist attacks comes more pressure on those companies to stand firm. Following the attack in Westminster in May, Facebook, Google, Microsoft Corp. and Twitter issued a joint statement saying they were “committed” to tackling extremism online, but made no mention of changing end-to-end encryption. One government official, speaking on condition of anonymity in late May, told Bloomberg that while some companies are keen to help with the U.K.’s demands, others have not been as willing. 7. What happens if the tech firms refuse to open up? Monetary fines are likely to go only so far with tech firms. Even if the U.K. enforces a law to give it the ability to access services on request, encrypted messages are not the same as old phone logs, for example. Tech firms could simply say it can’t be done, or be willing to go to court. The extreme government option is to ban some, or all, of their services, but given the ubiquitous nature of social networks -- and don’t forget their prevalence in political campaigning -- this seems unlikely. The Reference Shelf A QuickTake Q&A on the rise of lone-wolf terrorism. A QuickTake explainer on attempts to stop cyberbulling and cyberstalking. Fellow G-7 members endorsed May’s campaign, at least in principle. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 United Airlines Suspends Flights to Venezuela Starting July Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsApple’s Other Steve Says Apple Lost Its Mojo, Tesla Is Taking Over (TSLA) Apple’s Other Steve Says Apple Lost Its Mojo, Tesla Is Taking Over (TSLA) Steve Wozniak may have co-founded what has become one of the most innovative tech giants of our time. And although he doesn't think Apple is done, he believes Tesla will be the source of the next great innovation. June 4, 2017 WSP When talking about innovation, there’s no doubt that one of the first companies that comes to mind is tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). And it’s not that surprising considering that ever since it launched its very first product, the company has been leading the way in the technological revolution front. From the Apple II to the Mac, to the iPod, the iPhone and the iPad, Apple’s products have been and remain highly anticipated. It goes without saying that most of the time the iPhone maker knows how to amaze its customers. Although, there have also been a few products that were not as spectacular as people were led to believe. Nonetheless, Cupertino still has a great record when it comes to innovation. So with that in mind, you would expect that the very first to claim the company will continue with its ‘winning streak’ would be one of its own. Yet, that apparently isn’t so. In a recent interview, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak revealed something quite interesting. He told Bloomberg Canada, that the next ‘moonshot’ or great innovation will not come from Apple but from Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA). According to Wozniak, who is a Tesla owner and fan, the electric car maker has “put an awful lot of effort into very risky things,” which in turn have pushed the company forward. Woz did not arrive at this assessment lightly, of course. He explained that Tesla’s rise had a lot to do with the fact that the company started with a product that its founder and CEO, Elon Musk, liked very much. And that probably made all the difference. As he very eloquently put it, and obviously referring to Tesla’s Model S: “It was really built for Elon’s own life… what car would he like? And when things come from yourself, knowing what you want in life very much and being in control of it, not letting others get every little aspect in, that’s where you get the best products; and by best we often mean high performance but also very beautiful…they have to speak for themselves.” Wozniak, who previously has said that Tesla is the “biggest disrupter” in the marketplace, also added that the company’s initiative worked because ‘it fit one person’s ideal’ of a device that’s most ‘beautiful, elegant and simple to use’. Tesla is known for being an electric vehicle (EV) maker. But unlike other auto makers who simply incorporated the EV technology into their existing vehicles, Tesla did everything from scratch. In other words, Tesla’s cars were designed to be electric from the start. And this is the most differentiating factor that other car makers are having a hard time topping. There’s also the matter of Elon Musk being one of the most highly regarded visionaries of our time-with his outrageous ideas of boring tunnels, colonizing Mars, providing global Internet service, traffic-less transportation, the Hyperloop, merging the brain with AI, and many other ventures. It should be noted that Wozniak isn’t discounting Apple’s capabilities, not in the least. But being an innovator himself, and after everything that Apple has accomplished, maybe he’s just insightful enough to know that Cupertino just can’t match up with what Tesla is doing right now. But everything changes, right? So maybe time will come when Apple and its stock will be able to outdo every ticker and everyone else again. That may be wishful thinking at this point, but hey, one can always hope. In the meantime, you can watch Wozniak’s full Bberg Canada interview. AAPL TSLA Previous article Next article Related Articles News Notable Upgrades: Netflix (NFLX), Facebook (FB), DexCom (DXCM), Nike (NKE), Apple (AAPL) October 15, 2015 WSP Business Apple (AAPL) Stock: The Case for Up January 2, 2013 Eric Falkenstein News Notable Analyst Calls: CIEN, SHPG, TSLA, JASO, AMBA, AVGO, FIVE June 3, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Space Entrepreneur Believes That Aliens Are Real And Are Living Right Under Our Noses June 4, 2017 GPUs to Run 1000 Times Faster by 2025 – Huang June 4, 2017 Apple’s Other Steve Says Apple Lost Its Mojo, Tesla Is Taking Over (TSLA) June 4, 2017 Coffee Drinkers May Have One Less Type Of Cancer To Worry About June 3, 2017 CRISPR Found To Have A Dangerous Side-Effect: Unwanted Mutations June 3, 2017 Editor’s Picks Earth’s Carbon Dioxide Breaking Dangerous Records April 30, 2017 The Era Of Smartphones Is Ending April 4, 2017 Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Here Are The Expected Features For iOS 11 Denisse Moreno International Business Times June 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A new study from Newcastle University found that smartphone sensors can reveal sensitive information like PIN numbers, which apps and websites can access without user permission.More Apple is expected to release iOS 11 this fall alongside the iPhone 8; however, the company could give the world a preview of features that could be included in the update during the Worldwide Developers Conference next week. The update for iPhones and iPads could come with features for Siri and Apple Music. Read: Siri Speaker To Be Unveiled At WWDC, Apple Already Manufacturing Device Overseas — Report Here’s a roundup of expected iOS 11 features and other rumors: Siri For iOS 11, Apple is rumored to be revamping Siri with contextual learning abilities and deep integration with iMessage and iCloud, Israeli site the Verifier reported in March. The virtual assistant is expected to get an improved level of artificial intelligence. Siri reportedly will be able to follow through with voice commands, have the ability to learn a user’s habits and offer action options based on context of content, somewhat resembling Samsung’s voice assistant Bixby. Siri also will be more productive in iMessage by giving users restaurant recommendations and allowing people to make reservations or book an Uber within the app. For iCloud, Siri is expected to identify connections among multiple devices under an Apple ID account. iOS 11’s Siri boost will help Apple compete with other artificial intelligence technology, including Amazon’s Alexa and Google Assistant. It was reported this year that Apple has 1,000 engineers working on augmented reality in Israel. Another report also backed the claim that Apple would revamp Siri this year. Apple Music iOS 11 reportedly will come with an improved Music app to propel Apple’s original video content above other streaming services. The company has already been pushing original content on Apple Music. Apple recently released its exclusive documentary on former One Direction singer Harry Styles on Apple Music, and last week it released the trailer for the upcoming documentary about Bad Boy Records, the label founded by Sean Combs. The movie, called "Can't Stop, Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story," is set to be released June 25 on Apple Music. The company also announced its first show, “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” will release in August. Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Alleged Images Of Apple Smartphone Show Touch ID On Back Of Device, Matte Black Model Apple is expected to release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of this year, including will.i.am’s "Planet of the Apps" and documentaries about hip-hop label Cash Money Records and music impresario Clive Davis. The new Music app on iOS 11 reportedly will work to direct users to original content. FaceTime iOS 11 also will revamp FaceTime by allowing group calls, the Verifier said in January. The FaceTime boost will help Apple against competitors like Skype and Facebook Messenger. iOS 11 To Disrupt Apps? Although iOS 11 could bring new features that would improve iPhones and iPads, another report said the update might terminate support for 32-bit apps, which could make those apps and older games unable to run. You can watch WWDC’s keynote address on June 5 to see if Apple releases information on the upcoming update. Related Articles iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 Rumors, Features: Apple Is Already Manufacturing Its Rumored Siri Speaker Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 5 2017 - 12:00AM Save Print License article Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160 million sale of Ingeus Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter 67 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More He might have made it to the Prime Minister's office, twice, but there is no doubting where the real nous lies in Kevin Rudd's household – with his wife Therese Rein. The recent federal budget, with its latest attack on alleged dole bludgers, got CBD wondering about how her lucrative adventure in the welfare-to-work industry has fared following the sale of her business, Ingeus, to US-based Providence Service Corp.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Heineken House launch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More Essential Male Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 03:33 Are you taking your warm, safe bed for ... Are you taking your warm, safe bed for granted? With the Vinnies CEO Sleepout upon us once more, past participants reflect on why this is an event that all Australians should support to help tackle homelessness. For more information, go to CEOsleepout.org.au Up Next Heineken House launch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Heineken House launch Heineken House launch To celebrate the launch of it's first flagship venue, Heineken invited a handful of Australians on a special challenge to step out of their comfort zones. Up Next Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:07 Video duration 02:07 Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Kit Eaton looks at some of the best and most popular apps on the Apple Watch. Video: New York Times Up Next Why you should be pairing your food with whisky Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:42 Video duration 01:42 Why you should be pairing your food with ... Why you should be pairing your food with whisky Forget wine, a dram of whisky is what you should be pairing with dinner tonight. Up Next Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:18 Video duration 04:18 Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Fairfax editor Kate Cox takes a bite out of the Big Apple, and explores the lesser-known haunts of New York's bustling borough of Brooklyn. Up Next What makes bourbon such a special spirit? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 What makes bourbon such a special spirit? What makes bourbon such a special spirit? American whiskey has long been a favourite tipple of Australian drinkers. But what is it about bourbon that makes it so unique? Up Next Four Seasons launches round-the-world food tour with Rene Redzepi Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:31 Video duration 00:31 Four Seasons launches round-the-world ... Four Seasons launches round-the-world food tour with Rene Redzepi Noma's acclaimed chef Rene Redzepi has collaborated with the Four Seasons to create an uber-luxe, private jet tour of some of the best places to eat around the world. Video: Four Seasons Up Next Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of sartorialism Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:18 Video duration 01:18 Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of ... Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of sartorialism From colour to colourful characters, Australian style blogger Jared Acquaro captured some of the sights and sounds of the world's most famous menswear fair - Pitti Uomo. More videos Are you taking your warm, safe bed for granted? With the Vinnies CEO Sleepout upon us once more, past participants reflect on why this is an event that all Australians should support to help tackle homelessness. For more information, go to CEOsleepout.org.au For those who remember the headlines in 2014, Rein was expected to pocket up to $150 million from the deal, which was touted to be worth up to $222 million.  There were caveats, of course. It depended on the future earnings of the business under its new US owners, and the continued employment of the boss, Rein, and her managing director, Greg Ashmead, for another five years.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Therese Rein with former prime minister Kevin Rudd. Photo: Glen McCurtayne The latest annual report from the publicly listed Providence indicates that the duo got itchy feet and departed within 18 months.  The good news is the accounts show Providence paid $US92 million cash for the business up front – that is just under $100 million Aussie at the time for our duo.  Advertisement When Rein and Ashmead "had their employment agreements terminated by mutual consent" in October 2015, they also received $US21 million in accelerated payments and stock based compensation, plus Providence shares worth another $US21 million at the time. That equated to $59 million Australian at the time of their exit. That adds up to around $160 million in total, with the lion's share going to Rein. Roughly $60 million short of their target but not a bad return given their short tenure with the new owners.      SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link A rare moment in the spotlight for Therese Rein speaking at the Australian Labor Party 2013 federal election campaign launch. Photo: Harrison Saragossi Rein has kept a low profile since her departure from Ingeus. Her Twitter profile refers to a consultancy she founded with Ashmead, and she also chairs Jumbebe, which describes itself as a company "that helps build positive communities through research- and evidence-based products and programs that help people of all ages to flourish". Starry night        The beanies and sleeping bags are already being dusted off for the annual Vinnies CEO Sleepout this month and some big names have been rattling the tins to ensure their night in the rough serves a financial purpose.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link   Nine Entertainment boss, Hugh Marks, will miss his Thursday night Footie Show – the rugby league version not AFL, of course – but is putting on a good show all by himself. Last time CBD checked he was just a tad short of his $12,000 target.  Just ahead of him in the fund raising stakes was Commonwealth Bank's wealth boss, Annabel Spring, in what will be her first show at the event. "This is my first time sleeping out – a symbolic gesture to remind us all of the difficulties faced by the people experiencing homelessness and emphasise the need to support them," she says on her Vinnie's web page.  Spring is also closing in on her $20,000 target. And we can only assume the bank levy is keeping the Big Four banks and Macquarie Group rather busy. CBD could not find another representative from this group at the sleepout besides Spring.  In Melbourne, Federation Centres boss Angus McNaughton will be leading the hardy group warming the grounds of Melbourne University. It will give McNaughton a taste of life for the less fortunate – like the man he toppled as Federation Centre CEO back in 2015 Steven Sewell.  Sewell had just completed the acquisition of McNaughton's Novion Property Group when his board replaced him "effective immediately" with McNaughton.   Sewell only recently returned from the mean streets of corporate ignominy to land a plum London role with Macquarie Group.  And way over in Perth, Cash Converters boss Mark Reid obviously doesn't want to pressure his colleagues into pawning anything to fund his charitable cause. He has made good progress on his $5000 target, which hopefully received some help from his chairman – former Bank of Queensland boss Stuart Grimshaw.  Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate When profits eat wages we all pay the price Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling customers Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale When profits eat wages we all pay the price $50 to spend a night in a futuristic pod RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Toyota confirms its split with Tesla The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage London attack: What we know so far Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Scientists lead search for Tassie tiger in Cape York Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 4 2017 - 10:00PM Save Print License article Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160 million sale of Ingeus Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter 86 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More He might have made it to the Prime Minister's office, twice, but there is no doubting where the real nous lies in Kevin Rudd's household – with his wife Therese Rein. The recent federal budget, with its latest attack on alleged dole bludgers, got CBD wondering about how her lucrative adventure in the welfare-to-work industry has fared following the sale of her business, Ingeus, to US-based Providence Service Corp.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:07 More Essential Male Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 03:33 Are you taking your warm, safe bed for ... Are you taking your warm, safe bed for granted? With the Vinnies CEO Sleepout upon us once more, past participants reflect on why this is an event that all Australians should support to help tackle homelessness. For more information, go to CEOsleepout.org.au Up Next Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:07 Video duration 02:07 Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Best apps to have for the Apple Watch Kit Eaton looks at some of the best and most popular apps on the Apple Watch. Video: New York Times Up Next Why you should be pairing your food with whisky Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:42 Video duration 01:42 Why you should be pairing your food with ... Why you should be pairing your food with whisky Forget wine, a dram of whisky is what you should be pairing with dinner tonight. Up Next Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:18 Video duration 04:18 Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Living like a local in Brooklyn, New York Fairfax editor Kate Cox takes a bite out of the Big Apple, and explores the lesser-known haunts of New York's bustling borough of Brooklyn. Up Next What makes bourbon such a special spirit? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 What makes bourbon such a special spirit? What makes bourbon such a special spirit? American whiskey has long been a favourite tipple of Australian drinkers. But what is it about bourbon that makes it so unique? Up Next Four Seasons launches round-the-world food tour with Rene Redzepi Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:31 Video duration 00:31 Four Seasons launches round-the-world ... Four Seasons launches round-the-world food tour with Rene Redzepi Noma's acclaimed chef Rene Redzepi has collaborated with the Four Seasons to create an uber-luxe, private jet tour of some of the best places to eat around the world. Video: Four Seasons Up Next Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of sartorialism Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:18 Video duration 01:18 Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of ... Pitti Uomo 90 captures the essence of sartorialism From colour to colourful characters, Australian style blogger Jared Acquaro captured some of the sights and sounds of the world's most famous menswear fair - Pitti Uomo. More videos Are you taking your warm, safe bed for granted? With the Vinnies CEO Sleepout upon us once more, past participants reflect on why this is an event that all Australians should support to help tackle homelessness. For more information, go to CEOsleepout.org.au For those who remember the headlines in 2014, Rein was expected to pocket up to $150 million from the deal, which was touted to be worth up to $222 million.  There were caveats, of course. It depended on the future earnings of the business under its new US owners, and the continued employment of the boss, Rein, and her managing director, Greg Ashmead, for another five years.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Therese Rein with former prime minister Kevin Rudd. Photo: Glen McCurtayne The latest annual report from the publicly listed Providence indicates that the duo got itchy feet and departed within 18 months.  The good news is the accounts show Providence paid $US92 million cash for the business up front – that is just under $100 million Aussie at the time for our duo.  Advertisement When Rein and Ashmead "had their employment agreements terminated by mutual consent" in October 2015, they also received $US21 million in accelerated payments and stock based compensation, plus Providence shares worth another $US21 million at the time. That equated to $59 million Australian at the time of their exit. That adds up to around $160 million in total, with the lion's share going to Rein. Roughly $60 million short of their target but not a bad return given their short tenure with the new owners.      SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link A rare moment in the spotlight for Therese Rein speaking at the Australian Labor Party 2013 federal election campaign launch. Photo: Harrison Saragossi Rein has kept a low profile since her departure from Ingeus. Her Twitter profile refers to a consultancy she founded with Ashmead, and she also chairs Jumbebe, which describes itself as a company "that helps build positive communities through research- and evidence-based products and programs that help people of all ages to flourish". Starry night        The beanies and sleeping bags are already being dusted off for the annual Vinnies CEO Sleepout this month and some big names have been rattling the tins to ensure their night in the rough serves a financial purpose.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link   Nine Entertainment boss, Hugh Marks, will miss his Thursday night Footie Show – the rugby league version not AFL, of course – but is putting on a good show all by himself. Last time CBD checked he was just a tad short of his $12,000 target.  Just ahead of him in the fund raising stakes was Commonwealth Bank's wealth boss, Annabel Spring, in what will be her first show at the event. "This is my first time sleeping out – a symbolic gesture to remind us all of the difficulties faced by the people experiencing homelessness and emphasise the need to support them," she says on her Vinnie's web page.  Spring is also closing in on her $20,000 target. And we can only assume the bank levy is keeping the Big Four banks and Macquarie Group rather busy. CBD could not find another representative from this group at the sleepout besides Spring.  In Melbourne, Federation Centres boss Angus McNaughton will be leading the hardy group warming the grounds of Melbourne University. It will give McNaughton a taste of life for the less fortunate – like the man he toppled as Federation Centre CEO back in 2015 Steven Sewell.  Sewell had just completed the acquisition of McNaughton's Novion Property Group when his board replaced him "effective immediately" with McNaughton.   Sewell only recently returned from the mean streets of corporate ignominy to land a plum London role with Macquarie Group.  And way over in Perth, Cash Converters boss Mark Reid obviously doesn't want to pressure his colleagues into pawning anything to fund his charitable cause. He has made good progress on his $5000 target, which hopefully received some help from his chairman – former Bank of Queensland boss Stuart Grimshaw.  Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160 million sale of Ingeus. Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular When profits eat wages we all pay the price RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling customers Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business When profits eat wages we all pay the price Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale It's about to get harder to earn Frequent Flyer points Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage London attack: What we know so far Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Scientists lead search for Tassie tiger in Cape York Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Why Apple’s ‘Messages’ app won’t be coming to Android, now or ever Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 3rd, 2017 at 3:02 PM Share Tweet With WWDC right around the corner, we’re just a few days away from Apple announcing a slew of compelling software and hardware updates. On the software front, Apple has done a solid job of keeping leaks to a minimum. Indeed, the number of WWDC rumors we’ve seen floating around this year is astoundingly small, especially in contrast to previous WWDC events when seemingly every new major hardware and software announcement was leaked ahead of time. Interestingly enough, there’s one fascinating rumor that emerged last year only to have since fallen off the radar completely. This past October, John Gruber dropped an interesting nugget of information on our heads, claiming that he heard from sources in the know at Apple that “mockups of iMessage for Android have circulated within the company, with varying UI styles ranging from looking like the iOS Messages app to pure Material Design.” Apple may very well be contemplating what a world with iMessage on Android would look like, but then again, Apple contemplates all sorts of things that never see the light of today. Gruber’s track record notwithstanding, there’s little reason to believe that Apple will ever release iMessage for Android. If anything, any and all of the arguments in favor of such a move are fundamentally unpersuasive for a variety of reasons. Don't Miss: How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones Where’s the money? Apple doesn’t venture into other ecosystems unless there’s serious money to be made, or barring that, a strong underlying strategic objective. When Apple released iTunes for Windows, the objective was to persuade tens of millions of PC users to purchase an iPod, a strategy that worked out brilliantly. More recently, Apple released Apple Music for Android, a move that directly yields Apple cash in the form of subscription revenue. Additionally, it provides Apple with a way to more fairly compete with Spotify. iMessage on Android, however, isn’t exactly a money making proposition. Sure, there are sticker packs to be bought thanks to Apple’s dedicated iMessage App Store, but how is that going to work exactly on Android? Apple is going to have an App Store within iMessage within its Android app? It’s nonsensical. iMessage is now a platform of its own, with dedicated iOS developers spending more and more time focusing on it, and now people are expecting Apple to just drop it on the Google Play store? Additionally, there’s no clear-cut advantage to Apple from releasing iMessage on Android. Is the money Apple making or expects to make from the iMessage platform so great that it warrants releasing iMessage on Android? For a company that makes as much money as Apple does from hardware, I’d wager that the answer is no. No one cares about iMessage iMessage is great, no doubt, but the idea that iMessage is such an amazing piece of software that it alone prevents iOS users from migrating over to Android has always seemed like B.S to me. Gruber cites the following excerpt from Lauren Goode over at The Verge. As someone who vacillates between iOS and Android fairly often, but who considers a lightly cracked iPhone 6S her daily driver, I’m also considering whether the Pixel phone is the next phone to buy. All of the software I use now is available on Android: all of my top email, calendar, music, fitness, photography, task-based, work collaboration, and social networking apps are there. But one app is not, and that’s iMessage. Perhaps that may be the case for the tech elite who routinely vacillate between various premium smartphones, but it seems like a point that most smartphone users in the real world could care less about. Funny enough, the ultimate benefit of iMessage, in my opinion, is that it enables users to text from their Mac. And yet, this is rarely if ever brought up as a reason to stick with the iPhone, as if its core texting functionality itself is the be all end all. Imagine a scenario where Apple released iMessage to Android, who would download it? Why would Android users care? Is there a killer iMessage app Android users need to get their hands on? It’s pure foolishness. Especially now when popular sticker and emoji packs are available on multiple smartphone platforms, it’s virtually impossible for Apple’s iMessage to stand out and lure Android users in. Furthermore, even if we assume that iMessage is this amazing piece of software that keeps many iPhone users from straying to Android, why would Apple, in that case, make it easier for said users to switch? If iMessage works “as a glue” for the iPhone, why would Apple bother with an Android version and risk margin-friendly hardware sales? Going one step further, why would Android users who can now enjoy iMessage on their current smartphone jump over to the iPhone? My prediction is this: if Apple ever releases iMessage for Android, no one will care. Users on Android barely care about Apple Music, but we expect iMessage to get them excited? What about Apple Pay on iMessage? The only viable theory that could potentially explain Apple’s interest in rolling out iMessage for Android is peer to peer payments via Apple Pay. In the months leading up to WWDC 2016, it was widely believed that Apple was going to roll out an iMessage feature that would enable users to make payments to other iOS users via Apple Pay. The feature was obviously never announced, but it now appears that Apple may make such an announcement at WWDC next week. That said, could this perhaps explain Apple’s seeming interest in rolling out iMessage for Android? It’s an intriguing argument, but there are too many questions that need answering. Presumably, any payment service built into iMessage will rely on iOS’ exceedingly secure Touch ID feature. What happens on the Android side of the equation? How will Android users authenticate payments? Will Apple trust the security mechanisms built into Android handsets? Will Apple be willing to entertain such questions when the payoff is seemingly small and the competition is fierce? Remember, there are already cross-platform payment apps that allow Android and iOS users to send money to and fro. Rolling out such a service in iMessage is smart because there’s an installed base of hundreds of millions of iOS devices out there. Rolling out such a service and then banking on Android users to download iMessage and then enter in their financial information just doesn’t seem realistic. Apple is prone to unleashing some surprises at WWDC, but iMessage coming to Android likely won’t be one of them. Tags: Android, Apple View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers By Chris Mills 2 days ago NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online By Jacob Siegal 5 hours ago The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 11° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Life Health Cars Garden Style Food Property Diets Tech Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech iPhone 8 release date to blame for Nintendo Switch's BIGGEST problem, claims report iPhone 8 release date to blame for Nintendo Switch's BIGGEST problem, claims report NINTENDO is being forced to limit its sales targets for its hugely-popular Nintendo Switch games console due to a component shortage created by Apple, a new report by the Wall Street Journal has claimed. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 17:14, Sun, Jun 4, 2017 | UPDATED: 17:14, Sun, Jun 4, 2017 NINTENDO • APPLESmartphone manufacturer Apple might be behind the shortage affecting Nintendo Switch supplies Apple could be to blame for the ongoing Nintendo Switch stock shortage, a new report has sensationally claimed. As the Cupertino-based company readies itself for the launch of its next flagship smartphone – purportedly dubbed Apple iPhone 8 – Nintendo is being forced to limit its sales targets for its latest games console, Nintendo Switch. According to the Wall Street Journal, the Japanese company has limited itself to a sales target of 10 million units for the year, though it really wants to produce double that number. Nintendo purportedly told suppliers that it hopes to produce almost 20 million units of its hugely-successful Switch console in the year ending March 2018, people involved in the discussions were quoted as saying. However the company's official sales target for the year is 10 million, strong demand suggests it could sell more units – provided it can make them. The problem facing Nintendo is an industry-wide shortage for components used in smartphones, computer servers and other digital devices, the report in the Wall Street Journal claims. This shortage includes the NAND flash memory chips that store data, liquid-crystal displays, and the small included in the Switch’s hand-held controllers used to create the advanced HD Rumble feature. NINTENDOThe Nintendo Switch is halfway between a home games console and a handheld portable Manufacturer Toshiba has confirmed that demand for its NAND chips is "overwhelmingly greater" than its current supply, thanks to demand from Apple and other smartphone manufacturers. The Nintendo Switch is both a mobile and home game console in one. It is the seventh home games console developed and shipped by Nintendo, and follows the Wii U, which is widely considered a commercial flop. The Switch shipped more than 2.74 million units in its first month – smashing Nintendo's projected 2 million unit shipment – and making it the fastest-selling home console in the history of the company. Stock shortages have been rife in the weeks and months following the initial launch. Nintendo Switch Essential Games and Accessories REVEALED Sun, March 12, 2017 NINTENDO Switch fans will need to invest in these essential games and accessories to get the most out of the system, Play slideshow NINTENDO 1 of 7 Nintendo Switch Essential Games and Accessories REVEALED GameStop employee Eric Bright said that the Nintendo Switch was exceeding expectations, and that allocations were selling out in hours. Speaking to Forbes, he said: "It's exceeding our expectations. We knew it would be a high-demand product, but our Switch allocations are selling out not in days, but in hours...the demand is so high that consumers have to react quickly to be able to get their hands on them." GameStop believes this will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future, which will make it difficult to get hold of stock. "Right now we're not seeing sales going down at all, and I would expect that to continue for quite some time," he added. It's been a similar situation in the UK, where the Nintendo Switch – particularly the grey model used in the vast majority of the publicity campaign – has been hard to find. NINTENDONintendo Switch has exceed all sale expectations, with Nintendo struggling to keep up with demand Meanwhile, the iPhone 8 – which will be released later this year to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone – looks set to tick-off a number of long-standing Wish List features for Apple fans, including wireless charging, and an improved waterproof design. The next-generation iPhone will also include OIS, Optical Image Stabilisation, to both lens used in the rear dual-camera set-up. Apple will also purportedly include 3D sensing facial recognition functionality in a dual front-facing camera set-up, as well as better speakers.. Elsewhere, Apple iPhone 8 will reportedly include an all-new glass design closer to the iPhone 4 than the current generation. Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photos, prototypes, concept images, and renders Sun, January 1, 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button Play slideshow INSTAGRAM • APPLEDESIGNER 1 of 37 Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display It is also expected to ship with an OLED display with True Tone, a technology that Apple debuted with its 9.7inch iPad Pro. Apple is expected to debut the iPhone 8 alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, which will feature only a few minor upgrades, in September. According to JPMorgan, these iterative updates will have some slight aesthetic changes when compared to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The analyst note claims Apple will move from anodised aluminium so that it can include wireless charging capabilities. Related articles Google Chrome WARNING - Your browser could be covertly filming YOU Latest OnePlus 5 LEAK seemingly confirms THIS key new feature Amazon Echo gets a blockbuster new update, and it's about time Apple Apple iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch Latest videos Little Mix slammed for being ‘half-naked’ at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester concert Ariana Grande’s One Love concert: A star-studded line-up that spells out defiance FACES OF EVIL: Exclusive footage of killers CALMLY walking during London Bridge terror OUR HERO: Brave Sunday Express journalist Geoff Ho tried to STOP evil London attackers EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Moment terrorists CALMLY walk through Borough during murderous rampage Kodi DISASTER - Millions more blocked from illegal streams in latest crackdown Google Chrome is getting a MAJOR upgrade (but not anytime soon) Latest OnePlus 5 LEAK seemingly confirms THIS key new feature WhatsApp to start charging YOU from TODAY? Latest message sparks huge payment fear Samsung Galaxy S8 - Why THIS update might make you wish you had never bought one Amazon Echo gets a blockbuster new update - and it's about time Samsung Galaxy Note 8 - This Leak could reveal release date and a BIG disappointment Google Maps - Can YOU spot what has changed in this latest redesign? Ignore the iPhone 8 - Apple could launch THREE major new products TOMORROW French Open live stream - How to watch Roland Garros fourth round tennis 2017 LIVE online One Love Manchester LIVE stream – Watch Ariana Grande concert online TONIGHT Apple iPhone - 8 things that Apple MUST include in NEXT WEEK’S major update OnePlus 5 release date - Leak suggests Android phone will launch on THIS date coming soon Windows 10 blunder - If you receive this update from Microsoft DO NOT install it Champions League final FREE live stream - How to watch Juventus vs Real Madrid online French Open live stream - How to watch Roland Garros tennis 2017 LIVE online Lions rugby 2017 LIVE stream - How to watch New Zealand rugby tour online Epsom Derby LIVE stream – How to watch the Epsom Derby online Amazon Echo to meet its match? Apple could release MAJOR new product NEXT WEEK Microsoft will now PAY you to switch from Google to Bing - here's how the deal works SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Monday, 5th June 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Science Royal Weather Nature Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Sport Football Transfer news Cricket F1 Tennis Boxing UFC Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Life & Style Life Health Cars Garden Style Food Property Diets Tech Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Apple to Expand Siri to Work with More Apps to Rival Amazon - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Security Forces Kill 8 PKK Militants in Eastern Turkey Scores of Civilians Killed while Fleeing ISIS in Mosul Palestinians Launch Online Campaign to Mark 50th Anniversary of 1967 War Coup Displaces 700 Families in Yemen’s Taiz in May Egypt, Sudan Hold Talks to Defuse Tensions Denmark Halts Funding of Palestinian Groups after Israeli Pressure World World N. Korea Vows to Press ahead with Nuclear Program despite New UN Sanctions Britain’s May Speaks of ‘New Terrorism Trend’ after London Attack Kills 7 Noman Benotman: Manchester Attack is an International Terrorist Operation Temer Aide Arrested in Corruption Scandal as Election Court Seeks his Impeachment Detainee in 2016 Brussels Assault Charged with Links to 2015 Paris Attacks Six Killed in 3 ‘Terror’ Attacks in London Overnight Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia ‘Saudi Arabia Among Our Biggest Markets,’ Says Bentley Official Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman to Meet Putin in Moscow Visit Brazilian Minister of Agriculture: Ready to Provide Saudi Market Demand of Meat Anger from Qatar King Salman Relief Center to Feed 90,000 Syrian Refugees in Lebanon during Ramadan Somali President: Defeat of Terrorism Paves Way for Economic Revival | Opinion Opinion Why ‘Brexit’ Will Make Britain’s Mediocre Economy Worse Iran Heads towards Iraqi-Syrian Border Trump’s Right: Germany’s Trade Surplus is Too Big Qatar…Test for Trump’s Anti-Terror Plan Putin between the Tsar and The Commissar Foreign Intervention and the UK General Elections Features Features UK Elections Caught up Between May’s Wager on Landslide Win, Corbyn’s Rising Popularity C.I.A. Names the ‘Dark Prince’ to Run Iran Operations, Signaling a Tougher Stance 50 Years after 1967 War: Quarter of Israeli Casualties Died in Jerusalem Occupation Battle Israel Looked into Establishing Palestinian State in 1967, then Hindered it Did Al Jazeera Help Spread Qaeda Propaganda?! Qatar’s Sabotage Approach in Libya Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Real Madrid Crowned Kings of Europe after Historic Triumph Antonio Conte Took the Premier League by Storm – but can Chelsea Stay in Front? Dani Alves: I Made One Final Promise to the Barcelona Board – ‘You’ll Miss Me’ Wojciech Szczesny: ‘I am the Best I Have Ever Been. I Don’t Want to Stand Still’ Entertainment Producer Jamal El Adl: Sherihan Will Make a Comeback with Major Show Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Technology Apple to Expand Siri to Work with More Apps to Rival Amazon Asharq Al-Awsat English14 hours agoJune 4, 2017 102 The Apple logo. (Reuters) Why ‘Brexit’ Will Make Britain’s Mediocre Economy Worse - Security Forces Kill 8 PKK Militants in Eastern Turkey - N. Korea Vows to Press ahead with Nuclear Program despite New UN Sanctions - Scores of Civilians Killed while Fleeing ISIS in Mosul - Palestinians Launch Online Campaign to Mark 50th Anniversary of 1967 War - Apple to Expand Siri to Work with More Apps to Rival Amazon - Coup Displaces 700 Families in Yemen's Taiz in May - Saudi Arabia Plays Globalization in its Favor - Britain’s May Speaks of ‘New Terrorism Trend’ after London Attack Kills 7 - Egypt, Sudan Hold Talks to Defuse Tensions Apple’s Siri voice assistant role may be expanded to cover a larger variety of apps as the technology company seeks to fend off competition from Amazon’s Alexa service. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber “skill.” After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not – so far – one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Earlier this week, Apple said it was preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant — this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft’s digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Asharq Al-Awsat English Asharq Al-Awsat is the world’s premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Twitter - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related AmazonAppleSiri Previous ArticleCoup Displaces 700 Families in Yemen’s Taiz in MayNext ArticlePalestinians Launch Online Campaign to Mark 50th Anniversary of 1967 War What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 45353 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 33285 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 28771 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 27424 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 26922 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 281Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated June 4, 2017 2:07 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple WWDC 2017: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Chris Mills BGR News June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Andy Williams actually got it wrong. The most wonderful time of the year isn’t Christmas; it’s the two weeks around the end of May when Apple holds its annual developer conference. In one speech, we normally get a mix of new hardware and software updates, and Apple lays out the direction it’s going to take for the next 12 months. This year, we’re expecting a big one when WWDC 2017 starts on Monday at 1:00PM Eastern. In this post, we’ll roundup all of the most notable WWDC 2017 rumors so you know what to expect during Apple’s big WWDC keynote next week. Don't Miss: It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again New MacBooks Right now, the safest best for new hardware at WWDC 2017 is an update to the MacBook lineup. It might be a little odd, considering Apple just launched an all-new MacBook Pro back in November, but all the leaks, rumors and retail supply chain leaks have pointed towards some kind of new model. That’s the good news. The bad news is that we’re probably not going to see a new MacBook Air or a MacBook Pro with a few more ports. Instead, the smart money is on the current MacBook range getting a spec bump on the inside, most likely with Intel’s new Kaby Lake processor. Improvements have also been made to the graphics cards for portable machines, so you could also expect the MacBook Pro to get a graphics bump. Siri Speaker We’re also expecting to see a new Siri-powered home speaker to pop up looking a lot like the Amazon Echo. Smart speakers have emerged as the obvious portal for controlling the smart home, so Apple can’t let Amazon and Google run away with the prize. It’s challenging to innovate on the concept of “kitchen speaker with an AI and a microphone built in,” so Apple has two options here: launch a keep-up-with-the-Joneses product that demonstrates its commitment to the product and lays the groundwork for something revolutionary to come; or try the classic Apple move, and make a much more expensive version to capture the high end of the market. It’s unclear what a “high-end” home speaker would look like, but a focus on audio quality using Beats branding isn’t out of the question. New iMacs Just like the new MacBooks, it’s possible that we’ll see a spec bump for the iMac. Intel’s new processors sure would look good inside, and it would lessen some of the cries we’ve been hearing that Apple doesn’t produce ‘“pro” computers any more. New iPads Finally, there’s rumors going around that we’ll see a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC. It likely won’t be a “new” form-factor, as there’s already a 9.7-inch iPad Pro on the market (and it recently went on sale!) Instead, look for much thinner bezels enabling a bigger screen in the existing body. Software iOS 11 Apple uses WWDC to show off the newest version of iOS every year like clockwork, and there’s zero reason to imagine that this year will be different. Bloomberg rumors suggest that iOS 11 will see a design overhaul, not as severe as the iOS 7 update that scrapped skeuomorphic design, but still significant. One of the biggest new features could be the introduction of a “dark” mode across the entire OS, something that jailbreakers have been doing for years. It’s a quick and easy way to save a little battery life and appease some of the more hardcore fans. We’re also expecting updates to apps, including a possible peer-to-peer payment function in Apple Pay, and more videos in Apple Music to tie in with Apple’s first original series launching soon. One thing we haven’t heard much about are updates to Siri. Google’s recent developer conference focused heavily on the Google Assistant, and how it’s finding its way across the entire platform. If Apple is expecting the Siri Speaker to do anything well, Siri’s going to need some major updates, and fast. One of the big interface differences between the Assistant and Siri is the ability to have written conversations and type queries; it’s quite possible that Apple builds that functionality right into iOS 11. macOS Of course, we’re expecting to see a new version of macOS, but it’s unlikely to be anything big. We said above that Siri needs to be a focus of WWDC overall this year, so that’s one obvious thing for Apple to focus on for the Macs. Siri found its way to the desktop at WWDC last year, so some new features could be in order. “Hey Siri” functionality could be expanded, and third-party features don’t currently work for Siri on MacOS. Read More What we won’t see Some bad news: we almost definitely won’t see a new iPhone. Although the iPhone SE is technically due an update, the timing would be terrible. Apple is expected to announce three new phones of some kind this fall; the last thing it needs is a new cheap iPhone undercutting the “super-cycle” of people upgrading to the iPhone 8. A new Mac Pro is also probably off the table. Although the timing for a preview announcement makes sense, Apple execs previously hinted that a new Mac Pro would come by the end of the year. That also gives Apple time to integrate Intel’s newly-announced Core i9 chips, which are an obvious thing for Apple to stick inside its premiere video-editing machine. Trending right now: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones This hideous iPhone 8 design keeps popping up See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech Rebel Wilson Lost 105lb And Looks Gorgeous GreeningzSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Home Android Nokia Samsung News smartphones You are here: Home › Apple › WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? Apple, iOS, iPad, iPhone June 3, 2017 0 Aditya Mohanty Apple is back with its annual WWDC event to let developers and people around the world get a peek into what the company is building in the coming year. The event will kickstart on June 5 and last till June 9. Apple is holding the coveted developer’s event in San Jose this time after 15 years. Also, the teaser this time hints at pushing the society forward through new ideas and valuing diverse perspectives. The lined up events confirm the same idea as there’s a new Women@WWDC get together introduced. Just like every year, we can assume it to be a software focussed event with possibly one or two new product launches and upgrades to existing products. Along with it, there will be workshops, speaker sessions and demos for developers as usual. Let’s see what the WWDC holds for us in 2017. Software Apple refreshes its software lineup every year by pushing new changes to keep the interfaces delightful and relevant. In this year’s WWDC, we can definitely see new versions of all the Operating Systems Apple has under its family – iOS, MacOS, watchOS and tvOS. iOS usually gets an annual version update in WWDC and this year will be no exception. iOS 11 is rumoured to have a new updated interface. Apart from it, we can definitely expect many new features to arrive in this upcoming version. Apple may also update its native inbuilt apps. We saw major updates to iMessage and Photos last year which totally modified them to be better. We hope Apple does something better with Mail and Maps this year.    macOS 10.13 is set to launch in this WWDC as well. Expect Craig Federighi to announce some cool new features coming to the next version of macOS, whose name will supposedly begin with the letter M. We will likely be witnessing a decent upgrade to Siri, which hopefully makes it more intelligent and provides it the ability to do more things. Siri has now got some serious competition and Apple is well aware of it. Everyone from Google to Amazon is heavily investing in AI & Machine Learning. Apple is at a natural disadvantage with its privacy pledge to not collect & store much data about its users. Being in India, we of course see the difference between Google’s ability to understand our accent vs Siri. Hardware Siri Smart Speaker One of the biggest rumours doing the rounds from the past few months is of the Siri Smart Speaker – a home assistant, Apple’s sophisticated answer to Amazon Echo and Google Home. While it’s basically a rumour, it makes complete sense for Apple to venture into this space as it is well known to build products that become a part of its ecosystem. It also has the support of its witty, intelligent assistant Siri. It will be exciting to see how Apple overcomes the challenges faced by Echo and Home to create a super useful home assistant. If you are one of those who read Mossberg’s final column, you would know about the future we may well be heading towards. A Siri speaker would be the least Apple can do to take us towards the disappearing computer. Upgrades to existing products Apart from this new launch, a few other products will probably be upgraded. Macbooks: We might get to see upgrades to the existing lineup of Macbooks. The Air was last updated 2 years back and its outdated specs require a successor. Although the Pro version was recently upgraded, it would be great to have support for Intel’s newly launched processors code named Kaby Lake. iPad: As for the iPad, it was recently reported that Apple might be working on a 10.5 inch iPad which would have thinner bezels and a larger screen in the same size as that of the 9.7 inch iPad. The much needed upgrade to Mac Pro is due from a long time. Even though Apple has promised it, we might get to see it next year, maybe in WWDC 2018. We are certainly not expecting new iPhones, those are reserved for a special event later this year. Even the Apple Watch will likely be upgraded in the same event. This is all WWDC will be possibly about, but Apple never loses the ability to surprise and the coming week will unfold what it has for us in the future. More from my site YouTube Debuts New iOS App Days Before New iPhone Release Forgot your iPhone Restrictions Passcode? iPad Mini Rumored To Be Unveiled on October 17th iPhone 5’s Touchscreen Reportedly 2.5 Times Faster Than its Android Competitors iPhone 5S and 5C now Available for Pre-order from eBay India Apple Readying a New 128 GB iPad? Previous PostLG X-Venture, A Rugged Smartphone With Android Nougat Launched Author Aditya Mohanty View all posts by Aditya Mohanty → Want to stay up-to-date? Subscribe to OnlyGizmos by Email! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow us Get Our Posts via Email (No Spam!) Enter your email address below: (Once you subscribe, you would receive an email, do remember to click the confirmation link in that email) Check Out Our Recommendations! Recent Posts WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? LG X-Venture, A Rugged Smartphone With Android Nougat Launched Do You Need A Toughbook As Your Travel Companion? Here Are The Most Secure Android Phones As Per Google Vivo V5 Plus IPL Edition Launched In India Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 September 2009 August 2009 September 2007 CategoriesCategories Select Category Accessories Acer Amazon Kindle AMD Android Android App (Marketplace) Apple Apps Asus Automobiles BenQ BlackBerry Cameras Celkon CES Chromebook Concept / Educative Dell Entertainment eReaders & Tablets events Facebook Featured First look Fixes / Troubleshooting Free App Future WIP Gaming Gionee GizmoMeet Google Google Chrome green energy Hacks / Tutorials Hacks/Tutorials Hardware hp HTC Humour India Intel Internet Intex iOS iPad iPhone Karbonn Launch Launch Pad Lava Leaked / Spyshots Lenovo LG Local Market Watch Maxx MeeGo Micromax Microsoft Mods Motorola MWC netbook News News Nokia Notebook / Laptops OnePlus Opinion Oppo Palm Patent Battle picture PMP – Portable Media Podcast Pricing Printer Reviews Rumors Samsung Security Site Announcements Site Announcements Smart TV smartphones social media Software Software / Sync Sony sony ericsson Sports Tablet Tech Industry News TechFest Telecom Tips n Tricks Tips Tricks Toshiba Ultrabook USB gadgets Video Videos Vivo Wearables webOS Weird or not? Windows windows mobile Windows Phone Wireless Gadgets Wow Gadgets Xiaomi Xolo Yahoo Youtube Get In Touch! About Us Contact Us Copyright Kratee E-commerce And Consulting Ltd (2015)
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Public transport strike threatens school reopening in Philippines World China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Six killed as militants plough van into crowd on London Bridge, stab others United States might ban laptops on all international flights Asia Pacific China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Philippines authorities fear Abu Sayyaf role as 2 Japanese tourists go missing Philippines, Mexico discuss new ways to enhance trade Business Deutsche Bank: Deeper Asean integration is the key to achieve AEC 2025 Vision CapitaLand acquires Guozheng Center as it ditches Innov Tower in Shanghai NWC submits $60 wage hike proposal for low-wage workers SGX wants more tech startups to launch IPOs in Singapore SIA adds Stockholm as second Scandinavian destination Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Sports Novak Djokovic vs Albert Ramos-Vinolas, French Open 2017: Live streaming informa Rafael Nadal v Roberto Bautista Agut, French Open 2017 live streaming: How to wa Sai Praneeth vs Jonathan Christie, Thailand Open 2017 final live streaming: How India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017 live streaming: How to watch match onli Real Madrid vs Juventus, Champions League 2016/17 final live streaming: How to w Entertainment 13 Reasons Why Season 2 to be back in 2018: Here's what we know so far Circle: Gong Seung Yeon to be seen in different look for 2037 time period Fight My Way: Drama takes turn as Park Seo Joon confesses his feelings to Kim Ji That's so Raven's spin-off show: First trailer focuses on 'Raven's Home', her ch Produce 101: Concept challenge winners, rankings revealed Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 June 4, 2017 18:54 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Apple Just a couple of days to go before the Worldwide Developers Congress (WWDC) 2017, countless reports have surfaced, suggesting what to expect from Apple's much-awaited annual event in San Jose, California. In the software department, there is so much Apple is speculated to unveil at this year's event. Here is a breakdown of things Apple users can expect from iOS 11, macOS 10.13, and watchOS 4. iOS 11 While there is so little information about what is coming up for iOS 11, rumours are firm that Apple will spill some details about iPhone's next mobile operating system update. A major user interface makeover is expected to come along with it and this will be the first time Apple implements a system-wide design change since iOS 7. Some of the tweaks expected are intended to suit up Siri. After it acquired a couple of AI and machine learning start-ups, MacRumors suspects that Apple might be looking into expanding Siri's capabilities. These tweaks include the integration of additional types of third-party apps, support for group FaceTime conversations, and a revamped Music app which could correlate to Carpool Karaoke, Apple's first Music TV show. Meanwhile, more iOS 11 features might be revealed not later than September when the iPhone 8 goes out in public. And these features might consist of facial recognition, augmented reality, and 3D sensing. macOS 10.13 The design could be a major change waiting for the next version of macOS, too. Similar to iOS 11, there could be changes in macOS 10.13 to support Siri improvements on Apple's PCs. Additional cross-software changes between iOS and macOS might also be executed to support integrations between mobile and PC devices of Apple. While the official name of macOS 10.13 remains a mystery, speculations arise that the firm will move on with its traditional California landmark naming scheme. Monikers that ring a bell so far are Mammoth, Miramar, Mojave, and Monterey. watchOS 4 As for watchOS 4, information provided through rumours has been sparse for now aside from the suspected design changes that will be applied to iOS 11. WWDC 2017 kicks off Monday, 5 June and ends Friday, 9 June. Related Apple Siri speaker could be set for WWDC debut Nintendo Switch shortage caused by Apple? Apple's new iPhone ads blatantly mock Android Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online and amp; Pokemon Gos summer plans Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Follow Us: Chinese malware Fireball infects more than 250 million computers IPhone 8 latest image leak reveals Touch ID sensor on rear end and other specifications Need For Speed Payback reveal trailer (PS4, Xbox One, PC) Extinction confirmed for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC Google Chrome ad blocker to launch in 2018 Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 kicks off on Monday, June 5, in San Jose. The Cupertino-based technology giant traditionally announces software updates around iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS at its annual event, and this time hardware will also be on the cards By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 5, 2017 8:49 am Apple keynote will live stream at 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST) on June 5 Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 kicks off on Monday, June 5, in San Jose. The Cupertino-based technology giant traditionally announces software updates at this event every year, so this time around too, industry is expecting updates around iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. But apart from software, Apple is also expected to unveil a new Siri-powered speaker alongside major hardware refresh for MacBooks and iPads. Here’s what we know so far. MacBooks Apple will likely refresh last year’s MacBook at the Keynote. The new models are expected to come with Intel 7th generation ‘Kaby Lake’ processors. What remains to be seen is, if Apple also refreshes the 12-inch MacBook and older MacBook Air as well. Most reports say only the specifications will be updated in the new MacBooks. Siri-powered speaker Apple is reportedly set to launch an all new Siri-powered speaker at WWDC 2017. which instead of just being a connected home device will also focus on speaker quality with ‘virtual surround sound’. It could very well be Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Reports suggest that the Siri speaker has already entered production. iPads Recently, four iPad models were spotted on a French regulatory website. Most rumours pointed out that Apple is going add another screen size to its iPad line. A 10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to follow similar footprint as its 9.7-inch iPad, but with a new design and edge-to-edge display. Apple may also upgrade its 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro line-up at this event. iOS 11 Apple is most likely to preview next version of iOS at the Keynote on June 5. Considering this time it will be 10th anniversary of the iPhone, there are rumours that Apple’s iOS update could come with a complete design overhaul. Some rumours suggest more sleek design for Notifications and a ‘dark mode’. Additionally, an enhanced feature-set for Siri is being seen as a given. We could also see updates to Apple Music, Maps, Photos, iMessage and more. The tablet version of iOS is rumoured to get multi-user login and expanded support for the Apple Pencil. MacOS While MacBook updates are most anticipated, there is nothing much known about MacOS update. One of the big rumour around the block is fixing iTunes in MacOS 10.13. Apple may also be looking to bridge the gap between macOS and iOS. We might see more unified applications that could smoothly operate between the two OS. watchOS and tvOS The rumours are very thin about the changes in watchOS and tvOS. We’ll mostly see improvements for both operating systems. If some of the rumours are correct, then Apple is more focused on making a unified ecosystem, where it could fit in its Siri-powered speaker as well. So do expect a lot more from Siri in watchOS and tvOS. The 2017 Apple annual developer conference will begin June 5 and ends on June 9. The keynote will start at 10:00 am PDT, local time on June 5, which will be 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST). More Related News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email June 4, 2017 Waiting for Jobs: Can Apple Regain Its PC Edge? By Mike Konrad Starting this Monday, Apple Computer's World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) is slated to start in San Jose, Calif. The conference is held annually to discuss Apple's new technologies, and software creators are encouraged to interface with Apple Engineers in labs and workshops.  Ticket prices this year were $1,599 and since demand exceeds supply, a lottery had to be held to disburse the tickets. The conference is as much show as technology, and we probably can expect CEO Tim Cook to condemn Trump's pullout from the Paris Climate Agreement. But what has everybody on edge are the rumors that some of the Mac line of products will be updated. That's important because Apple has let its once-famous – and once-highly regarded – Mac line of computers to lay stagnant.  Neither the 27” nor the 21.5” iMac were upgraded in 2016. Worse yet, when the smaller 21.5” iMac was last upgraded in 2015, it did not come with the then -new Skylake processors, but was saddled with the older Broadwell CPUs and offered no graphics card option. Then to add insult to injury, it came with an insultingly slow 5400 RPM hard drive as standard. The “state of the art” smaller iMac could not be upgraded after purchase, and one had to buy the added RAM and faster storage at Apple's inflated mark up.  Still, even if max'd out at 16GB RAM,  with the older Broadwell i7 CPU (processor), and with no graphics card option, how could it be considered state of the art? Then there was Apple's revered Mac Mini, which had not only been the province of those who could not afford the iMac; but more than that, it had been the province of tinkerers.  One could easily add RAM and Storage to the Mac Mini.  The 2012 Mac Mini was a gem. It had the option of a quad-core processor, and was easily serviceable. The Internet was full of videos on how to turn the 2012 Mac Mini into a computing “beast,” with some minor upgrades. This became a cottage industry for geeks; and the Mac Mini fostered a subculture of techie Apple fanboys – rather amazing as Apple prides itself on catering to the technically clueless who just want a turnkey operation. Yet, the Mac Mini was lauded by tinkerers and techies all over the world. Then came 2014, and Apple no longer offered the quad-core option with the Mac Mini; while also soldering in the RAM, forcing one to pay a premium for the RAM on the original purchase. Added to that, Apple made it very difficult to change the SSD drives, by introducing a second cover plate on the bottom. The 2014 Mac Mini was not as powerful as the earlier 2012 Mac Mini. What was Apple thinking? Overnight, the older quad-core 2012 Mac Minis became more desirable and more expensive than the newer 2014 models.  Even now, the five year-old 2012 Mac Mini commands high prices, and purchasers often prefer the 2012 model over the anemic 2014 model. But that was 2014. In three years Apple has not updated the Mac Mini. The tinkers have moved from bypassing Apple's obstinacy to creating a flourishing underground community of Hackintoshes.  Hackintoshes are PCs modified by downloadable coding to run Apple's OS operating system, which is no mean trick, as Apple OS was only designed for Apple components. A flurry of coders now run websites where one can learn to install Apple OS Sierra on their PC.  Of course, the practice is in a legal gray area, as the Apple EULA (End User License Agreement) obliges users to only run the software on Apple products. But the Hackintosh results are astounding. Quinn Nelson, at Snazzy Labs, built a homemade Hackintosh for $682 (in 2016) that outperformed not only the 2014 Mac Mini, but also ran the 2012 quad-core Mac Mini into the ground.  And Snazzy Labs did not even use a high-end i7 CPU to do it; but only the rather modest i5. $682 Skylake Mac Mini Hackintosh Build  - Snazzy Labs $682 Hackintosh Mac Mini vs. $1,300 Apple Mac Mini  - Snazzy Labs Of course, some of Snazzy Labs's success could be chalked up to the fact that Snazzy Labs was using a Desktop CPU on their Hackinstosh, not a lower-powered mobile CPU standard on the Mac Mini. But what does one do with Intel's Skull Canyon NUC which blasts the Mac Mini out of the water with a mobile 6770HQ CPU. Quinn Nelson then humiliated Apple by building a remarkable Hackintosh for $70 with used parts. Is a $70 Hackintosh Any Good?  - Snazzy Labs Indeed, people are already making Hackintoshes of Intel NUCs.  There are websites such as TonyMacx86.com and Hackintosh.com where one can learn about these techniques. The techies have leaped onto Apple's lethargy, and are showing everyone how to build a better machine for less money, and still run Apple OS. And the quasi-legitimate practice has now achieved an air of respectability, After years of waiting for a decent upgrade to Apple's desktop computers, I've given up. I decided to build a PC; then make it work like a Mac. - Death to Apple's Mac Mini: I made a Hackintosh – CNET While this has been going on for years, Apple still has not updated the Mac Pro, its highest-end machine, since 2013.  It has let the Macbook Air die, though there are rumors that it may upgrade the Macbook Air at this WWDC – however that is iffy, and some rumors claim the upgrade will only be a processor; and will not include a better screen. [I]t wouldn’t be a huge surprise to see everything but the processor [on the MacBook Air to] stay the same.  - The Verge What is the point if the screen is not updated?! Apple has also started soldering RAM in its laptop products, which has infuriated many, forcing them to buy extra RAM upfront at inflated prices.  Apple's defense is that low-power RAM has to be soldered on; and without low-power RAM, Apple's legendary laptop battery life would be shorter.  There is a germ of truth to that; but what excuse did Apple have for soldering RAM on the smaller iMac or the Mac Mini which run on household electricity? Something is fishy! Only the large iMac remains upgradable in RAM. Apple has released a low-powered 12” MacBook line of laptops at horrific prices, which are underpowered with tablet processors, and are now being overshadowed by the likes of the formerly cheaper HP, which has now moved in with high end laptops, which the critics are praising. True, Apple did improve the MacBook Pro with a touch bar almost no one wanted – why not a touch screen – but with price increases that were abusive, and which made the product more expensive than the comparably equipped larger iMac desktop. Apple seems to have decided that its future is not so much in the hardware, but in the software: iTunes, and apps, etc. Apple regularly updates these, while ignoring much of its signature lines.  Apple also focuses more on iPhones and iPads than computers; but even as this MacRumors Buyer's Guide shows, as of now, almost all of Apple products are sorely in need of an update. As Apple seemingly retreats from the top tier, Microsoft and HP have moved in with high-end products, particularly Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 laptop  and Microsoft Surface Studio (which begins at $2,999, only only offers an i5 and 8GB RAM to start, which is criminal) and HP's Envy line of laptops.  Unfortunately, Microsoft is copying, and out-gouging, Apple's practice of obscene charges for extra options.  HP, thankfully, has not gone that route, and its charges for options seem more reasonable. Many are blaming Apple's lethargy on Tim Cook, as if he were the problem. Like Vladimir and Estragon waiting for Godot, the disgruntled are waiting for Steve Jobs to return and save Apple's vision. Well, Steve Jobs is not Christ, nor is he even Godot; and he is not returning. The market has changed. Jobs started the market for micro-portability with the iPod, the iPhone, and the iPad.  Apple rode that crest while Jobs was alive. After Jobs died in 2011, the computer (the Mac) end of business started to decline.  Apple's revenue from iMacs have slightly declined. Its revenue from iPads have greatly declined.  Services and the iPhone make up the bulk of Apple's income.  This decline that we see is the result of Jobs's vision, not a contradiction. It was the inevitable result of market forces that Jobs put into play. Tim Cook has promised updates to the Mac line, but Apple's credibility in that area is now weak.  Many people are expecting a lot from the conference.  Whatever occurs, I am sure many will be disappointed. I would love to see a new Mac Mini.  Or maybe a refresh of the Macbook Air, with a better screen. I would love to see reasonable prices on all of this.  Apple is not selling state of the art any more, just above-average quality. I am not holding my breath.  Apple's inertia is not so much due to bad management as a shift in the industry.  Meanwhile, the Hackintosh-ers have taken over. Among techies, building a Hackintosh has moved from a curiosity to a requirement. This will not change. The techies are not only upstaging Apple; but also Intel, as they show what can be done with the new and cheaper Ryzen CPUs. Steve Jobs will not be at the WWDC this week, not in spirit, not in any way. Apple is changing because the market is changing. The real contest this year will be between AMD and Intel. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com.  He also started a small website about small computers at http://minireplacements.com   Starting this Monday, Apple Computer's World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) is slated to start in San Jose, Calif. The conference is held annually to discuss Apple's new technologies, and software creators are encouraged to interface with Apple Engineers in labs and workshops.  Ticket prices this year were $1,599 and since demand exceeds supply, a lottery had to be held to disburse the tickets. The conference is as much show as technology, and we probably can expect CEO Tim Cook to condemn Trump's pullout from the Paris Climate Agreement. But what has everybody on edge are the rumors that some of the Mac line of products will be updated. That's important because Apple has let its once-famous – and once-highly regarded – Mac line of computers to lay stagnant.  Neither the 27” nor the 21.5” iMac were upgraded in 2016. Worse yet, when the smaller 21.5” iMac was last upgraded in 2015, it did not come with the then -new Skylake processors, but was saddled with the older Broadwell CPUs and offered no graphics card option. Then to add insult to injury, it came with an insultingly slow 5400 RPM hard drive as standard. The “state of the art” smaller iMac could not be upgraded after purchase, and one had to buy the added RAM and faster storage at Apple's inflated mark up.  Still, even if max'd out at 16GB RAM,  with the older Broadwell i7 CPU (processor), and with no graphics card option, how could it be considered state of the art? Then there was Apple's revered Mac Mini, which had not only been the province of those who could not afford the iMac; but more than that, it had been the province of tinkerers.  One could easily add RAM and Storage to the Mac Mini.  The 2012 Mac Mini was a gem. It had the option of a quad-core processor, and was easily serviceable. The Internet was full of videos on how to turn the 2012 Mac Mini into a computing “beast,” with some minor upgrades. This became a cottage industry for geeks; and the Mac Mini fostered a subculture of techie Apple fanboys – rather amazing as Apple prides itself on catering to the technically clueless who just want a turnkey operation. Yet, the Mac Mini was lauded by tinkerers and techies all over the world. Then came 2014, and Apple no longer offered the quad-core option with the Mac Mini; while also soldering in the RAM, forcing one to pay a premium for the RAM on the original purchase. Added to that, Apple made it very difficult to change the SSD drives, by introducing a second cover plate on the bottom. The 2014 Mac Mini was not as powerful as the earlier 2012 Mac Mini. What was Apple thinking? Overnight, the older quad-core 2012 Mac Minis became more desirable and more expensive than the newer 2014 models.  Even now, the five year-old 2012 Mac Mini commands high prices, and purchasers often prefer the 2012 model over the anemic 2014 model. But that was 2014. In three years Apple has not updated the Mac Mini. The tinkers have moved from bypassing Apple's obstinacy to creating a flourishing underground community of Hackintoshes.  Hackintoshes are PCs modified by downloadable coding to run Apple's OS operating system, which is no mean trick, as Apple OS was only designed for Apple components. A flurry of coders now run websites where one can learn to install Apple OS Sierra on their PC.  Of course, the practice is in a legal gray area, as the Apple EULA (End User License Agreement) obliges users to only run the software on Apple products. But the Hackintosh results are astounding. Quinn Nelson, at Snazzy Labs, built a homemade Hackintosh for $682 (in 2016) that outperformed not only the 2014 Mac Mini, but also ran the 2012 quad-core Mac Mini into the ground.  And Snazzy Labs did not even use a high-end i7 CPU to do it; but only the rather modest i5. $682 Skylake Mac Mini Hackintosh Build  - Snazzy Labs $682 Hackintosh Mac Mini vs. $1,300 Apple Mac Mini  - Snazzy Labs Of course, some of Snazzy Labs's success could be chalked up to the fact that Snazzy Labs was using a Desktop CPU on their Hackinstosh, not a lower-powered mobile CPU standard on the Mac Mini. But what does one do with Intel's Skull Canyon NUC which blasts the Mac Mini out of the water with a mobile 6770HQ CPU. Quinn Nelson then humiliated Apple by building a remarkable Hackintosh for $70 with used parts. Is a $70 Hackintosh Any Good?  - Snazzy Labs Indeed, people are already making Hackintoshes of Intel NUCs.  There are websites such as TonyMacx86.com and Hackintosh.com where one can learn about these techniques. The techies have leaped onto Apple's lethargy, and are showing everyone how to build a better machine for less money, and still run Apple OS. And the quasi-legitimate practice has now achieved an air of respectability, After years of waiting for a decent upgrade to Apple's desktop computers, I've given up. I decided to build a PC; then make it work like a Mac. - Death to Apple's Mac Mini: I made a Hackintosh – CNET While this has been going on for years, Apple still has not updated the Mac Pro, its highest-end machine, since 2013.  It has let the Macbook Air die, though there are rumors that it may upgrade the Macbook Air at this WWDC – however that is iffy, and some rumors claim the upgrade will only be a processor; and will not include a better screen. [I]t wouldn’t be a huge surprise to see everything but the processor [on the MacBook Air to] stay the same.  - The Verge What is the point if the screen is not updated?! Apple has also started soldering RAM in its laptop products, which has infuriated many, forcing them to buy extra RAM upfront at inflated prices.  Apple's defense is that low-power RAM has to be soldered on; and without low-power RAM, Apple's legendary laptop battery life would be shorter.  There is a germ of truth to that; but what excuse did Apple have for soldering RAM on the smaller iMac or the Mac Mini which run on household electricity? Something is fishy! Only the large iMac remains upgradable in RAM. Apple has released a low-powered 12” MacBook line of laptops at horrific prices, which are underpowered with tablet processors, and are now being overshadowed by the likes of the formerly cheaper HP, which has now moved in with high end laptops, which the critics are praising. True, Apple did improve the MacBook Pro with a touch bar almost no one wanted – why not a touch screen – but with price increases that were abusive, and which made the product more expensive than the comparably equipped larger iMac desktop. Apple seems to have decided that its future is not so much in the hardware, but in the software: iTunes, and apps, etc. Apple regularly updates these, while ignoring much of its signature lines.  Apple also focuses more on iPhones and iPads than computers; but even as this MacRumors Buyer's Guide shows, as of now, almost all of Apple products are sorely in need of an update. As Apple seemingly retreats from the top tier, Microsoft and HP have moved in with high-end products, particularly Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 laptop  and Microsoft Surface Studio (which begins at $2,999, only only offers an i5 and 8GB RAM to start, which is criminal) and HP's Envy line of laptops.  Unfortunately, Microsoft is copying, and out-gouging, Apple's practice of obscene charges for extra options.  HP, thankfully, has not gone that route, and its charges for options seem more reasonable. Many are blaming Apple's lethargy on Tim Cook, as if he were the problem. Like Vladimir and Estragon waiting for Godot, the disgruntled are waiting for Steve Jobs to return and save Apple's vision. Well, Steve Jobs is not Christ, nor is he even Godot; and he is not returning. The market has changed. Jobs started the market for micro-portability with the iPod, the iPhone, and the iPad.  Apple rode that crest while Jobs was alive. After Jobs died in 2011, the computer (the Mac) end of business started to decline.  Apple's revenue from iMacs have slightly declined. Its revenue from iPads have greatly declined.  Services and the iPhone make up the bulk of Apple's income.  This decline that we see is the result of Jobs's vision, not a contradiction. It was the inevitable result of market forces that Jobs put into play. Tim Cook has promised updates to the Mac line, but Apple's credibility in that area is now weak.  Many people are expecting a lot from the conference.  Whatever occurs, I am sure many will be disappointed. I would love to see a new Mac Mini.  Or maybe a refresh of the Macbook Air, with a better screen. I would love to see reasonable prices on all of this.  Apple is not selling state of the art any more, just above-average quality. I am not holding my breath.  Apple's inertia is not so much due to bad management as a shift in the industry.  Meanwhile, the Hackintosh-ers have taken over. Among techies, building a Hackintosh has moved from a curiosity to a requirement. This will not change. The techies are not only upstaging Apple; but also Intel, as they show what can be done with the new and cheaper Ryzen CPUs. Steve Jobs will not be at the WWDC this week, not in spirit, not in any way. Apple is changing because the market is changing. The real contest this year will be between AMD and Intel. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com.  He also started a small website about small computers at http://minireplacements.com   Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON RECENT VIDEOS More Videos » About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2017
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch live stream and what to expect Our guide to what to expect from WWDC 2017, including the Siri Speaker, new iPad Pros and more. By Alistair Charlton June 4, 2017 11:00 BST Apple is set to reveal new software and hardware at its WWDC 2017 eventReuters Apple's annual WWDC (Worldwide Developer Conference) kicks off with a keynote address by company boss Tim Cook on 5 June. The event usually focuses on software - indeed, there has been no new hardware at WWDC since 2013 - and while iOS and macOS will still feature, the spotlight will be elsewhere. That's because Apple is widely expected to reveal a rival to the Google Home and Amazon Echo, dubbed the Siri Speaker. Alongside this, the company's first all-new product since the Watch, we also expect to see updates to the iPad Pro and MacBook Pro ranges. How to watch WWDC 2017 Apple is providing a live video stream of the WWDC 2017 keynote. This starts at 10am local time, which is 6pm in the UK. If you are using a Mac and Apple's Safari web browser you can watch the keynote right here. PC users can always watch the presentation at that link, but only via the Edge web browser in Windows 10. Those on older versions of Windows will need to get creative. Install the VLC media player, which you can download for free here, then point it towards this link; it's the address the Apple TV uses to tune into Apple's live events. This is a bit of a workaround, and while it has worked for the past few years there is no guarantee it will work come 5 June. Android users will also need to grab VLC, from here, then open the app's menu, tap the Stream option, then past in this link: http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436-b/16faohbadfvoihjbadfvljhbphjb06/master/4500/4500.m3u8?t=YWxpc2FtaXg= Press play to start the stream. Sometimes the link will appear broken until the stream actually starts, so you're best off waiting until 6pm before giving it a go. As with the PC method, this has worked fine in the past but is not officially offered by Apple. What to expect at Apple WWDC 2017 Siri Speaker Likely to be saved until last and appear in Apple's iconic 'One more thing...' slot, the smart speaker will let users interact with Siri much in the same way as Amazon Echo owners do with Alexa. According to a torrent of rumours, the Siri Speaker will interact with smart home gadgets like smartphone-controlled light bulbs, door locks and thermostats, and let users play tracks via Apple Music. It is likely the device will usher in some major updates for Siri, which kickstarted the voice-activated personal assistant craze back in 2011, but has since been joined by the equally capable (and sometimes smarter) Alexa and Google Assistant. There is no word on a price or release date, but insiders and analysts claim Apple is pitching for a more premium end of the market than Amazon and Google, with higher sound quality. Claims the speaker is already in production indicate an imminent release date, but zero leaks of what it actually looks like suggest an Apple Watch-style approach with several months between launch and release. New iPad Pros Apple is expected to not only announce updates to the 9.7in and 12.9in iPad Pro, both also reveal a third high-end tablet with a10.5in display. Renowned and often accurate analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there is a greater than 70% chance the 10.5in model will be shown off at WWDC. This tablet is rumoured to have a body almost the same size as that of the 9.7in Pro, but with a screen 0.8in larger, giving the iPad an entirely different look to any before it. Also expected from this section of the keynote address are new processors and cameras for the other two iPad Pros, and perhaps also a second-generation Apple Pencil stylus and Smart Keyboard. A man uses the Apple Pencil stylus to sketch on the screen of an iPad ProReuters MacBook Pro and Air updates Rounding out the expected hardware updates are the MacBook Pro and MacBook Air. Both laptop ranges are tipped to receive performance and battery boosts via the new processors. These updates might get a brief mention during the presentation itself, or will be soft-launched and appear on the Apple website afterwards. The company's online store will be offline for the duration of the 90-minute keynote, as is Apple tradition. iOS 11 Back to the WWDC regulars and Apple's iPhone and iPad software, iOS. The presentation will see Apple talk about the eleventh iteration of iOS, which is expected to feature a new social networking app which will take on Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram by offering a quick and easy way for users to share videos created on their iPhones. The Apple rumour mill claims some iPad-exclusive features in iOS 11 will include improved Pencil support and other software tricks to make the tablet feel as capable as a computer. macOS 10.13 Speaking of computers, the final expected highlight from WWDC 2017 is the latest Mac operating system. Other than it likely having a name borrowed from a location in California, as was the case with Sierra and El Capitan, very little is known about macOS10.13. We will just have to wait until 5 June to find out more. More Apple news from IBTimes UK Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices This hidden Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Apple Siri Speaker enters production ahead of expected 5 June reveal Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Digital Trends Home > Apple > Best iPhone 7 battery cases to keep your phone… Best iPhone 7 battery cases to keep your phone above 20 percent By Kyree Leary — Updated June 3, 2017 6:01 am Share Mophie Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Depending on how much you use your iPhone 7, a full charge is either enough to get you through the day, or not nearly enough to keep up with you. Sometimes you simply need some music, but when you’ve got Bluetooth turned on, music streaming, and cellular data running, your battery isn’t likely to last long. This is where battery cases come in handy. There’s a general lack of battery cases out there for the iPhone 7 that take advantage of its capabilities, and there are even fewer that won’t interfere with the lightning port, which now doubles as the headphone port. However, there are enough available to give you exactly what you need from a battery case. Check them out below. Apple Smart Battery Case ($85+) Capacity – 2,365mAh Output – N/A Size – 5.45 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches Weight – N/A Apple’s own Smart Battery Case is the go-to accessory if you want seamless integration with your iPhone 7. If you have any experience with the iPhone 6S’ Smart Battery Case, you’re in for much of the same with the one made for the iPhone 7, save for a different cut-out around the camera and none for the headphone jack (because the iPhone 7 doesn’t have one). The case will increase your call, internet, and video time by 26, 22, and 24 hours, respectively, meaning even heavy smartphone users should be able to use their devices without worrying about a full recharge. Moreover, you can use the case with Lightning-supported accessories without removing it, including the Lighting to USB cable and the charging dock. As far as protection goes, this case is pretty basic. The interior is lined with a microfiber material, while the outside is made of silicone. Buy one now from: Apple Amazon Mophie Juice Pack Air ($100) Capacity – 2,525mAh Output – N/A Size – 5.90 x 2.80 x 0.65 inches Weight – 99.5g (3.51 oz) Mophie’s Juice Pack Air battery case is very similar to the battery cases the company has made for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S. The case will last for 500 recharges, and during use, can provide an estimated 27 hours of battery life to your iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Just press and hold the button on the back for two seconds to begin charging your phone. The Juice Pack Air has LEDs on the back to show how much power is left, can be charged without removing the iPhone, and doesn’t block the speaker, microphone, camera, or any other important components of the phone. In fact, the case is designed to enhance the speaker’s audio quality, as it redirects sound from the bottom of the phone to the front. It’s also compatible with Mophie’s Charge Force wireless mount, so you can easily charge it while driving. Buy one now from: Mophie Foxin Battery Case ($20) Capacity – 6,800mAh Output – 1.0A Size – 7.2 x 4 x 1.1 inches Weight – 181g (6.4 oz) If you power through your iPhone 7’s battery multiple times a day, Foxin’s battery case will be able to support you, as it’s capable of fully charging your phone two times a day, thanks to its own 6,800mAh battery. To complement that, you can charge your phone while it’s in the case, and once the iPhone battery is full, the charge will continue on to the battery case itself. There’s also a USB port on the side, allowing you to charge another device. There is a flaw with this particular case, however, and it lies with the iPhone 7’s own Lightning port. Even though the port can be used to attach the phone to the case and to charge it, you’re unable to use the Apple earpods that come packed in with every iPhone. If that’s not a huge deal breaker, you can buy this case with confidence. Smartphone protection is standard with this case, so expect some defense against falls and shocks, but avoid bigger drops if you can. Buy one now from: Amazon Maxdara Charging Case ($16) Capacity: 5,200mAh Output: 1.5A Size – 5.6 x 2.7 x 0.6 inches Weight – 82.2g (2.9 oz) Maxdara’s battery case will keep your iPhone 7 charged and ready, and it’ll let you know just how much power your case has left, thanks to the battery indicator located on the back — White: 100 percent, Green: 75 percent, Blue: 50 percent, Red: 25 percent. When the time comes to charge your phone using the case, you use the On/Off switch (also located on the back) to start and stop the process. The case has precise cutouts for your phone’s microphone, buttons, and camera. It’ll also protect your phone from scratches and shocks. It’s made with a dull polished material that results in a comfortable case you can hold for all the hours you’ll be using your phone. Buy one now from: Amazon Trianium Atomic Pro Battery Case ($40+) Capacity – 3,200mAh Output – N/A Size – 5.9 x 2.7 x 0.4 inches Weight – 158.7g (5.6 oz) While Trianium’s battery case has one of the lower capacities on this list, it’ll still get the job done when it comes to keeping your phone alive. It can provide another full battery charge, or, as Trianium breaks it down: 14+ hours of talk time or 10 additional hours to browse the internet. The LED indicator on the back will keep you up to date on how much power remains. Unfortunately, like other battery cases for the iPhone 7 so far, it doesn’t support Apple’s lightning headphones, or other headphones that use the lightning port. If you’re concerned about overall protection, the case ensures your phone’s safety by utilizing a hard back plate and a protective dual-layer bumper, resulting in protection against drops, shocks, and scratches. While it adds a bit of bulk, it does offer good protection. Buy one now from: Amazon Alpatronix BX170 Charging Case ($30+) Capacity – 3,200mAh Output – 1A Size – 6.05 x 2.87 x 0.63 inches Weight – 107.7g (3.8 oz) Alphatronix’s case will get the job done when the time comes to recharge your phone, but like some other charging cases, it is not compatible with the packed in headphones Apple provides. Furthermore, the case isn’t charged using the Lightning connector, but instead requires a Micro USB cable — thankfully, there is one included. You can still charge the case without removing the phone, but it means keeping another cable nearby. Aside from those minor setbacks, this is a great iPhone 7 battery case, and a decent protective case. The dual layer design combines a hard outer shell with a shock absorbing bumper, there’s a scratch-resistant finish, and the raised bezel will keep the screen away from surfaces when face down. All ports are accessible, there are LED indicators on the back, and it’s covered by a 1-year warranty when bought directly from Alphatronix. Buy one now one: Amazon Alphatronix Anker PowerCore Battery Case ($50) Capacity – 2,200 mAh Output – N/A Size – 5.55 x 2.76 x 0.6 inches Weight – 68.03g (2.4 oz) While the Anker PowerCore is made to work with the iPhone 7, it will also easily work with the iPhone 6 and 6S given the phones have similar exterior designs. The PowerCore employs the iPhone’s lightning port to charge your phone, and can give it an almost 100-percent charge, providing between 11 and 13 hours of extra battery life. To charge the battery case for future use, you need to use the included Micro USB cable with the case’s Micro USB port. When not in use, the PowerCore doesn’t need to be constantly connected via the Lightning port — meaning you’re free to use your headphones — and can instead act as a protective case that will help keep your phone secure. That said, since it’s not a dedicated iPhone case, or one that’s meant to prevent dents and scratches, Anker recommends not dropping it. Buy one now from: Amazon ThinCase ($60) Capacity – 3,000 mAh Output – N/A Size – N/A Weight – N/A We’ve written about the ThinCase before, and now that it’s just on the horizon, we’re going to talk about it again. This is an impressive battery case, not just because of how well it charges your iPhone 7, but because it manages to bring back the headphone jack the current iPhone model left behind. The ThinCase also offers pretty decent protection, thanks to raised edges that keep the display away from surfaces when placed face down, as well as a durable design that prevents bumps, dents, and scratching. A kickstand feature is also built directly into the case, and can be used simply by opening the front cover and flipping it over. The ThinCase doubles your iPhone battery life, providing an additional 14 hours of use, and doesn’t need to be removed in order to be charged again. In fact, both the case and the phone can be charged simultaneously due to its pass-through charging feature. According to its creators, you can charge the ThinCase in less than two hours, though charging the case and phone together will take about 3.5 hours. Few other iPhone 7 battery cases match the feature set the ThinCase provides, so it may prove hard to pass up. Buy one now from: Indiegogo ZeroLemon Battery Case ($35) Capacity – 3,100 mAh Output – 1.0A Size – 6 x 2.87 x 0.63 inches Weight – 108g (3.8 oz) ZeroLemon’s battery case isn’t drastically different from other offerings on our list, but it’s another quality option if you’re searching for a way to keep your phone charged up and somewhat protected. You get about 12 hours of additional battery life using this particular case, and the four LEDs on the back will keep you updated regarding the case’s battery levels and charging status. Both the case and iPhone can also be charged at the same time using the included Micro USB cable, and your phone can be connected to your PC without removing it from the case. As a protective case, it’s on the slimmer side, adds minimal bulk to the iPhone, and is sure to defend against everyday scratches and bumps. As for drop damage, it can handle a small drop from your coffee table, but maybe not a drop from the roof of your car. Also, keep in mind that you can’t use your wired headphones with this — just Bluetooth-equipped models. Buy one now from: Amazon PhoneSuit Elite 7 Pro Battery Case ($80+) Capacity – 3,000 mAh Output – 1.5A Size – 6.02 x 2.79 x 0.55 in Weight – 90g (3.17 oz) The PhoneSuit battery case is definitely one of the more expensive cases on our list, alongside the offerings from Apple and Mophie, but you can see where the money went. At first glance, it looks a lot like other battery cases we’ve written about, but there are some small differences in how you interact with the case — namely how you activate the case to charge your phone. Typically, you press a button, but the PhoneSuit incorporates touch controls for a more modern feel. Touch the left side for a second to check battery status, or both the left and right sides for three seconds to start or stop charging. The PhoneSuit also supports pass-through charging, PC sync, and will automatically turn off when it has charged your phone. It uses polycarbonate composite materials and a scratch-resistant coating, helping to keep your iPhone in perfect condition when out and about. The exterior design uses a rubber, soft-touch coating to provide additional grip, and though it’s expensive, it has everything you’re looking for in a quality battery case. Buy one now from: PhoneSuit Amazon
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 11° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Life Health Cars Garden Style Food Property Diets Tech Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech Ignore the iPhone 8 - Apple could launch THREE major new products TOMORROW Ignore the iPhone 8 - Apple could launch THREE major new products TOMORROW APPLE’S yearly WWDC developers conference gets under way in a few hours time with the US firm expected to announce its latest software updates. However, rumours suggest that three new devices will also be unveiled in San Jose. By David Snelling David Snelling PUBLISHED: 09:18, Sun, Jun 4, 2017 | UPDATED: 09:57, Sun, Jun 4, 2017 PHApple could announced a Siri speaker and new iPads at WWDC 2017 There’s a huge day ahead for Apple as the technology giant prepares to reveal a host of new innovations at its yearly WWDC developers conference. The major event usually sees Apple unveil its latest iPhone, Mac and Watch software updates but this year could also see some new products taking to the stage in San Jose. Rumours are rife that Apple is planning to launch its first ever smart speaker. This new device could go head-to-head with the Amazon’s hugely popular Echo and will be Siri-enabled allowing users to play music, set timers and answer questions via their voice. Little is known about this new device but Bloomberg recently reported that some top Apple staff have been testing this new speaker inside their homes for several months.  Other reports have suggested that the smart music maker will be aimed at the more premium end of the market. Amazon’s Echo currently costs £149 but it seems Apple’s rival will land in homes at a higher price. Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photos, prototypes, concept images, and renders Sun, January 1, 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button Play slideshow INSTAGRAM • APPLEDESIGNER 1 of 37 Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display Along with the new speaker it’s also thought new iPad Pro tablets could be revealed at WWDC. A recent leaked image has given a glimpse of a new 10.5-inch iPad with thinner bezels meaning a much bigger screen can be squeezed into its aluminium shell. A brighter display, faster processor and improved Apple Pencil experience are all expected and Apple may even upgrade their hugely popular keyboard case which transforms the tablet into a mini laptop. Although Apple has recently released a lower priced iPad, You can read our full iPad 2017 review here, its Pro range hasn't had an update for sometime. In fact, the 12.9-inch device hasn’t been upgrade since it was launched in September 2015. Finally it also appears that some new MacBooks could be coming soon. Apple recently updated its MacBook Pro range which now includes a bigger trackpad and new Touch Bar. However, many experts believe these machines could get another boost with faster processors and improved battery life. Apple’s iMac range is also in desperate need of a refresh and this popular desktop computer could be in for some changes at WWDC. Apple has already launched a number of new products this year including the RED iPhone 7 and a new, cheaper iPad. APPLEApple could boost its MacBook range at WWDC The US technology giant has also just launched Clips which is aimed at helping everyone create instant mini movies. The simple app automatically edits together live or pre-recorded videos, photos and voice clips with easy controls allowing the videos to be produced and shared in seconds. Clips makes things incredibly simple with one-touch controls but more advanced features are also on offer for those wanting to add some extra excitement to their movies. Clips also introduces Live Titles, a breakthrough feature that lets users create animated captions and titles using just the power of their voice. Users simply speak into their iPhone or iPad's microphone with the words then appearing in the clip. express.co.uk will be bringing you all the news from WWDC 2017 live at it happens.  Related articles Amazon Echo meets its match? Apple may release MAJOR new product What are tonsil stones? THIS natural cure could get rid of them Apple iPhone - 8 things that Apple MUST include in NEXT WEEK’S update Apple Apple iPhone 8 Latest videos Little Mix slammed for being ‘half-naked’ at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester concert Ariana Grande’s One Love concert: A star-studded line-up that spells out defiance FACES OF EVIL: Exclusive footage of killers CALMLY walking during London Bridge terror OUR HERO: Brave Sunday Express journalist Geoff Ho tried to STOP evil London attackers EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Moment terrorists CALMLY walk through Borough during murderous rampage Kodi DISASTER - Millions more blocked from illegal streams in latest crackdown Google Chrome is getting a MAJOR upgrade (but not anytime soon) iPhone 8 release date to blame for Nintendo Switch's BIGGEST problem, claims report Latest OnePlus 5 LEAK seemingly confirms THIS key new feature WhatsApp to start charging YOU from TODAY? Latest message sparks huge payment fear Samsung Galaxy S8 - Why THIS update might make you wish you had never bought one Amazon Echo gets a blockbuster new update - and it's about time Samsung Galaxy Note 8 - This Leak could reveal release date and a BIG disappointment Google Maps - Can YOU spot what has changed in this latest redesign? French Open live stream - How to watch Roland Garros fourth round tennis 2017 LIVE online One Love Manchester LIVE stream – Watch Ariana Grande concert online TONIGHT OnePlus 5 release date - Leak suggests Android phone will launch on THIS date coming soon Windows 10 blunder - If you receive this update from Microsoft DO NOT install it Champions League final FREE live stream - How to watch Juventus vs Real Madrid online French Open live stream - How to watch Roland Garros tennis 2017 LIVE online Lions rugby 2017 LIVE stream - How to watch New Zealand rugby tour online Epsom Derby LIVE stream – How to watch the Epsom Derby online Amazon Echo to meet its match? Apple could release MAJOR new product NEXT WEEK Microsoft will now PAY you to switch from Google to Bing - here's how the deal works WhatsApp WARNING - Messages will STOP working on these popular smartphones THIS MONTH SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Monday, 5th June 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Science Royal Weather Nature Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Sport Football Transfer news Cricket F1 Tennis Boxing UFC Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Life & Style Life Health Cars Garden Style Food Property Diets Tech Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Home » Social Media News » Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Posted By Jane Danes on Jun 4, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https://fbookmedia.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/ia-infographic-final_1x.jpg Facebook Instant Articles is now compatible with Google AMP, Apple News, and other web publishing platforms. With this update, publishers can now build their articles on this platform before they use other versions. By making it compatible with other platforms, it helps in cutting down the distribution costs. This announcement is also an indication that Facebook’s Instant Articles isn’t as popular as other publishing forms. If the company can assure that publishers will use all platforms equally, it doesn’t have to worry about Google gaining an edge. “The updated SDK transforms the markup publishers use to create Instant Articles to generate the code needed to build these other formats, removing what we’ve heard can be a resource-heavy step in publishing on multiple platforms. With an easy way to get from one markup format to another, publishers can then plug-and-play the markup in their content management systems or third party publishing tools.” The SDK allows developers to integrate publishing Instant Articles to their CMS. When you create articles in Instant Articles Style Editor, you can apply custom styling templates in Google AMP and Apple News. The custom formats that you’ve designed in the Editor will be the same on other platforms. In other words, you don’t have to worry about the style of your article for Apple News or AMP because the SDK will do the heavy lifting. The future of online publishing is no longer decided by the media business but by the tech companies that collect and distribute the information. It’s shown in a standards battle led by Facebook, Apple, and Google. Each of them owns a proprietary format that makes articles into simple forms on mobile. Instant Articles struggled to grow. The AMP format, on the other hand, is getting more and more popular every day. Apple News maximizes its placement on iOS devices because it’s a native app that pushes a walled-garden approach in delivering the news. Some publishers of Instant Articles left the platform because Facebook doesn’t help them grow audiences or earn money. One of the advantages of Google is that it continues to make Chrome and search experience reader-friendly with AMP. Facebook would want to be a destination where people consume anything and be considered as a way to access the rest of the Internet. Apple, on the other hand, is more interested in turning its iOS as the best method to perform anything on a smartphone. But will the changes entice publishers to use Instant Articles again? Some of them might come back. Facebook has also made a deal with other media companies to produce more original videos. The company will prioritize these videos over other Instant Articles links from third-party publishers. “This new flexibility with Instant Articles is part of our commitment to open standards of collaboration with the community. Our goal is to give publishers control over extending and modifying the Instant Articles building blocks to be the best storytellers on every platform.” Despite its stagnant growth, Facebook’s power over publishers is still high. Publishers are still using Facebook’s platform to publish articles, video, live video and Instant articles. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER Search for: Apple WWDC 2017 – what we want to see (and what we expect to get) Operating systems! Developers whooping over new APIs! And possibly some new shiny things 04 June 2017 by Stuff Staff WWDC 2017 is upon us. From 5–9 June, Apple will offer in-depth sessions, labs, and speakers, to “bring together thousands of brilliant minds representing many diverse perspectives, passions, and talents to help us change the world”. Which is lovely, but us norms are there for the keynote, where Apple reveals new kit, services and software. This year, Apple’s been tight-lipped, and few leaks have emerged. Our list is therefore a mix of rumour mill, best guesses, and wishes. Be here for our coverage on Monday from 6pm BST to find out which guesses have been rewarded by a tap from Tim Cook’s ‘make it so’ reality stick. IOS WILL TURN IT UP TO 11 The iOS release schedule is like clockwork. New iPhones show up in September, and they get the new iOS. We won’t see new iPhones at WWDC, but will get a preview of some iOS 11 features; close attention may help us figure out what Apple’s upcoming smartphone revision might bring. As for iOS itself, rumours point to a dark mode for night time, a smarter and more natural-sounding Siri, and interface updates (chunkier text; more texture; and, with luck, getting rid of the intrusive volume change icon). We’re hoping Apple tackles low-hanging fruit on iPad, akin to what’s shown in Federico Viticci and Sam Beckett’s concept video. An iOS Finder and a Split View app launcher that wasn’t cobbled together as a quick-fix especially appeal. Given that WWDC is for developers, Apple will also remind them the days of 32-bit apps are numbered and suggest updates are sorted well before September. HELLO, MACOS – AGAIN OS X became macOS last year, but the update was business as usual, bar welding Siri and Touch ID to the Mac. Apple could this year use iOS 11’s arrival as an excuse to match version numbers, also giving us macOS 11. Which is exciting if you’re a neat freak. For everyone else, rumours point to FaceTime group calls and, well, not much else. So we’re into wish-list territory again, with many hoping iTunes will be split into separate apps. (They’re likely to be disappointed.) We’d most like to see Time Machine wrench itself into the present day – it’s very much about hard drives, when it should embrace the internet, Backblaze-style. And if Apple allows you to back-up your entire Mac to iCloud (rather than just sync specific folders and documents), that’d be good for its services bottom-line, too. TVOS AND WATCHOS COMEBACK SPECIAL Apple has an apps problem on Apple TV and Apple Watch. The former should have been a gaming powerhouse, but Apple seems uninterested. Apple Watch recently saw big names drop support for native apps, including eBay and Google. How Apple plans to reinvigorate developer support for the platforms is unclear, but WWDC may reveal all. On watchOS, one rumour surrounds glucose monitoring, further cementing the device’s position in healthcare. On Apple TV, there are rumblings about multi-user set-ups, which makes sense. After all, Apple might argue people should have their own iOS device, but normal families/groups only have one Apple TV per telly. Expect to hear Apple talk about its new TV shows, Planet of the Apps and Carpool Karaoke (and in the latter case pine for another run of Robert Llewellyn’s rather lovely show of broadly the same name and concept – minus the karaoke). MACBACK 2016 gave us a new MacBook Pro, and a minor MacBook bump. 2017 needs to give us far more to show Apple’s still serious about the Mac. The mini’s not been updated since 2014. The MacBook Air and iMac were last touched in 2015. The Mac Pro got a spec bump in April, after languishing since December 2013. New iMacs are rumoured, which will likely mirror the current design, but have USB-C and upgraded innards. But with dirt-cheap and high-quality tiny PCs doing the rounds, it’d pay for Apple to do something radical, brilliant and affordable with the Mac mini. There are also murmurs about a new Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar. Probably best not to hold your breath on that; and if one does arrive, expect it to mug your wallet. IPAD EVEN-MORE-PRO Apple released a new iPad earlier this year, but it was effectively a mash-up of the iPad Air and Air 2. We’re more interested in what’s in store for the Pro. At the very least, iOS 11 should showcase what it’ll be able to do from a productivity standpoint, but Apple might choose WWDC to reveal the long-rumoured 10.5-inch model (with similar dimensions to existing iPads but a much smaller bezel), to get some serious column inches. SIRI SPEAK(ER)S The Apple TV’s more or less a headless iPhone, without the phone bit. Whack a speaker on top and it’s a headless iPhone doing an impression of the depicted Amazon Echo. Whether we need such a device remains to be seen, but it’s a rumour that just won’t die. It’s worth noting, though, that Apple’s done speakers in the past (notably with the colossal iPod Hi-Fi) and now owns Beats. Alternatively, Apple could get Apple TV responding to “Hey, Siri!”, although how it’d stop all your iOS devices also responding, we’ve no idea. (And developers will surely be thrilled at another Apple platform to deal with, where people won’t want to pay for app support.) LOADS OF STUFF FOR DEVELOPERS We say this every year, but it warrants repeating: WWDC is Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference. So although we might get some new toys, the main focus is to help the people making apps for the devices you use. Pundits will blather on about the keynote being boring and how Apple is DOOMED because it didn’t release a dozen new products. What they’ll miss is that even the smallest new features added to Apple’s operating systems can be the ones that make a real difference to millions of people – far more than an early peak at the iPhone 8. Comments comments STUFF PICKS 7 things we learned from the official Star Wars Battlefront II launch You can now preorder the Sony Xperia XZ Premium in the UAE, KSA and Qatar Apple iPad (2017) review (US$350) Console Showdown: Xbox One S vs PlayStation 4 Pro vs Project Scorpio Here are the best deals on the Samsung Galaxy S8 in the UAE Follow us Facebook G Plus Twitter YouTube Subscribe to the Magazine
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts 2 minute read Jun 4th, 2017 2:15 AM EDT | Rumor A group of Foxconn employees released on Reddit a treasure trove of information about upcoming Apple products for the remainder of 2018 through 2019. Some of this information is expected to be announced Monday, June 5 at WWDC, but there is information on other products, too. The details provided information on new MacBooks, iPhone X, updated iMac peripherals, and even the rumored Apple Glasses—all of them unannounced. Reddit mods claim to have authenticated documents provided by the leakers, but that’s still far from being guaranteed accurate. If genuine, the information is most likely being shared in violation of NDAs. It’s further proof of our ongoing thesis that there are simply too many fingers and eyeballs involved in the production of Apple products for the company to keep many things secret. The iPhone X First let’s talk about the iPhone 8, iPhone X, or whatever it turns out to be named. The design is slated to look like the images below, and the device will have a Touch ID sensor below the glass. A mockup of the iPhone X, showing the vertical camera orientation A mockup of the rumored iPhone X shows the bezel-free design According to the leakers, early testing found this sensor to be slow and sometimes unreliable. They claim the handset will rely on facial recognition technology for the primary means of authenticated access. The cameras will feature a 3-D sensor for advanced facial recognition. The back of the device will be made of special glass engineered to sustain force without shattering. It will feature wireless charging and a fast-recharge Lightning port. Project Mirrorshades — Apple Iris Apple’s long-rumored Apple Glasses project, dubbed Project Mirrorshades, is looking less likely to come to light before 2019, according to the leakers. The final product is expected to be called Apple Iris, but the leakers claim a 65 percent probability of the project being cancelled. Apparently Hon Hai lost the contract, and the new supplier is not faring much better. If it comes to fruition, Apple Iris is expected to do for augmented reality what the iPhone did for smartphones. The glasses are designed to allow for prescription lenses. At this stage, they also incorporate dual microphones for noise cancellation and an accelerometer. The devices also include a magnetometer for navigation. The leakers claim that Apple Iris isn’t expected to ship until 2018 or 2019, assuming the project isn’t scrapped. The Apple Home Speaker Apple’s rumored home speaker is actually really a thing, and the leakers say it will be announced during WWDC. The actual ship date, however, is expected to be later in 2017. This is another case of Hon Hai’s Foxconn losing the contract to another vendor. Three designs of the speaker were developed. One had a screen and camera, one lacked the screen, and the third lacked the camera.  No word on which design was the final one, unfortunately. More New Hardware According to the leakers, iPhone 7S will switch to the same glass design as the iPhone X, but will lack camera recognition and have the regular Touch ID sensor. The iMac and MacBook Pro will get specification updates in 2017, which matches previous rumors. In 2018, a new MacBook with smart “any key” technology will be unveiled, along with new peripherals for the iMac. The new keyboard will utilize e-ink and be instantly configurable as another type of keyboard, such as a European keyboard layout. TMO will provide full coverage of the WWDC keynote on Monday. We will also update you if further developments from the Foxconn insiders cone to light. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Glasses, Apple Iris, iMac, iPhone, iPhone 8, MacBook, MacBook Pro, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18333 Jeff Butts rumor 0 1496542512 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly Jim Edwards Jun. 4, 2017, 3:56 AM 43,476 facebook linkedin twitter email print Mary Meeker has a chart that depicts the main problem Apple will have trying to sell iPhone 8 for $1,000. iPhone sales have declined in four of the last five quarters, so the price tag on iPhone 8 is a huge decision for Apple. Apple is trying to take market share from Android, with a new ad campaign and discount iPhone offerings like the iPhone SE. Apple's revenues, profits, EPS and the price of AAPL stock all depend on Apple setting the price of iPhone 8 right. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers analyst Mary Meeker delivered her legendary annual "state of the internet" report last week, and this chart within it describes Apple's "$1,000 iPhone" problem perfectly. The global market for smartphones has topped out. Sales growth is in decline: Mary Meeker / Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Apple has always taken a roughly 15% share of this market (the orange iOS columns), creaming off the customers who are willing to pay the highest prices for a phone. Google's Android system takes the other 85%. But now the entire market has stopped growing. So Apple must either take a greater share of the market — which it has never done before — or expand the market as a whole. Apple's problem is that it needs iPhone prices to be high. To maintain its profits, revenues, EPS, and the valuation of AAPL stock, iPhone 8 — expected in September — will likely be priced starting at about $1,000 (£775), according to Goldman Sachs. Can Apple take a greater share of the market when it wants $1,000 for a phone? One thousand dollars is nearly $200 more than the current average price of an iPhone ($815 in the US or £696 in the UK, according to Deutsche Bank's ranking of iPhone global prices). But it is a psychologically testing barrier for most consumers. Most phones do 90% of the things an iPhone can do. Do you really need to spend the equivalent of half a month's average income on a slightly better phone? The problem is material to Apple's financial results.  Tim Cook has talked repeatedly about attracting "Android switchers" to iPhone.AP In four out of the last five quarters, iPhone sales declined. CEO Tim Cook believes buyers put their purchases on "pause" when they know a new iPhone is coming. The problem with iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 is that neither model was sufficiently different from iPhone 6, and many consumers held on to their old phones waiting for the next model. This is Apple's other high-class revenue problem: Its phones are now so good you don't have to buy a new one very often. There are signs that Apple is working on this. Three years ago, I suggested before the launch of iPhone 6 that the new phone had better be "amazing and cheap" in order to fend off precisely the kind of sales declines that Apple saw in the iPhone 6s/iPhone 7 era. Apple did, in fact, do that — but not quite the way I predicted: iPhone 6 was amazing — it set sales records and a lot of consumers held onto it because it was so good. Apple also launched a cheap iPhone, the iPhone SE, which is currently priced at about half what iPhone 7 costs. More recently, Apple has become more aggressive in its war against Android. As my colleague Rob Price reported, Apple has launched an ad campaign to persuade Android users to drop the world's favourite operating system. It has a new website dedicated to helping Android users port their stuff over to iPhone as seamlessly as possible. And, as we know, Tim Cook has for years watched the rate of "Android switchers" coming to iPhone very closely. It is one of the key benchmarks he has touted to investors.  Goldman Sachs So the next few years will be very interesting: Can Apple take market share with an incredibly expensive phone? Can it take more share with the cheap iPhone SE (or whatever lower price iPhone succeeds it)? Or is Apple doomed to find itself managing 15% of a category that is mature, stable, and — from a sales point of view — stagnant? NOW WATCH: Here's why Boeing 747s have a giant hump in the front Loading video... More: Apple Android iPhone 8 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly Mary Meeker has a chart that depicts the main... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Brite Smiles Dental Care Tweet   Brite Smiles Dental Care Increases Awareness of Oral Cancer Brite Smiles Dental Care (http://www.britesmilesdentalcare.com), in Apple Valley, is alerting the public to the problem of oral cancer and promoting a special offer.       (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 04, 2017 ) APPLE VALLEY, MN  Brite Smiles Dental Care (http://www.britesmilesdentalcare.com), in Apple Valley, is alerting the public to the problem of oral cancer and promoting a special offer. April is National Oral Cancer Awareness Month. This cancer can affect anyone, regardless of whether or not they drink or use tobacco. The Oral Cancer Foundation reports that the reason this particular disease is so dangerous is because the average person is not aware of its existence and when they find out that they have it, the cancer is already well developed. Dr. Dennis Simmons, owner of Brite Smiles Dental Care stated, We want to make sure that the public is aware of the dangers of oral cancer. And we want to help them with early detection by offering the test at no charge. For the summer, were offering Free Oral Cancer Screenings to patients who refer a family member or a friend to our office as a new patient. Their family member or friend will get a free Cancer Screening also! Give us a call for more details! Dr. Dennis Simmons graduated from the University Of Minnesota School Of Dentistry in 1976, receiving the Class Honor in prosthetics  dentures partial and full. Since then, he has participated in over 3,000 hours of continuing education courses, focusing primarily on cosmetic and reconstructive surgery, dental implants and implant-supported restorations, orthodontics, extractions, crown/bridge, root canals, bite and TMJ disorders and sleep apnea. For his studies, he has been honored with the status of Diplomate from the International Congress of Oral Implantology and the International Osseous (bone) Integration Society. For more information on dental services from Brite Smiles Dental Care, visit http://britesmilesdentalcare.com, or call 952-891-8484. Contact Information: Brite Smiles Dental Care Dr. Dennis Simmons Tel: 2145342189 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
App Store Contact Media Advertise FAQ Newsletter Podcast Videos News Android Audiobooks Bookselling Digital Publishing e-Books e-Paper e-Readers Libraries Reviews Good e-Reader Hardware Good e-Reader 6.8 Good e-Reader 13.3 June 4, 2017 Good E-Reader - eBook, Audiobook and Digital Publishing News Get the latest news on e-Books, Audiobooks, Digital Publishing, Manga, Anime and Tablets Apple App Developers have Generated $70 Billion June 4, 2017 By Michael Kozlowski Leave a Comment Apple is touting the fact that App Store developers have generated over $70 billion dollars since it launched. Given that Apple takes a 30% cut of each sale, including in-app purchases, the App Store’s all-time revenue has likely passed $100 billion. What most people do not understand about the App Store ecosystem is that Apple created an entire end-to-end infrastructure to create and distribute the apps, all the way from designing and releasing the applications used to program them – and even making their own programming language to boot – hosting said apps on their servers, designing the operating system used to run the apps, and last but not least designing and producing the actual hardware devices that run them. Michael Kozlowski (7052 Posts) Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.com More from my site Kobo Aura H2O Edition 2 Unboxing Video iTunes is coming to the Windows App Store B&N Announces Summer Reading Campaign for Everyone Amazon Shipped out 2.2 Million Fire Tablets Q1 2017 Draft2Digital and Streetlib are now distributing e-books to Kobo Plus Medium Audio Provides Professional Narration for Top Stories Filed Under: Technology Good E-Reader Tweets about goodereader Copyright © 2017 Good e-Reader - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS 22 people charred to death in Uttar Pradesh bus accident IMF warns US fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth pose risk to Asia World Bank keeps 2017 global growth forecast at 2.7% Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 09:23 AM | 05 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,231-42.17 NIFTY 50 9,650-3.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.32-0.15 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? By IANS | Jun 04, 2017, 12.15 PM IST Post a Comment To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW YORK: With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. "All four of Apple's big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn't be any different," the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have "an updated user interface" and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a "dark mode" for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung's Bixby. Apple's digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. Comments(0)Add Comments What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Siri could have big role at Apple conference READ MORE ONWatchOSSafariOLED iPhoneMacOSiPadIOSGoogle Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Appropriate Blood Sugar Levels and Insulin Requirements Livestrong for Healthline The 2018 Ford F-150 Gets a New Look Kelley Blue Book Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Germantown Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored AdsMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Socio economic survey shows rural India poorer than expected Economic Times launches India’s first Startup awards From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times You Can't Hold Your Child's Hand Forever. Give the Gift th.. Gerber Life Insurance Company Famous Women Who Never Married Womens Forum If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing It WebMD Eight key things to know from 2017 Economic Survey Economic survey 2017: 5 things you need to know Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Latest Business News Headlines | The Economic Times Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented TCS' H-1B visa applications now a third of 2015 levels Google will now pay upto $2,00,000 for finding bug in Android Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy suggests ways to stop job losses IT Employees Unions pitch for 'compassionate unionism' Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 lakh crore: Reliance Communications More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper What to expect at Apple's developer conference 2017 Decorations have been put up on the exterior of San Jose McEnery Convention Centre for Apple's upcoming Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) 2017. ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN PublishedJun 4, 2017, 1:25 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4LXJ Copy Trevor Tan Deputy Tech Editor trevtan@sph.com.sg SAN JOSE - Apple will be holding its annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) this year from June 5 to 9 (Pacific Time) at at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, instead of San Francisco, a departure from the norm. It will be the first time since 2002 that Apple will be holding WWDC in San Jose, which is closer to the tech giant's home campus in Cupertino. It might be a step to bring next year's WWDC to the new Apple Park campus in the iPhone maker's headquarters. So, what can we expect from WWDC this year? As a developer conference, we can definitely look forward to new software. SOFTWARE 1. macOS 10.13 or 11? Almost every year, Apple updates its macOS 10 (previously known as Mac OS X). So, we can expect an upgrade from the current 10.12 to 10.13. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up There are also rumours that Apple might change the naming convention to macOS 11, to bring both iOS and macOS to same numeric version. But information about the new macOS is scarce. Still, we will probably see speed improvements, a smarter Siri voice assistant and better integration between iOS and macOS. One probable development for macOS 10.13 is the implementation of the Apple File System (APFS). Optimised for flash drive storage, which is becoming more prevalent, APFS is said to offer stronger encryption, faster file movement, as well as better space efficiency and backup capabilities. This will also bring masOS in line with iOS which was updated to APFS during the recent iOS 10.3 upgrade. 2. iOS 11 Again, iOS - the operating system for Apple's smartphones and tablets - is refreshed every year. Apple typically announces the new version in June at WWDC, and the new iOS will roll out in September when the new iPhones are launched. Artificial intelligence (AI) seems to be the buzzword among tech giants like Google and Microsoft. Apple is no different. Rumours are circulating that Apple is planning major updates to its voice assistant Siri, such that it becomes smarter through contextual learning with improved AI. Improvements in Siri will most likely be duplicated in the new macOS. In addition, Apple might be adding group video chats in FaceTime and conference calls of up to five people in iMessage. Other additional features include a dark mode for better reading at night. 3. watchOS 4 and tvOS 11 With new macOS and iOS versions, there will likely be updates to watchOS for Apple Watch and tvOS for Apple TV. The new watchOS 4 is expected to add more features for health tracking. Apple's chief executive Tim Cook is said to be testing a glucose level monitor on his Apple Watch, while Apple just recently bought sleep-tracking firm Beddit. So, we might see these features added into the new watchOS. This writer personally hopes to see third-party watch faces, instead of just the few offered by Apple currently. For tvOS 11, there is a high chance that there will be multiple user profile support, something like what you get with Netflix or HBO. So, you can have your own apps in a specific arrangement when you log in with your ID, while another user who logs in will have his own customised interface. It is also rumoured that tvOS 11 might finally support Amazon Prime Video and Vudu streaming services. HARDWARE No hardware was announced for the previous two iterations of WWDC. But with the lack of a March Apple media event this year, we might just see some hardware announcements at WWDC. 1. New iPad Pro? Well-connected and often-reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities said that there is a high chance that Apple will launch a 10.5-inch version of the iPad Pro. This is an answer to complaints by users who think the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is too big but the 9.7-inch version is a tad too small. 2. New MacBook and MacBook Pro? Last week, Apple registered at least five new models of the MacBook and MacBook Pro in the Eurasian Economic Commission, according to French website Consomac. However, it is likely that these MacBooks and MacBook Pros will come with only an internal upgrade of Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors. The latest MacBook Pros were introduced only in October last year, so it's unlikely there will be any major change in design. 3. Siri Speaker This is supposed to be the highlight of WWDC 2017. Again, rumours of the Siri Speaker came from KGI Securities' Mr Kuo. He said there is an over 50 per cent chance that Apple will announce its first AI product at WWDC. Industry pundits have thus pointed to a Siri Speaker, that will compete directly with the likes of Amazon Echo and Google Home smart speakers. These smart speakers connect to a voice-controlled AI assistant that allows users to interact with it to play music, send e-mails, get real-time weather or traffic information, or simply have a conversation. While Echo uses the Alexa voice assistant, the Siri Speaker - or whatever it might be called, maybe Apple Sound? - will, most certainly, use the Siri voice assistant. The Siri Speaker is said to have better sound performance than its competitors, thanks to the use of Beats technology. In addition, it is rumoured to include face recognition, so Siri will know who it is talking to. It might also have a touchscreen panel like the recently announced Amazon Echo Show. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home are currently not available, nor supported, in Singapore. So, hopefully, the Siri Speaker will be. All will be revealed during Apple's keynote on June 5, 10am (June 6, 1am, Singapore time) that traditionally kicks start WWDC. To catch the keynote live, visit www.apple.com/apple-events/june-2017. Topics:  APPLE IPHONES IOS IPAD More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LXJ Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats How did Saddam Hussein spend his final days? Eating muffins and relaying anecdotes about his children Indian Railways asked to pay Rs 75,000 as compensation to passenger whose seat was occupied by others Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple’s annual developer conference By IANS /  04 Jun 2017 , 10:50 #WWDC 2017 Image Credit: Apple With Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year’s conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. “All four of Apple’s big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn’t be any different,” the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have “an updated user interface” and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a “dark mode” for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung’s Bixby. Apple’s digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. Publish date: June 4, 2017 10:50 am| Modified date: June 4, 2017 10:50 am Tags: Apple, Apple Pay, iOS, iPhone, MacBook, Mail, Safari, WWDC, WWDC 2017 Also read WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa X Recommended For You WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple has added robots, and drones to Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers WWDC 2017: Siri speaker gets confirmed, but its appeal may be limited Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #ISRO Jun 4, 2017 25 hour countdown for ISRO’s GSLV MK III launch with the GSAT-19 on board begins at SHAR #ISRO Jun 4, 2017 ISRO on track for GSLV MK III launch on 5 June with the GSAT-19 on board: Mission overview #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Sleep Tight Jun 4, 2017 New disposable diagnostic patch may help you sleep better #e-rickshaw Jun 4, 2017 Vadodara Municipal Corporation to use fleet of 40 e-rickshaws to monitor cleanliness in the city #Deep Learning Jun 4, 2017 Microsoft launches Cognitive toolkit to accelerate the process of deep learning SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » General Flood, landslides hit Assam; 13,000 affected Pakistan's Sindh recruits women for anti-terror operations Business Standard What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? IANS  |  New York  June 4, 2017 Last Updated at 10:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWQHn4 ALSO READ Apple's corporate reputation falling, suggests market research We fixed vulnerabilities years back: Apple on Wikileaks CIA documents Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 bn, chip maker hits back Foxconn, Apple to set up $7 bn manufacturing plant in US Concessions should be given to all manufacturers, not just Apple: Experts With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. "All four of Apple's big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn't be any different," the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have "an updated user interface" and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a "dark mode" for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung's Bixby. Apple's digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. --IANS sku/pgh/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Cupertino | News-ians | General PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. "All four of Apple's big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn't be any different," the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have "an updated user interface" and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a "dark mode" for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung's Bixby. Apple's digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. --IANS sku/pgh/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. "All four of Apple's big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn't be any different," the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have "an updated user interface" and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a "dark mode" for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung's Bixby. Apple's digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. --IANS sku/pgh/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? Source : Last Updated: Sun, Jun 04, 2017 10:40 hrs New York, June 4 (IANS) With Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) just around the corner, technology enthusiasts the world over are speculating on what new revelations the Cupertino-headquartered tech giant will make. Topping them would be clues to the next iPhone. To be organised from June 5-9 in San Jose, California, this year's conference might see plenty of surprises. According to a report in The Verge, Apple would announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. "All four of Apple's big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn't be any different," the report said. Last month, Bloomberg reported that iOS 11 would have "an updated user interface" and we could possibly see this announcement being made at the event. Reportedly, Apple is working on a "dark mode" for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. If Apple introduces the rumoured OLED iPhone, the dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off. Also, Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. Users can also expect improvement in the iPad with the introduction of support for multiple user accounts. Given the success of Samsung Pay and the recent launch of LG Pay, Apple might also bring improvements in Apple Pay. Last year, Google Assistant gave a tough competition to Siri. The competition went to another level with the launch of Samsung's Bixby. Apple's digital assistant Siri might get smarter to counter its rivals. As far as hardware is concerned, Apple might launch Siri speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google Home. The tech titan could also bring updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros with some spec bumps. The company might also bring an update for the MacBook Air. It has been two years since Apple updated the device. It is a possibility that tech affectionados might be in for a treat if Apple decides to delve out some information regarding the iPhone it will launch to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the revolutionary device. --IANS sku/pgh/ SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Business Home LBoard Economists: Malaysia must push harder for growth in productivity FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Reuters | June 4, 2017 Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon's Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. NEW YORK: Apple Inc  is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com Inc’s competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Path to the money Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber “skill.” After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not – so far – one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” Apple’s narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple’s original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa’s number of skills. “To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform,” McIlwain said. “If Apple does not launch a ‘skills store,’ that would be a mistake.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. “Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Indonesia says 1,200 IS operatives in Philippines Bitcoin exchange Coinbase seeks new funds at $1 billion valuation ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM Isa nafi FGV bincang singkir CEO More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in Top Stories Technology Politics Business Health Care Science Future of Work Smarter Faster Newsletters Events About Contact Newsroom Privacy & Terms Advertise with us Sign in to AXIOS to save stories for later, get personalized news, and more! Sign in with LinkedIn Sign in with Facebook OR Sign in Forgot your password? Don’t have an account? Register now. Join AXIOS to save stories for later, get personalized news, and more! Register with LinkedIn Register with Facebook OR Register with Email Already an AXIOS member? Sign in now. Register with email Next Forgot your password? Already an AXIOS member? Sign in now. Thanks for signing up! In order to help us deliver news that will be most relevant to you, please tell us a little about yourself. -- Select Industry -- Aerospace / Defense Agency Agriculture Architecture / Engineering / Construction Banking / Financial Services / Insurance Education Energy / Environment / Utilities Government Healthcare / Pharmaceuticals Hospitality Manufacturing Media / Entertainment Not For Profit Other Professional Services Retail / Consumer Technology / Telecommunications Finish Skip for now Email this story Enter up to 20 email addresses separated by commas. Email sent! Done Sign In Tech Politics Business Health Care Science Future of Work Ina Fried Jun 2 Featured Exclusive: Apple Music executive Bozoma Saint John plans to leave the company Apple Bozoma Saint John, the Apple executive who garnered significant attention for her demo at last year's worldwide developer conference, plans to leave the company, Axios has learned. Saint John was head of Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music (and predecessor Beats Music). Prior to that she was head of music and entertainment marketing for Pepsi. An Apple representative declined to comment. Why it matters: While Apple has several women of color in higher-ranking positions, Saint John had a high profile beyond Apple and was widely praised for her on-stage work last year. She was also fairly unique among Apple executives in maintaining a strong personal brand beyond her work identity, with a strong following on Instagram and Twitter. Her exit also comes shortly after Apple shifted former HR head Denise Young Smith to a new role as VP of diversity and inclusion. Technology Link copied to clipboard. Follow Axios Jonathan Swan 6 hrs ago Featured Concerns in White House over Trump's lawyer Andrew Theodorakis / AP (file) Some in the White House are uncomfortable with the hiring of Marc Kasowitz — Trump's longtime lawyer, who was recently brought on as outside counsel to lead the defense against the Russia probe. A frequent informal adviser to the White House said: "There are some people who believe he's the right choice, because he knows the President. And in something like this, it's good to have somebody you know and trust and can tell you: 'I've got your back.' On the other hand, there are people in the building who say that Kasowitz brings out the worst in the President. Kasowitz is a bit of an enabler and spins him up." Keep reading ... words Concerns we're hearing about Kasowitz, (who did not respond to requests for comment): Wrong experience: Kasowitz, known as a New York "street brawler," has represented Trump on everything from a fraud claim to defamation suits and against newspaper accusations of sexual misconduct. A number of advisers inside and close to the White House worry his talents won't transfer naturally to dealing with the national security apparatus in Washington. Inadequate supporting cast: Names floated in news reports include legal stars like Theodore Olson. A source close to the White House says there's not much chance of this: "All the names you've seen aren't going to work out." Says it all, from a source: "With lawyers, there's a pride in taking on tough clients. If you are defending the President and came on board now, ... you weren't part of the problem originally. ... I don't think there's any sort of stench that attaches to that ... [T]he larger deterrent is the structure of working for longtime ad hoc confidant Kasowitz ... [T]hat's not a slam on Kasowitz, but an acknowledgement that he's been fighting different battles and played to Trump's instincts, which would not be helpful here." Show less Politics Link copied to clipboard. Jonathan Swan 6 hrs ago Featured Trump's outside army America First Policies, a non-profit organization run by Trump insiders, is rolling out a nationwide cable ad campaign this week to promote the President's first trip abroad. I spoke with the group's leaders Katie Walsh and Brian O. Walsh (no relation) to hear what they're doing, and how they're thinking about the fights ahead: Data points: The group is putting $400,000 behind a weeklong TV ad, "Safe Again," which promotes the President's work in the Middle East and Europe — with a focus on fighting terrorism. The new ad takes America First's spending this year to roughly $5 million, with campaigns to support the Republican healthcare plan and the special election in Georgia. America First gave a $3 million outside push to help get healthcare through the House. They ran TV, phone and digital and key districts and they tell me they'll likely adopt the same strategy to help in Senate target states. Keep reading ... words Inside the group's thinking: The ad ends by asking people to join America First. The Walshes tell me this is the beginning of a much broader effort to engage national audiences and re-energize those who voted for Trump in November but have slipped away from political activity since then. "This is about collecting information and mobilization," says Katie Walsh, who recently left her post as deputy chief of staff in the White House to join America First. "We strongly believe that for us to get the President's policy agenda passed we need to harness millions of voices." White House officials like Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon were frustrated at the lack of support from outside groups during the healthcare fight. America First is now trying to correct that and counter what the administration views as a lopsided cultural fight in the media. Reflecting the view of many in Trumpworld, Katie Walsh says "the professional Left has a real advantage because the media is lined up behind them." America First will give voters who backed Trump in November "an avenue to stay in the fight." The first big test of America First's effectiveness: the Senate healthcare vote, which the White House expects will happen before the summer recess. When members — whether they be Democrats or Republicans — block Trump's policy agenda, expect these outside groups to encourage Trump supporters to bombard these members with phone calls and to show up at their town halls and district offices. Show less Politics Link copied to clipboard. Axios 3 hrs ago Featured Trump condemns "horrific" London attack President Donald Trump speaks during the Ford's Theatre Annual Gala at the Ford's Theatre in Washington, Sunday, June 4, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) President Trump, speaking tonight at the Ford Theatre's annual gala, said he's spoken with British Prime Minister Theresa May to express "our unwavering support" and said the U.S. will do everything in its power to "bring those that are guilty to justice." "We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long. This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end. As president I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores. Politics Link copied to clipboard. Dave Lawler 8 hrs ago Featured U.S. Ambassador contradicts Trump over criticism of London mayor Matt Dunham / AP The acting U.S. ambassador to the U.K. has commended the Mayor of London for his handling of Saturday's terrorist attacks — hours after President Trump criticized the mayor's response. What Trump said: "At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is 'no reason to be alarmed!'" What Lewis Lukens said, from the embassy twitter account: "Commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack." What Mayor Sadiq Khan actually said: That Londoners shouldn't be alarmed by increased security. Trump took his words out of context. Not Trump's man: Lukens is a career diplomat, serving as acting ambassador until Trump fills the role. Trump has indicated he will select Woody Johnson, the NY Jets owner, but has not yet nominated him. Politics Link copied to clipboard. Dave Lawler 9 hrs ago Featured The effort to defeat the peanut allergy Gerry Broome / AP Two treatments currently on the "verge of approval" could help reduce the risk of life-threatening reactions for those with peanut allergies, the Financial Times reports in a long read that includes several interesting takeaways: One drug is a capsule containing peanut proteins that would be sprinkled over foods. The other is a patch that would be placed on the skin. Both are based on the idea that trace amounts of peanuts, increased over time, can reduce the risk of a serious reaction. Three million people have allergies to peanuts and/or tree nuts, and the rate of peanut allergies among children has quadrupled since 1997. One possible reason? Between 2000-2008 parents were told not to give children peanuts. That turned out to be precisely the wrong advice. There's no simple solution currently available. These treatments would require regular doctor's visits and likely lead to hives, stomach aches and other reactions. Science Link copied to clipboard. Ben Geman 11 hrs ago Featured EPA chief leads Trump admin's Paris defense Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt made the Sunday talk show rounds to defend the White House decision to abandon the Paris climate accord. A few takeaways . . . EPA ascendant: Pruitt's presence on three shows Sunday—and his visible public role in the Paris issue overall—signals the shift in bureaucratic power within the federal government on international climate matters. The State Department has traditionally the lead agency on global climate issues, but has had almost no public communications on the decision or what will follow in terms of U.S. engagement with other countries. Secretary Rex Tillerson, who had argued for remaining in the Paris deal, has offered only a single brief statement on the decision in response to a question. Keep reading ... words Minority report: An exchange Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press underscores why one option that had been batted around—staying in the deal while explicitly softening the U.S. commitment—was rejected in the internal administration debate. The Obama administration pledged to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. "You can change those targets," Meet the Press host Chuck Todd said. "No, no, no. No, not under the agreement," Pruitt responded. Pruitt argued the wording of the deal only allows nations to make their emissions targets more aggressive, not scale them back. However, this view is not widely held among experts. For instance, E&E News noted Friday that "the vast majority of international legal experts say they can be rescinded and lowered at will." Finessing Trump: Pruitt, joining several other administration officials, declined to say whether President Trump still believes human-induced global warming is a "hoax." "I think the whole question is an effort to get it off the point and the issue of whether Paris is good for this country or not," Pruitt told George Stephanopoulos, host of ABC's This Week, after he pressed Pruitt repeatedly on Trump's views on global warming. Pruitt noted only that Trump has "indicated the climate changes," but declined to address the scientific consensus that human activities are the main driver of the warming trend. However, on CBS's Face the Nation, UN Ambassador Nikki Haley kind of split the difference, saying Trump "believes the climate is changing, and he believes pollutants are part of that equation." Pruitt's case: In his appearances on Sunday, Pruitt steered the discussion toward economic issues, pointing to (disputed) studies released or backed by conservative and industry groups that forecast economic and employment harm to the U.S. from the accord. He also noted that even before entering into the Paris deal, the U.S. has reduced its CO2 emissions. "American innovation, American technology is leading the way with respect to reducing the CO2 footprint, not government mandates," Pruitt said on Fox News Sunday. U.S. carbon dioxide emissions have been on a generally downward trend for the past decade, thanks largely to the displacement of coal by natural gas and renewables in power generation. Show less Politics Link copied to clipboard. Mike Allen 12 hrs ago Featured Trump to hit the road on infrastructure push Patrick Semansky / AP Trying to show action despite a balky Congress, and knowing the week's news is likely to be dominated by fired FBI Director Jim Comey's public testimony on Thursday, President Trump is hitting the road to try to generate a little offense. On Wednesday, he'll fly to Ohio (Ohio River, bordering Kentucky) "to address ways of improving levees, dams and locks along inland waterways that are crucial to agricultural exports." Trump's "infrastructure week" gets a top-of-front page story by the WashPost's John Wagner: "While a formal introduction of most of Trump's infrastructure plans are likely months away, the White House plans to send its principles for overhauling the air traffic control system to Congress separately this week." A key message: "the White House's desire to streamline the government permitting process for new highways and other infrastructure, a prospect that has concerned environmental advocates." Economic adviser Gary Cohn: "Time is money ... The cost of infrastructure goes up dramatically as time goes on in the approval process." Politics Link copied to clipboard. Dave Lawler 13 hrs ago Featured Putin: 'I didn't even really talk' to Michael Flynn Mikhail Klimentyev / Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP In his interview with Megyn Kelly, which will air tonight on NBC, Vladimir Putin said he "didn't even really talk" to Michael Flynn when he and the former national security advisor were seated together at a 2015 dinner: "You and I personally have a much closer relationship than I had with Mr Flynn.... When I came to the event for our for our company, Russia Today, and sat down at the table, next to me there was a gentleman sitting on one side. I made my speech. Then we talked about some other stuff. And I got up and left... afterwards I was told, 'You know there was an American gentleman, he was involved in some things. He used to be in the security services.' ....That's the extent of my acquaintance with Mr Flynn." The backstory: The payments Flynn received from RT, and his appearance next to Putin at the dinner, have been raised frequently amid speculation about his relationship with the Kremlin. Politics Link copied to clipboard. Axios 14 hrs ago Featured Trump hits the golf course AP file photo It's a beautiful day in our nation's capital, so it's no surprise that President Trump has arrived at Trump National Golf Club outside D.C., per pool reports. Politics Link copied to clipboard. Axios 14 hrs ago Featured The Paris fallout Source: AP. Data: US Dept of Energy, Health Effects Institute Fallout from the Paris exit dominates non-London news and commentary.... On "Face the Nation," Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the U.N. tells John Dickerson, when asked if Trump believes in climate change: "He believes the climate is changing. And he believes pollutants are part of that equation." IndieWire's Eric Kohn: "Thanks to Trump, [Al] Gore just became the summer's biggest movie star — and, short of Wonder Woman, one of its most exciting superheroes, a larger-than-life figure whose ongoing efforts speak to the prospects of finding hope in dire situations." Scott Pruitt on Meet the Press: "from 2000 to 2014, this country saw reduction in CO2 emissions by over 18% through leadership, innovation, technology." Counterpoint: The above chart shows that the U.S. is still among the global leaders in CO2 pollution. Politics Link copied to clipboard. Alexi McCammond 15 hrs ago Featured We've always been afraid of technology Technology evolves fast. We are hearing a lot of questions about where we're headed as a society, and whether or not robots will take over our lives completely. Automation can disturb us and, sure, driverless cars are a little frightening. But our fear of technology has been around since we began to invent -- it's not known for sure, but the Bronze Age-wheel, too, must have troubled some people. The Pessimists Archive has a collection of some of the best reactions to new inventions and gadgets. Furby toys, 1999: "Hot toy turned electro-menace." NYT called the toy "a threat to nothing but the wallets and emotional equilibrium of desperately shopping parents." The Internet, 1996: Iranian government officials wanted a "spiritual hold" on the Internet and they thought kids would be able to be brainwashed by things they saw online. Keep reading ... words Radio, 1927: It was blamed for a murder after one teenager, who committed a double murder, said listening to the radio made him "feel queer inside." It was also blamed for causing "a tremendous amount of friction between parents and children." Buses, 1926: Railroad employees demanded restricted bus services so that the "bus menace" would take their jobs. Electric lights, 1914: Although we all rely on this today, people were not happy about it when electric lights were introduced. One professor argued people would become addicted to the "night life" thanks to the "great white ways." And they were blamed for people staying up later. Automobiles, 1911: "The Devilish Devil Wagon." They were the original driverless cars, at least to those who drove horse-drawn carriages. People were so afraid they shot at them. One pastor called them "a menace to the church and the country's financial integrity." A brain specialist argued cars would make people have elongated brains. "It remains to be seen how fast the brain can handle traveling." Recorded music, 1906: Show less Future of Work Link copied to clipboard. Mike Allen 15 hrs ago Featured Dems' 2020 vision Steve Helber / AP A bunch of out of-the-box names are getting buzz in elite Democratic circles for their quiet maneuvering to be part of the 2020 conversation: The list ... words Joe Biden: In private, he talks incessantly about what he'd be doing if he had the Oval. He'll look for every reason and opening to run. If he weren't 74 (Trump is 70), Biden would be in already. Watch for signs his campaign hands are quietly laying the groundwork. Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe: He has talked extensively with friends and advisers about running. The guy has boundless energy, ambition and access to money — and the personality and love of the game to withstand the grind and glare of politics. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (N.Y.): She has met privately with top party officials and just hit California to raise money and her profile. Make no mistake: She wants to run. But that doesn't mean she will. Mark Cuban: He considers himself a smarter, better-looking and more authentic version of Trump. He has coin, ambition and comfort in his own skin. Of all the CEO/celebrities, he's the most likely to plunge into the shark tank of politics. Rahm Emanuel: He has not given any signals he'll run, but friends tell us the Chicago mayor thinks he has a better read than the others on what it takes for a Democrat to win in today's America. That said, he runs a city with huge murder and money problems. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.): Although she's assumed to shun the idea of running, reporters watching the field say Warren has the best developed, most intentional message of any of the hopefuls. Sen. Kamala Harris (Calif.): She was interviewed by Kara Swisher this week at Recode's Code Conference, exposing the freshman to a new swath of the chattering class. Sen. Cory Booker (N.J.): He'd be so hacked if I left him off. Show less Politics Link copied to clipboard. Trending Concerns in White House over Trump's lawyer 6 hrs ago Trump's outside army 6 hrs ago U.S. Ambassador contradicts Trump over criticism of London mayor 8 hrs ago Axios in your Inbox Axios AM (All Mikey) Mike Allen is your early-morning guide to the vital news in business, politics, tech and media. Axios PM Mike Allen's afternoon update with the most important stories of the day. Axios Sneak Peek Every Sunday, Jonathan Swan forecasts the week ahead for Capitol Hill and the White House. Axios Generate Ben Geman guides you through the politics and business of the fast-changing energy landscape. Axios Pro Rata Dan Primack breaks news about deals and dealmakers from Wall Street to Sand Hill Road. Axios Login Ina Fried breaks down tech news from San Francisco, while Kim Hart and David McCabe cover the innovation agenda from DC. Axios Vitals David Nather and his team deliver news and analysis on the collision of business and politics disrupting the health-care terrain. Axios Science Alison Snyder delivers the most important news from the frontiers of medicine, space, neuroscience, physics and more. Axios Future of Work Steve LeVine reports on the biggest ricochet story in our lives: robots, artificial intelligence, jobs, and global economics. Subscribe Subscribed Great choice. Enter your email to subscribe to . Submit Thanks for subscribing to . Sign up for an account to save stories and manage your subscriptions. Sign up now Smarter Faster Mellody Hobson: We need to be more fluent in the language of money Insights from top jobs at Dreamworks, Starbucks, Estee Lauder and Ariel Investments Latest Newsletters Future of Work Is this time different? — Tough time for prime workers — 3D limbs Axios AM New trend in terror — Surprising Dems quietly prep for 2020 — Turn the tables: We interview Megyn Kelly Axios PM "This is war" — Robots are coming for jobs — Putin meets Megyn Kelly Pro Rata All The President's CEOs, dry powder mountain and Blue Apron's IPO recipe. Login Intel CEO touts VR-enhanced sports, Paris response, and the end of typing Generate Behind the Paris decision, what's next for climate politics, and the latest in solar Vitals Lawsuits, tax hikes, and Medicaid cuts Axios Science Soft robots, monogamy, and computer creativity Follow Axios Newsletters Events About Contact Newsroom Privacy & Terms Advertise with us
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple to host annual developers conference Shutterstock photo What’s Happening Tech giant Apple ( AAPL ) will hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference this week, a chance for the company to show off new products and/or upgrades that it plans to launch in the coming months. AAPL has been a top performer in 2017, with shares appreciating 32.4% on the year. Technical Analysis AAPL was recently trading at $153.75, down $2.90 from its 12-month high and $62.25 above its 12-month low. Technical indicators for AAPL are bullish with a strong upward trend. The stock has recent support above $149.70 and is trading above recent resistance. Of the 30 analysts who cover the stock, 17 rate it a „strong buy”, six rate it a „buy”, five rate it a „hold”, and two rate it a „strong sell”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 5 STARS „Strong Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference’s always garner a great deal of attention from the tech world, and this year’s conference will be no different. This year analysts expect a new iOS operating system, a new macOS operating system, and new versions of the Apple Watch and TV. Apple has been criticized in recent years for a lack of innovation, but it will get its chance to appease its rabid fans with expected launches of a new iPad Pro, and MacBook laptops. For iPhone fans, it appears unlikely that we will get a glimpse of the upcoming tenth anniversary iPhone, but you never know. If the market likes the products that it does see, AAPL shares could easily surge higher and build on its recent gains. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in AAPL, consider buying the stock under $154.00. Sell if it falls below $138.50 or take profits if it gets to $177.00. Bullish Trade If you want to set up a bullish hedged trade on AAPL, consider an August 130/135 bull-put credit spread for a 35-cent credit. That’s a potential 7.5% return (35.7% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 12.0% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you want to take a bearish stance on the stock at this time, consider an August 170/175 bear-call credit spread for a $0.45 credit. That’s a potential 9.9% return (46.9% annualized*) and the stock would have to rise 10.9% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade If you like the stock, but wish to lower your cost basis, you may want to consider a September $155.00 covered call. Buy AAPL shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the September $155.00 call for a debit of $147.75 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 4.9%, and a target annualized return of 17.2% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Visa could react to consumer credit report Next PostNext Agricultural Surfactants Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts TEENS STARTING SUMMER JOBS AT RISK WARNS LOCAL WORKER SAFETY ADVOCATE Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Mattis, Singapore Defense Minister Discuss Mutual Security Interests Delegations Focus on Counterterrorism, Maritime Security, North Korea Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR AEG drops out of Key Arena renovation bid, criticizes city’s RFP process STEM students turn Trump’s climate decisions into national call to action Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 28, 2017 SpaceX launches its first refurbished Dragon cargo ship to the space station Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Week in Geek: Amazon’s parachute plan, big hotels challenge Expedia, and AI in the NBA LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Nina, meet Alexa: Nuance brings its enterprise assistant to Amazon’s voice-integrated devices Mysterious Seattle digital marketing startup New Engen, led by former Zulily employees, raises $8M Startup Spotlight: Spotted Places maps out travel recommendations from friends GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Sign of the times: ‘Twin Peaks’ is back, and so is iconic marker outside Washington town Geek of the Week: Shyam Gollakota of Jeeva Wireless and UW is a pioneer in preserving power Want to fill that Seattle job opening? Textio lists 2017’s best and worst words for your listing One-time high-flyer DataSphere sells assets to Sinclair Broadcasting and CoStar Nintendo Switch online service coming in 2018, with $20 annual membership cost Geared Up: Testing T-Mobile’s DIGITS and debating Comcast’s gigabit service French-Russian crew leaves space station while NASA crewmate stays behind LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ Donald Trump’s midnight tweet turns #covfefe into viral meme We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Redfin takes #1 spot in GeekWire 200, topping DocuSign for first time Big demand, little supply: Seattle’s hot housing market gets hotter with highest price gains in U.S. BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar Hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Comcast rolls out gigabit internet in Seattle and other cities, at $160/month, or $110/month with 1-year contract CoreOS CEO: Amazon Web Services customers heading down a “very proprietary” path 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark Starbucks rolls its own coffee truck in front of Seattle HQ to replace store being remodeled Trending: I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar by Todd Bishop on June 3, 2017 at 10:19 amJune 4, 2017 at 12:23 pm Comments   Share  20 Tweet Share  13 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! Apple CEO Tim Cook. (Photo: Apple) Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference starts Monday in San Jose. Here are a few of the areas we’ll be watching closely. Siri Speaker: Will Apple challenge Amazon’s Echo? The possibility of a “Siri Speaker” is one of the biggest rumors coming into the event. The general consensus is that Apple needs to expand its virtual assistant into this growing area, possibly with the help of its Beats brand and technology. Apple would be challenging not just Amazon but also Google, with its Google Home line of smart speakers. Google made an interesting move of its own last month, expanding its Google Assistant to iPhone. One question is whether Apple’s speaker would have a screen, possibly along the lines of the new Amazon Echo Show. Given the number of times that Siri currently returns web results in response to inquiries on iOS, a screen might be critical unless the virtual assistant is getting a major upgrade. Which leads to our next big area of interest … Artificial Intelligence: We heard hints of Apple’s ambitions in AI from Carlos Guestrin, Apple director of machine learning, in an interview in February. He said the key to creating an emotional connection between user and device is “the intelligence that it has — how much it understands me, how much it can predict what I need and what I want, and how valuable it is at being a companion to me. … AI is going to be at the core of that.” Hear GeekWire's Todd Bishop discuss this story Monday in the noon hour on The Record on KUOW, 94.9 FM in the Seattle region, and kuow.org.Guestrin is the University of Washington computer science professor who joined Apple with his team following the tech giant’s acquisition of their machine learning startup Turi last year. Apple has established an engineering center in Seattle focused in part on machine learning and artificial intelligence. Apple CEO Tim Cook has talked about the importance of expanding artificial intelligence and machine learning across the company’s products. Some subtle examples of machine learning include facial recognition in the iOS Photos app and the ability to automatically identify where someone parks a car in Apple Maps. At WWDC, chances are that new AI features would come as part of iOS 11, which is expected to be unveiled at the event. Bloomberg News reports that Apple is also working on a chip to power artificial intelligence in its devices. New Hardware: This isn’t the event where Apple typically shows the next iPhone, but you never know. More widely expected at WWDC is a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, fitting in between the current 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models, with upgraded specs and hardware. Although tablet sales have been declining overall, it’s a competitive market: Microsoft, for one, recently unveiled its new Surface Pro. On a personal note, I’m looking forward to seeing if the rumors of a refreshed MacBook Pro are true. My current MacBook Pro is on its last legs, and my only question is whether to choose a new model or take advantage of what will likely be lower prices on last year’s MacBook Pros. Or, as a total wild card, maybe I’ll wait for the new Surface Laptop to come out from Microsoft in a couple weeks. Watch the Apple WWDC keynote at 10 a.m. Pacific time Monday morning, and follow GeekWire for coverage. Also subscribe to our Geared Up podcast and live video show for highlights and commentary. Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. Comments Share  20 Tweet Share  13 Reddit Email Previous StoryI tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Next StorySpaceX launches its first refurbished Dragon cargo ship to the space station Filed Under: Apple  Tagged With: AI • echo • Google Home • Siri GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant coming to Fire tablets, expanding beyond Echo and Fire TV Amazon enables voice activation for new Alexa ‘skills,’ as third-party capabilities expand Facing new competition from Google, Amazon’s Alexa surpasses 1,000 third-party ‘skills’ Report: Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri battling to be digital assistant in Marriott hotel rooms Previous StoryI tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Next StorySpaceX launches its first refurbished Dragon cargo ship to the space station Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle GeekWire Deals: Multitask like a pro with project-planning app Pagico Most Popular on GeekWire LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Director, Corporate MarketingExtraHop Networks Salesforce System AnalystPoint B Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
    Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Events News Ticker [ 4th June 2017 ] Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service Crime & Courts [ 4th June 2017 ] ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom Arts & Entertainment [ 4th June 2017 ] ANZ completes takeover of Financial Gazette Business [ 4th June 2017 ] Inside Zuma’s Dubai palace … and Robert Mugabe lives next door Main News [ 4th June 2017 ] Mugabe to kick out all remaining white farmers, says Zimbabweans need land Farming & Enviroment Search for: HomeTechnologyBuffett tells CNBC Berkshire bought 120 million Apple shares in 2017 Buffett tells CNBC Berkshire bought 120 million Apple shares in 2017 27th February 2017 Staff Reporter Technology 3 Warren Buffett, chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, takes his seat to speak at the Fortune's Most Powerful Women's Summit in Washington October 13, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo NEW YORK – Warren Buffett, chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, told CNBC on Monday that his conglomerate had purchased about 120 million shares of Apple Inc. in 2017 and that U.S. stocks were not in “bubble territory.” “Apple strikes me as having quite a sticky product,” Buffett said. He said Berkshire’s Apple stake, at 133 million shares, was worth about $17 billion and amounted to Berkshire’s second-biggest holding. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook had done a “terrific job,” Buffett said, but added he had not bought shares since the company’s earnings report. Buffett, who told the cable television network that Berkshire had spent about $20 billion on stocks since just before the Nov. 8 U.S. election, also said the U.S. stock market was cheap with interest rates at current levels. The billionaire investor said it was extremely difficult to attempt to find a floor in stock prices and that he did not know what would happen in the near term in the equity market. He said U.S. shares could conceivably “go down 20 percent tomorrow.” Buffett said Berkshire’s positions in airlines remained unchanged. He said pricing shares of airlines has historically been a “very tough game” and that he had never met the chief executives of any of the four airlines in which Berkshire holds stakes. Buffett, who was a vocal supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, said he would judge U.S. President Donald Trump based on how safe the country is in four years. He said he would also judge the Republican president according to how the U.S. economy performs overall and how wide participation in a better economy extends. Despite his disagreement with some of Trump’s policies, Buffett said the U.S. economy would be better off in four years under any president. Buffett said that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made “a lot of sense.” On Kraft Heinz’s snubbed bid for Unilever, Buffett said it was never intended to be a hostile offer and that there was not a “backup deal” for the company. Berkshire is a key investor in Kraft Heinz. – Reuters Share this: Related Posts Buffett’s Berkshire invested $1 billion in Apple New iPhone 6s to hit stores Friday in test for Apple Apple Watch launches April 24 for up to $17,000 in rose gold Apple announces new streaming music service Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s, 6s Plus in first weekend Apple studies self-driving car, auto industry source says Can Apple’s Cook come up with another big hit? Facebook’s Messenger app adds live location-sharing Twitter to keep 140-character limit, CEO says Apple CEO touts future technology amid iPhone worries Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SA-born comedian and TV host Trevor Noah has reflected on the rage he felt after discovering that his stepfather had shot his mother in the head. The incident which took place several years ago, has […] Arts & Entertainment Gonyeti is the next comedy juggernaut 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SHE came onto the scene three years ago and took social media by storm as one of Comic Pastor’s wives. From there, Gonyeti — real name Samantha Kureya — has steadily grown her brand under […] Arts & Entertainment I don’t do politics; partisan Mapfumo and all who sing politics are not artists – Tuku 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 When music superstar Oliver Mtukudzi performed at the One Million Man March organised by Zanu PF last year, a section of music followers were rattled to witness what they viewed as a “sell-out” move by […] Arts & Entertainment Lady Squanda readies new album, storms Mutare 2nd June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SELF-PROCLAIMED Zim-dancehall queen, Lady Squanda, who had gone on a sabbatical, is set to reclaim lost glory when she introduces her new projects to her fans at Legends Night Club tomorrow (Saturday). Squanda who recently […]   Previous article Next article 3 Comments on Buffett tells CNBC Berkshire bought 120 million Apple shares in 2017 JamInhed 29th May 2017 at 02:47 Comprime Cytotec [url=http://antab1.xyz/buy-disulfiram-online.php]Buy Disulfiram Online[/url] On Sale Discount Provera 2.5mg Without Dr Approval Propecia Prix Maroc [url=http://cytobuy.xyz/cytotec-online-buy.php]Cytotec Online Buy[/url] Levitra En Streaming Cialis Et Diabete [url=http://buyclomiphene1.xyz/cheap-clomid-pill.php]Cheap Clomid Pill[/url] Cialis Ou Apcalis Elocon Mastercard Online Free Doctor Consultation [url=http://buynolva.xyz/best-nolvadex.php]Best Nolvadex[/url] Priligy 60 Mg Buy Levothyroxine 125 Mcg [url=http://prop1.xyz/fluoxetine-online.php]Fluoxetine Online[/url] Ordonnance Tadalis Sx Soft Singapour Propecia Provoca Esterilidad [url=http://buystrat.xyz/buy-atomoxetine-online-india.php]Buy Atomoxetine Online India[/url] Prednisone For Sale Costo Cialis 5 Mg In Farmacia [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/buying-zithromax-online.php]Buying Zithromax Online[/url] Buy Propecia Fedex Cialis Levitra Yahoo [url=http://buyprednis.xyz/cheap-deltasone-generic.php]Cheap Deltasone Generic[/url] Kamagra 100mg Generic Viagra For Sale Achat Viagra Web [url=http://cial1.xyz/cialis-usa.php]Cialis Usa[/url] Is Amoxicillin Available In A Patch Sale generic isotretinoin c.o.d. website [url=http://5553pill.xyz/doxycycline-cost.php]Doxycycline Cost[/url] Healthy Men Prescriptions Cialis Pharmacie Ligne [url=http://levicost.com]levitra 20 mg cost walmart[/url] Levitra Versand Bestellen Sildenafil Citrate 100mg For Sale [url=http://zol1.xyz/implicane-online.php]Implicane Online[/url] Order Cheapest Propecia Acheter Xenical En Belgique [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/zithromax-z-pack.php]Zithromax Z Pack[/url] Precio Propecia 20 Mg Qi A Pris Du Cytotec [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/where-to-buy-zithromax.php]Where To Buy Zithromax[/url] Buy Strattera Online No Prescription By Viagra Without Prescription [url=http://buycheapdapoxonline.xyz/buy-priligy-pills.php]Buy Priligy Pills[/url] Will Amoxicillin Cure Infection Comprar Cialis En Farmacias Espanolas [url=http://levicost.com]levitra brand online[/url] Amoxicillin Is It Penicillin Acquistare Viagra Senza Ricetta In Italia [url=http://buycheapusa.xyz/buy-generic-priligy.php]Buy Generic Priligy[/url] Priligy Verschreibungspflichtig Ordina Levitra [url=http://amox1.xyz/shop-amoxil-online.php]Shop Amoxil Online[/url] Cialis Propiedades Accutane 40 Mg Online [url=http://strat1.xyz/generic-strattera-usa.php]Generic Strattera Usa[/url] Purchase Flagyl No Prescription Homoopathie Levitra [url=http://5553pill.xyz/buy-cheap-vibramycin-100mg.php]Buy Cheap Vibramycin 100mg[/url] Zithromax Bleeding Gums Buy Medicine From Cannada Orlistat [url=http://cyto1.xyz/cytotec.php]Cytotec[/url] Levitra Ablaufdatum Photo Levitra [url=http://las1.xyz/buy-lasix-cheap.php]Buy Lasix Cheap[/url] Keflex For Infants Finasteride Para El Pelo Propecia [url=http://buyzol.xyz/zoloft-on-line.php]Zoloft On Line[/url] Amoxicillin Side Effects Bacteria Reply DavQueuern 31st May 2017 at 22:59 Cialis On Black Market [url=http://amox1.xyz/cheap-amoxil-250mg.php]Cheap Amoxil 250mg[/url] Viagra 25 Mg Compresse Rivestite Con Film Amoxicillin Interaction With Sertraline [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/generic-cialis-100mg.php]Generic Cialis 100mg[/url] Mestinon Acheter Du Clamoxil [url=http://amoxi.xyz/by-cheap-amoxil.php]By Cheap Amoxil[/url] Zithromax Dose For Cats Cialis For Sale Fast Deliveri [url=http://buyzol.xyz/zoloft-price.php]Zoloft Price[/url] Viagra Fa Male Al Cuore Keflex Causing Fatigue [url=http://leviusa.com]viagra cialis levitra combo packs[/url] Doryx Doxycycline In Internet In Canada Ou Acheter Du Seroplex [url=http://prop1.xyz/where-to-order-prozac.php]Where To Order Prozac[/url] Viagra Mit 19 Reply JamInhed 2nd June 2017 at 13:22 Amoxicilline 500 Alcool [url=http://cialbuy.com]cialis[/url] Domperidone And Newzealand Pharmacy Que Produce La Propecia [url=http://buy-levitra-low-price.levitab.com]Buy Levitra Low Price[/url] Easy Viagra On Line Fedex Zentel Saturday Delivery [url=http://generic-cialis.tadalaf.com]Generic Cialis[/url] Comprar Cialis Generico Con Garantia Generique Finasteride [url=http://order-kamagra-online.kamagorder.com]Order Kamagra Online[/url] Bentyl Pills Germany Sandwell Cialis Senza Ricetta [url=http://buylevitraeufast.com/best-levitra-generic.php]Best Levitra Generic[/url] Citas Cialis Cialis For Il Election Lioresal Novartis [url=http://buy-cheap-cialis-site.cial5mg.com]Buy Cheap Cialis Site[/url] Buy Letrozole No Prescription Doxycycline Amoxicillin Sinus Australia [url=http://where-to-order-cialis.BuyCial.com]Where To Order Cialis[/url] Levitra 20 Mg Generico Strep Throat Of Amoxicillin Forum [url=http://propecia-order-online.propecorder.com]Propecia Order Online[/url] Buy Kamagra Jelly India Viagra Dosierung Cialis [url=http://propecia-online-buy.propecpills.com]Propecia Online Buy[/url] Buy Nizagara India Viagra E Sordita [url=http://viaprices.com]viagra online pharmacy[/url] Amoxicillin Substitute Cialis Generique Montreal [url=http://buy-vardenafil.buylevi.com]Buy Vardenafil[/url] Propecia How Much 1 Mg Clomid Ordonnance En Ligne [url=http://viagra-online-store.via100mg.com]Viagra Online Store[/url] Buy Viagra Without A Prescription Slimonil [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra online pharmacy[/url] Generic Cialis With Dapoxetine Precio Cialis Diario En Farmacia [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/isotane.php]Isotane[/url] Cialis Prezzo Al Pubblico It can be very easy to get your small loan through these companies because they have the ability to approve in as little as an hour though it can take up to two days to receive your loan.AT THE SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF THE REPAYMENT PLAN THE LICENSEE SHALL REPORT TO THE CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTING SERVICE THAT THE CUSTOMERS REPAYMENT PLAN IS TERMINATED. [url=http://yourcashloan24.com]payday express[/url] Develop Financial Goals Telecommunication Services IRS Reporting Rules Coverage outside the U.Can I Drink Alcohol With Keflex [url=http://buy-kamagra-jelly-online.kamagorder.com]Buy Kamagra Jelly Online[/url] Immune To Amoxicillin Want to buy isotretinoin us free shipping [url=http://buylevitraeufast.com/purchase-levitra.php]Purchase Levitra[/url] Canada Pharmacy For Methotrexate Where To Order Clobetasol [url=http://levicost.com]generic levitra[/url] Buy Now Worldwide Isotretinoin Shop Buy Clomiphene Citrate Canada [url=http://priligy-dapoxetine-forum.prilipills.com]Priligy Dapoxetine Forum[/url] Cialis Overnight Shipping From Usa Lasix Portugal [url=http://online-propecia.propecorder.com]Online Propecia[/url] Best Generic Levitra Prices Where Can I Buy Doxycycline Yahoo [url=http://viagra-discount.via100mg.com]Viagra Discount[/url] Stendra No Prescription Notas De Propecia [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/buy-oratane.php]Buy Oratane[/url] Amoxicillin Picture Of Tablet Cialis Sans Ordonance [url=http://viacheap.com]buy viagra online[/url] Pacific Care Pharmacy Vanuatu Fda Approved Viagra [url=http://order-viagra-onlines.viasample.com]Order Viagra Onlines[/url] Viagra Rezeptfrei Europa Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service by Staff Reporter in Crime & Courts 0 A 36-YEAR-OLD man from Harare who stole two vehicles worth $44 000 from a Gweru car rental company before selling them in Zvishavane has been sentenced to eight years imprisonment. Kelvin Padzarandora (36) of number [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Russia, China pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons US intelligence boss says by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The US has indicated an increased threat of space warfare from Russia and China. The director of national intelligence, Dan Coats in a written testimony to a Senate hearing has said the two countries are [...] Event Updater Winky D live in London. Video by Reminiscs Msgs Madirirano SA Tour, Capetown. Video by Simbarashe Chakare Sulumani Chimbetu Live in Edmonton, Canada. Video by Africa RadioShow Jah Prayzah in London. Video by Belinda Magejo Fungisayi in London. Video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zodwa Wabantu video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zimbabwe Gospel Artist Tyra Chikocho popularly known as Madam Boss singing LIVE in Leicester, United Kingdom. - Video by Obert Mazivisa Editor’s Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom ANZ completes takeover of Financial Gazette Inside Zuma’s Dubai palace … and Robert Mugabe lives next door Mugabe to kick out all remaining white farmers, says Zimbabweans need land Zimbabwean sprinter draws rave views in the United States Gonyeti is the next comedy juggernaut MDCT’s SMART New Zimbabwe policy blueprint finalised and ready True or false? Eight myths and facts about allergies Zidane can stay at Real Madrid for life, says Perez HIEBERT: I'm just definitely empowered with all your composing abilities plus while using format in your blog page minakari. Are these… biology words and definitions: Hi there, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just wondering… rabbit vibrator: rabbit vibrator [...]always a big fan of linking to bloggers that I enjoy but do not get a great… News in Motion Nigeria’s President Buhari says wife ‘belongs to the kitchen’ in response to her BBC interview 14th October 2016 3 Kasukuwere, Kawadza Face Parly Contempt Charges 29th July 2015 0 Former Chelsea midfielder Essien joins Indonesia’s Persib 14th March 2017 55 ZSE records marginal gains 20th May 2015 0 War in Zanu PF as Robert Mugabe loyalists reject Bond Notes 12th May 2016 81 ‘Tsvangirai leaves hospital, expected home soon’ 30th May 2016 1212 OPPOSITION MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been discharged from a private South African hospital where he was admitted since last week and is expected home anytime soon, NewsDay has learnt. BY PHYLLIS MBANJE In a [...] Hunger stalks Buhera 17th April 2016 827 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 636 Shamu to topple Mutsvangwa 16th August 2016 498 Botswana Public Floggings Scaring Zimbabweans 27th March 2016 441 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 14017 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 14017 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Robert W. Baird Tutor Perini Corp (TPC) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Apple’s (AAPL) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Raytheon Company (RTN) Shares Sold by Advisors Capital Management LLC ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Announces Earnings Results LightPath Technologies, Inc. (LPTH) Short Interest Up 43.7% in April Very Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Simon Property Group (SPG) Stock Price Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (PTIE) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc (SBPH) Issued By Zacks Investment Research Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Pembina Pipeline Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (PBA) Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $431.07 Million Analysts Expect Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) to Announce $2.45 Earnings Per Share Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Iwg Plc (RGU) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Receives C$20.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) Stock Price Dynex Capital (DX) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.08 Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Given New $16.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Robert W. Baird June 3rd, 2017 - By Jessica Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Robert W. Baird reiterated their outperform rating on shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in a report issued on Wednesday, May 3rd. Robert W. Baird currently has a $160.00 target price on the iPhone maker’s stock, up from their previous target price of $145.00. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an outperform rating and issued a $160.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Nomura set a $165.00 price target on shares of Apple and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $171.00 price objective (up from $163.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Maxim Group upped their price objective on shares of Apple from $163.00 to $171.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $157.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $159.65. Get Apple Inc. alerts: Shares of Apple (NASDAQ AAPL) traded up 1.48% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $155.45. 27,770,715 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $810.49 billion, a PE ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 52-week low of $91.50 and a 52-week high of $156.65. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $149.15 and its 200 day moving average price is $132.17. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.85% and a return on equity of 33.20%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. On average, equities research analysts predict that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Robert W. Baird” was first published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/03/apple-inc-aapl-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-robert-w-baird-2-updated-updated-updated.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a dividend of $0.63 per share. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.62%. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s payout ratio is 27.31%. In other news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Johny Srouji sold 10,019 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $153.96, for a total value of $1,542,525.24. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 91,291 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,055,162.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919 over the last ninety days. 0.08% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Apple by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 343,783,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $49,387,905,000 after buying an additional 6,237,609 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Apple by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 219,739,579 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $25,450,260,000 after buying an additional 4,301,005 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple by 3.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 163,812,996 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $23,533,376,000 after buying an additional 5,830,423 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple by 6.9% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 54,540,368 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $7,824,791,000 after buying an additional 3,531,050 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,625,709,000. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Here's what to expect from Apple’s big event next week — iOS 11, MacBooks, iPads and more Todd Haselton CNBC June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s going to have a lot of big news to share next week. The company's developer conference, known as WWDC, kicks off with a keynote on Monday at 10 a.m. PST, when we expect Apple to discuss new hardware and software. This is the time of year when Apple typically unveils new software that will power its upcoming Macs, iPhones and iPads — but we may also get a taste of new products we've never seen before. iOS 11 and macOS It's almost a certain that Apple will reveal its new iOS 11 operating system ahead of its new iPhone launch later this fall. The tech giant typically unveils the fresh version of iOS during WWDC and then runs it through developer testing to around September when it pushes it out for everyone to use. Little is known about what Apple will include in iOS 11, but we're hoping to see improvements to Siri, which has started to lag behind competitors like Google Assistant and even Amazon Alexa. Apple will also likely unveil the next version of macOS. The current version, macOS Sierra, was introduced last year when Apple officially departed from the "OS X" moniker for its operating system. Again, like iOS 11, we're not quite sure what to expect in terms of new features just yet. I hope to at least see Siri play an even deeper role in the desktop operating system, too, with more new controls that could make it easier to manage your Mac with voice. Those two, the iOS and macOS updates, are the safest bets. Now let's talk a bit about hardware, which may or may not happen. MacBook and MacBook Pro refreshes Apple's MacBooks are overdue for a refresh to Intel's latest seventh-generation processors, which are already in machines from PC makers. We should see Apple update the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and the thin-and-light MacBook with the new chips, Bloomberg said earlier this month. We might even see the MacBook Air updated with the new chips, though that computer is showing its age with an old display and ports that aren't as fast as newer ones. Apple may just kill it off entirely. Also, Apple's iMac and Mac Pro desktop computers are desperately in need of a refresh. Apple has said it'll refresh the Mac Pro, but I don't think we'll see it next week. New 10.5-inch iPad Pro and refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro Supply chain reports have long suggested Apple is working to build a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that would replace the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It's the first time Apple has ever launched a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, so we'll be curious to hear what the company's argument is for boosting the size. Apple is also expected to announce a new 12.9-inch iPad Pro, replacing last year's model. Expect more powerful graphics, faster processors and maybe even redesigns where the screen takes up more space on the front of the iPad. I wouldn't be surprised if Apple talked about the Apple Pencil, too, perhaps with a refresh to a newer model. A Siri smart speaker The big news could be Apple's entrance into the smart home assistant market. Bloomberg said earlier this week that Apple may unveil a new smart home speaker that's powered by Siri and will compete with Google (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Home and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Alexa. The speaker will reportedly offer surround-sound effects and better audio than the Echo or Home, which suggests it may also be more expensive. Part of me is hoping it'll sound as good as a Sonos Play:1 speaker. Unlike Google and Amazon, however, Siri doesn't really allow for ordering of goods or support for playing tunes through third-party music applications like Spotify. I'm curious to see how Apple will position this if it's locked down to the Apple ecosystem of products, like Apple Music. tvOS, webOS, watchOS, HomeKit and HealthKit Given the software focus of a developer conference, Apple may dive into a variety of other topics including its smart home platform HomeKit, its health platform HealthKit, tvOS for the Apple TV, watchOS for the Apple Watch and maybe a bit on Apple CarPlay. Speaking of the Apple TV, Apple has been reportedly trying to establish streaming TV deals for a while now, but I'd be surprised if anything came to fruition next week. Finally, my guess is we'll hear a bit more about original content, like Apple's first shows "Carpool Karaoke" and "Planet of the Apps." No iPhones Finally, if you're hoping for new iPhones, you'll need to wait a few more months. Apple will probably stick to its regular schedule of launching new iPhones in September. WATCH: CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test More From CNBC If you scan documents, you need this new Adobe app Skype just got a massive makeover with Snapchat features — here's a first look Check out Halide, a new iPhone camera app you should be using Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next What to Watch for at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Bloomberg Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Here's Everything Apple Could Reveal at WWDC 2017 The Street Want to get rid of irrelevant Mac apps? Here's how to delete them for good Digital Trends In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC One of the most useful features of your iPhone is hidden to the left of the home screen CNBC.com This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider GE Chases "Largest Growth Opportunity in History" Rule Breakers InvestingSponsored What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 12
null
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition Apple Exec Denies Yelling at Rihanna During NBA Finals 1:53 PM PDT 6/2/2017 by Lauren Huff FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Getty Images Eddy Cue, Rihanna Some fans claim Eddy Cue can be seen yelling what they say looks like "Tell that bitch to sit down." Apple executive Eddy Cue is finding himself in hot water with Rihanna fans after Game 1 of the NBA Finals between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers last night. At one point during the game, Cue, who is a longtime Warriors fan, was seen possibly yelling in the direction of singer Rihanna, who is a Cavaliers fan. Cue, senior vp internet software and services at Apple, oversees the company's content stores including the iTunes Store and Apple Music. His love of the Warriors is well documented. During the 2016 NBA Finals, Cue was featured on the cover of The San Francisco Chronicle in a now-iconic shot of him and Warriors point guard Stephen Curry celebrating a win. Fans quickly tweeted about the interaction:  Anyone else see Eddy Cue @cue say "tell that bitch to sit down" after @rihanna was cheering court side? #NBAFinals pic.twitter.com/iwRjjYEqno — BaerFace (@BaerFace) June 2, 2017 Amazing. Rihanna bows to LeBron then hits a dab and small waves a Warriors fan telling her to sit down. pic.twitter.com/q0IyIPIbGK — Rob Perez (@World_Wide_Wob) June 2, 2017 Oh cancelling my Apple Music subscription @cue - no one yells at Rihanna, especially not a grown white man telling her to "sit down" — Eileen Carey (@eileenmcarey) June 2, 2017 @cue I'm never buying anything @Apple @Applesupport related until @rihanna has justice pic.twitter.com/CyMSCe498E — Faiz (@Faiz_Fenty) June 2, 2017 Following the backlash, Cue explained the interaction, tweeting, "Nothing but love for Rihanna (and KD, too!) As usual, I was excited about our lead and actually talking to Marissa, 8 seats to my right." He did not clarify which Marissa he was referring to.  Nothing but love for Rihanna (and KD, too!) As usual I was excited about our lead and actually talking to Marissa, 8 seats to my right. — Eddy Cue (@cue) June 2, 2017 After the game, Rihanna was overheard saying, "The King is still King, bitch!" She was presumably referencing the Cavaliers' LeBron James, whose nickname among fans is King James. Rihanna: "The King is still King, b----!" via @rachelnmarcus pic.twitter.com/woA5DDP87y — Arash Markazi (@ArashMarkazi) June 2, 2017 FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Lauren Huff [email protected] @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Summer Street Fair brings locals out for Apple Valley shopping Saturday Jun 3, 2017 at 5:52 PM Jun 3, 2017 at 5:52 PM Charity Lindsey Staff Writer @DP_Charity APPLE VALLEY — On an upswing since its debut last year, The Village in Apple Valley’s Summer Street Fair saw about 500 attendees on Saturday, enticing locals with live music, classic cars and plenty of shopping. Hosted by The Village and Village property owners, the event was held on Hitt Road, where visitors could stroll through dozens of vendors and get a look at 53 vintage cars that were entered into the show for a chance at several cash prizes. “We want to let people know what’s in the area and bring people together ... The Village merchants get a discount,” Mayor Scott Nassif said Saturday. "It brings awareness to the shopping district, especially for people who may have just moved to the High Desert recently." According to Nassif, the shopping district raises about $251,000 every year that goes toward town improvements and helps put on events like the Street Fair. In between live music sessions from the Phoenix Rising Band, playing atop the flatbed of a tractor trailer, the winners of the car show were announced, with a 1969 Chevy Camaro taking first for “best of show.” The event was put on with support from KVFG-FM Route 103 and CBS Sports Radio 910. Charity Lindsey may be contacted at clindsey@vvdailypress.com or 760-951-6245. Follow her on Twitter @DP_Charity. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry The ‘spaceship’ has landed The ‘spaceship’ has landed In 2004, when the legendary Steve Jobs was walking through Hyde Park in London, he got the inspiration for his company's new headquarters. Apple's former CEO decided to house his company in a new environment where the barrier between building and nature would seamlessly disappear. By: The Financial Express | Published: June 4, 2017 6:20 AM Apple’s former CEO decided to house his company in a new environment where the barrier between building and nature would seamlessly disappear. In 2004, when the legendary Steve Jobs was walking through Hyde Park in London, he got the inspiration for his company’s new headquarters. Apple’s former CEO decided to house his company in a new environment where the barrier between building and nature would seamlessly disappear. Yet, more than that, and much like his revolutionary iPhone, Jobs wanted to create the kind of campus that other companies would aspire for in decades to come. Today, the final vision of the firm’s inimitable founder is almost ready. The new campus is officially named ‘Apple Park’. Before this was announced, the building was widely known as the ‘Spaceship Campus’ because of its flying-saucer-like design. It’s located on the former Hewlett Packard campus in Cupertino, California. In February, Apple had announced that Apple Park will be ready for employees to begin occupying in April. The process has started. However, the task of moving more than 12,000 people will take over six months, say reports. The construction of the buildings and parklands is scheduled to continue through the summer. The large-scale building work is mostly done, though, say reports. Envisioned by Jobs as a centre for creativity and collaboration, Apple Park is transforming miles of asphalt sprawl into a haven of green space in the heart of the Santa Clara Valley. The campus’ ring-shaped, 2.8-million-sq-ft main building is clad entirely in the world’s largest panels of curved glass. One of the most important additions to the park is the ‘Steve Jobs Theater’, a 1,000-seat auditorium. It will no doubt be the site of the company’s future product launches—something Apple promised at its ‘Let us loop you in’ launch event in March 2016. Jobs would have turned 62 years old on February 24. To honour his memory and his enduring influence on Apple and the world, the theatre at Apple Park was decided to be named Steve Jobs Theater, as per the company. Opening later this year, the entrance to the auditorium is a 20-foot-tall glass cylinder, 165 feet in diameter, supporting a metallic carbon-fibre roof. The Steve Jobs Theater is situated atop a hill—one of the highest points within Apple Park—overlooking meadows and the main building. “Steve’s vision for Apple stretched far beyond his time with us. He intended Apple Park to be the home of innovation for generations to come,” Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO, was quoted as saying by a press statement released by the company earlier this year. “The workspaces and parklands are designed to inspire our team as well as benefit the environment. We’ve achieved one of the most energy-efficient buildings in the world and the campus will run entirely on renewable energy.” “Steve was exhilarated and inspired by the California landscape, by its light and its expansiveness. It was his favourite setting for thought. Apple Park captures his spirit uncannily well,” Laurene Powell Jobs, the widow of Jobs, was quoted as saying. “He would have flourished, as the people of Apple surely will, on this luminously-designed campus.” Apple Park will also include a visitors’ centre with an Apple Store and café open to the public, a 100,000-sq-ft fitness centre for Apple employees and secure research and development facilities apart from the theater. The parklands offer two miles of walking and running paths for employees, plus an orchard, meadow and pond within the ring’s interior grounds. Designed in collaboration with Foster+Partners, Apple Park replaces five million square feet of asphalt and concrete with grassy fields and over 9,000 native and drought-resistant trees, and is powered by 100% renewable energy. With 17 megawatts of solar rooftop, Apple Park will run one of the largest on-site solar energy installations in the world. It is also the site of the world’s largest naturally ventilated building, projected to require no heating or air conditioning for nine months of the year. Like with everything else that the company has come out with, Apple Park is an Apple product through and through. The company took great care to make design decisions, and create custom hardware, at many key points, from the massive glass sheets that required the building of a gigantic furnace to the toilets, handles on doors and the pizza boxes in the caféteria. No Comments. Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Reliance Jio aggravated Reliance Communications trouble, but government did everyone in; here's how Talent development: Now possible to envision human and digital tech in a new equation of 1+1=11 Hyperx Cloud Revolver S priced at Rs 12,999 is ideal for serious gamers; here's why Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Swift Playgrounds now controls real-world devices Cupertino, California — Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Next PostNext Developer earnings from the App Store top $70 billion Search Recent Posts Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Conkrite Capital Corporation Appoints Mr. Paul Endres as Director of Condominium Affairs to Help our Organization’s Growth in Ontario, Canada Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Reports Second Quarter Results CUPERTINO, California — May 2, 2017 — Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $2.10. These results compare to revenue of $50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited to welcome attendees from around the world to our annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month in San Jose.” Apple also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the Company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters.  Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of $12.5 billion and returned over $10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another $50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, the Board has increased its share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago. The Company also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units. The Board has approved a 10.5% increase to the Company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of $0.63 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over $211 billion to shareholders, including $151 billion in share repurchases. The Company plans to continue to access the domestic and international debt markets to assist in funding the program. The management team and the Board will continue to review each element of the capital return program regularly and plan to provide an update on the program on an annual basis. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 third quarter:   revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion other income/(expense) of $450 million tax rate of 25.5 percent Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2017 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on May 2, 2017 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ezTalks Video Conferencing Technology Shined at ExpoComm Wireless Japan Next PostNext Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Search Recent Posts Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Conkrite Capital Corporation Appoints Mr. Paul Endres as Director of Condominium Affairs to Help our Organization’s Growth in Ontario, Canada Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Cupertino, California and Espoo, Finland — Nokia and Apple announced today that they have settled all litigation related to their intellectual property dispute and agreed a multi-year patent license. “This is a meaningful agreement between Nokia and Apple,” said Maria Varsellona, Chief Legal Officer at Nokia, responsible for Nokia’s patent licensing business. “It moves our relationship with Apple from being adversaries in court to business partners working for the benefit of our customers.” Under a business collaboration agreement, Nokia will be providing certain network infrastructure product and services to Apple. Apple will resume carrying Nokia digital health products (formerly under the Withings brand) in Apple retail and online stores, and Apple and Nokia are exploring future collaboration in digital health initiatives. Regular summits between top Nokia and Apple executives will ensure that the relationship works effectively and to the benefit of both parties and their customers. “We are pleased with this resolution of our dispute and we look forward to expanding our business relationship with Nokia,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “This agreement will strengthen our collaboration,” said Basil Alwan, President of Nokia’s IP/Optical Networks business. “We look forward to supporting Apple.” While details of the agreement remain confidential, Nokia will receive an up-front cash payment from Apple, with additional revenues during the term of the agreement. The value of the agreement will be reflected partially as patent licensing net sales in Nokia Technologies and partially as net sales in other Nokia business groups. Nokia will follow its existing practices for disclosing patent licensing revenue in its quarterly announcements and expects that revenues for the agreement will start to be recognized in the second quarter of 2017, including an element of non-recurring catch-up revenue. Due to the up-front cash payment from Apple, Nokia intends to provide a comprehensive update of its capital structure optimization program in conjunction with its third quarter 2017 results. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Second Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple’s Swift Playgrounds now controls real-world devices Search Recent Posts Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Worldwide Glass Cleaner Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities Conkrite Capital Corporation Appoints Mr. Paul Endres as Director of Condominium Affairs to Help our Organization’s Growth in Ontario, Canada Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Worldwide Developers Conference Technology WWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 23:50, 3 JUN 2017 Technology (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Every year, thousands of developers from all over the world travel to California for Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). The event is an opportunity for developers to attend workshops with Apple engineers and hear about the latest updates to the software running on iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, Apple TVs and other devices. The event always opens with a keynote session on the first day, where Tim Cook and other senior executives from the company announce any major updates to the software platforms. Rumour has it that Apple may also be planning to unveil some new gadgets at this year's WWDC, so even if you aren't a software developer, it could be worth tuning in. Here's what we know so far about what Apple has in store. Read More Apple WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 conference rumours When is WWDC 2017? Apple Siri smart speaker release date Latest news iOS 11 Apple is expected to unveil a new version of the software that runs on iPhones and iPads, called iOS 11. Details about the new software are scant, but the new operating system is likely to come pre-installed with Apple's video-editing app Clips, which was first unveiled in March. The app lets users add animations, Prisma-style filters and other effects to their video clips, and combine them with photos and music, without the need for complicated editing tools. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an iMessage app for Android, in an bid to challenge WhatsApp's dominance of the instant messaging market. (Photo: Apple) Other rumoured features include changes to Siri, to make it sound more human, a new "dark mode" for helping to reduce eye strain, and some iPad-specific updates, such as expanded support for the Apple Pencil. Read More iOS 10 Should I download iOS 10 update? iOS 10 messages, emojis & invisible ink How to get iOS 10 iOS 10 tips and tricks macOS 10.13 Last year, Apple changed the name of its desktop operating system from Mac OS X to macOS, to bring it in line with its other software platforms. Little is known about what the new version of macOS - thought to be called macOS 10.13 - will offer. One rumoured feature is a new file system called APFS, which was introduced to iOS devices in March. APFS is more efficient at optimising how storage is used by the operating system and apps, and also includes additional features like strong encryption. Read More Thirty-year old prototype Mac SE brought back to life by Apple 'geniuses' watchOS 4 Apple released a new version of watchOS last September, alongside the Apple Watch Series 2. Known as watchOS 3, the update included new apps, new watch faces, a new dock, new activity sharing, a new Breathe app, and a range of navigation and performance improvements. It is thought that WWDC could see Apple introduce more improvements, such as an app that tracks your sleep. However, it is unlikely to be another major update. tvOS 11 Apple is expected to introduce a new version of the streaming device that's capable of playing 4K content at some point this year. But the company could also use WWDC to show us how it aims to catch up with competitors like Roku and Amazon , which have been gaining market share at the expense of Apple's streaming box. Bloomberg reported earlier this year that Apple discarded a number of ideas before shipping the latest version of Apple TV, including previously-reported efforts to turn the streaming device into a full-blown replacement for traditional cable boxes. Apple also looked into shipping the current Apple TV with 4K capabilities, according to Bloomberg, but eventually decided against it because it wanted to preserve its profit margins - a decision that may have hurt the device's sales. Amazon's Fire TV, which retails for $60 less than Apple TV, does support 4K video playback. Read More iPhone 8 'could cost more than $1000' - making it Apple's most expensive handset yet Siri smart speaker Apple is rumoured to be working on a voice-activated smart speaker that will go head-to-head with Amazon Echo and Google Home . Based on Apple's own "intelligent personal assistant" Siri , the speaker will not only play music but act as a hub for the smart home, allowing users to control appliances, locks, lights and thermostats by issuing voice commands. One report from CNET also suggests it will have a built-in camera and facial recognition sensors, allowing it to automatically pull up a user's preferences, such as the music and lighting they like. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a track record of leaking accurate information on Apple products, there is an "over 50% chance" the new speaker will be unveiled at WWDC. Google Home (Photo: Reuters) Kuo added that the device will most likely start selling in the second half of 2017, in order to compete with the new Amazon Echo models expected to launch around that time. "We expect Apple's first home AI product will have excellent acoustics performance (one woofer + seven tweeters) and computing power (similar to iPhone 6/6S AP)," Kuo said in a research note obtained by MacRumors . Amazon Echo Look is the smart selfie camera that criticises your fashion choices "Therefore the product is likely to be positioned for: (i) the high-end market; (ii) better entertainment experience; and (iii) higher price than Amazon Echo." Another prolific Apple leaker, Sonny Dickson, said Apple's smart speaker will be similar in appearance to a Mac Pro, with a concave top, built-in controls, and speaker meshing covering the majority of its surface. The device will run a variation of iOS, according to Dickson, and feature technology from its Beats range of audio equipment. Beats already makes a portable speaker called the Beats Pill, which pairs with a smartphone, tablet or computer over Bluetooth and boasts 12-hour battery life. But with voice control being built into just about everything at the moment, it's no surprise Apple could be planning to up its game in the audio department. iPad Pro Although WWDC tends to focus on software, Ming-Chi Kuo claims there is a greater than 70% chance that Apple will introduce the long-rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro at the event. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is rumoured to have a body that's similar in size to the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but with much narrower bezels, meaning the display takes up almost all of the screen. A new iPad Pro could also feature upgraded processors, improved cameras, and improved hardware and software features - perhaps including a second-generation Apple Pencil. MacBooks Finally, there have been some rumours that Apple could update its MacBook lines at WWDC. According to a report from Bloomberg , Apple is considering new models of the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors, and is even considering reviving the MacBook Air. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Bloomberg LP Amazon Google Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Apple TV iOS iPhone Technology all Most Read Most Recent FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" One Love ManchesterAriana Grande reveals how emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love Manchester The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterPolice officers and security guards delight crowd at One Love Manchester gig with their hilarious dance moves The officials bust a move as Coldplay performed Viva La Vida at the star-studded benefit gig organised by Ariana Grande TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA FacebookThere's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you What messages are lurking in your secret inbox? Find out who's been trying to contact you on the social network TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8 tips and tricks - including one-handed mode, split-screen multitasking and taking a screenshot The Samsung Galaxy S8 is one of the most feature-packed smartphones you can buy. Here are a few nifty tips and tricks to get you started Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Worldwide Developers Conference Technology When is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 23:40, 3 JUN 2017 Technology Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook discusses the iPhone (Photo: Reuters/Beck Diefenbach)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The annual World Wide Developer's Conference is a chance for programmers working on MacOS and iOS to get together and experiment with building stuff. It's also a chance for Apple to reveal some of the things it's been working on in the last year and what it's planning for the future. And, given how secretive Apple is the rest of the time; the conference is an important mark in the calendar for tech fans. Apple has confirmed that WWDC will run from June 5-9 in San Jose, California. When is the Apple keynote? Apple's WWDC 2017 will take place between June 5 and June 9. In previous years, Apple has held the event in San Francisco, However, this year, it will be held at the McEnery Convention Centre in San Jose, California. (Photo: Apple) The Apple boss will take to the stage on June 5th at 10am Pacific time - which translates to 6pm here in the UK. Read More Apple WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 conference rumours When is WWDC 2017? Apple Siri smart speaker release date Latest news How can I watch it? Apple CEO Tim Cook on stage during a keynote address Read More Apple boss Tim Cook spotted testing the Apple Watch's next big feature - and it could be a game changer for diabetics As with previous Apple keynote addresses, the whole event will be livestreamed on the Apple website. But you need to make sure your device is compatible with the stream. If you're using a Mac, it needs to be running on OS X 10 8.5 or later and have Safari 6.0.5 or later installed. PC users will need to have the Microsoft Edge browser installed on a Windows 10 device If you're planning on using an iOS device like an iPad or an iPhone, you'll need Safari on iOS 7 or later. You'll also be able to stream it over Apple TV. Read More WWDC 2017: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference What will be announced? Apple App Store on iphone (Photo: VHX) iPhone 8 hands-on video offers a glimpse of what Apple's next device could look like Because WWDC is a developer's conference, the announcements will focus on software rather than hardware. Apple is expected to unveil the next versions of its mobile and desktop operating systems. The former will likely be called iOS 11 while the latter is rumoured to be called macOS 10.13. Alongside this are possible improvements to the watchOS and tvOS that cover the Apple Watch and Apple TV products. We may get brand new OS versions or simple refinements and upgrades to the existing packages. The big rumour is that Apple will unveil an Amazon Echo-like smart speaker that uses the Siri voice assistant from the iPhone. Read More Is the Steve Jobs hype over? Rare Apple 1 computer fetches less than £100,000 at auction Apple's Tim Cook holds up Brandon Moss' 100th career home run during the keynote speech at the Worldwide Developers Conference (Photo: TNS /Landov / Barcroft Media) One report from CNET also suggests it will have a built-in camera and facial recognition sensors, allowing it to automatically pull up a user's preferences, such as the music and lighting they like. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a track record of leaking accurate information on Apple products, there is an "over 50% chance" the new speaker will be unveiled at WWDC. We're not so sure - but then we don't have to wait long to find out. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Tim Cook Apple TV iOS iOS 7 Technology all Most Read Most Recent FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" One Love ManchesterAriana Grande reveals how emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love Manchester The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterPolice officers and security guards delight crowd at One Love Manchester gig with their hilarious dance moves The officials bust a move as Coldplay performed Viva La Vida at the star-studded benefit gig organised by Ariana Grande TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA FacebookThere's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you What messages are lurking in your secret inbox? Find out who's been trying to contact you on the social network TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8 tips and tricks - including one-handed mode, split-screen multitasking and taking a screenshot The Samsung Galaxy S8 is one of the most feature-packed smartphones you can buy. Here are a few nifty tips and tricks to get you started Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple’s WWDC 2017: Here’s what to expect The Next Web Bryan Clark 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by The Next Web On Monday, Apple will kick off its World Wide Developer Conference (WWDC) with a keynote presentation that features the company’s top brass taking the stage to make us ooh and aah over the latest and greatest in macOS and iOS — and typically tvOS and watchOS as well. The event is often all about software, but we’re hearing some rumblings that we could see some hardware news as well, perhaps in the form of a completely new product. Our best guess is the Siri speaker, which would serve as Apple’s Siri-driven smart home hub, a competitor to Google Home and Amazon Echo. Although we’ve heard rumors about a 10.5-inch iPad Pro as well. Popular Searches General Motors Co GM ▲ 34.45 +0.02 +0.06% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% General Electric Co GE ▲ 27.88 +0.16 +0.58% Herbalife Ltd HLF ▼ 73.92 -0.19 -0.26% While we’re short on substantiated rumors this year, we will be on the ground covering the event live starting at 10am PT/1pm ET on Monday (June 5). But for now, here’s what we know (or think we know), based on how certain we are: Highly likely iOS 11 iOS is rumored to receive a complete overhaul, but we doubt that’s going to happen. Instead, you should expect updates to Messages, new features in Photos, and enhanced stylus support. We’ve heard musings that apps like Mail and Safari could even use a stylus similar to Samsung’s S Pen for mobile annotations. This could be highly useful if Apple’s social network/chat app is a thing. Apple is rumored to be working on a social networking app similar to Snapchat or Instagram with an emphasis on sharing photos and video — with doodles, stickers, and the like — with friends. Adding a “dark mode” would be a big hit too. This is less a feature at this point, and more a setup for the upcoming OLED iPhone screen. Much like Apple Watch, the company could use dark mode as a way of conserving battery by not having to light all the pixels on the phone. Load Error Another rumor, which we can’t be sure about, is the rumored peer-to-peer payment system. If true, this would be Apple’s entry into a market dominated by Venmo and Square Cash, and could ultimately prove to be a huge boon to Apple Pay. An all-encompassing payment system on a mobile device is something we’ve been dreaming about for years, and this could actually be it. We can also expect some iPad Pro-specific updates. Of these, I think we’re most likely to see drag-and-drop support, better multi-tasking, and perhaps multi-user support. This is, after all, the future of computing — or so Apple says. macOS 10.13 The changes to macOS are expected to be incremental in nature, much like the past two updates. It seems we’re overdue for a game-changing new feature or perhaps a visual refresh, but it doesn’t seem as though WWDC 2017 is where it’ll happen. Instead, you can expect the usual polish feature updates and a coat of polish, although Mail seems to be the most likely native app to receive some sort of overhaul. Fingers crossed. tvOS 11 and watchOS 4 Not much going on in the rumor mill surrounding these two, although it seems likely Apple will announce it’s buried the hatchet with Amazon, and we’ll get Prime Video on AppleTV (finally). As for Watch, I’d expect additional usability upgrades to better make use of existing feature. Seems likely Apple Music Jimmy Lovine, in an interview with Bloomberg, hinted at an Apple Music refresh that emphasizes more video content. The timing seems to measure up. Two Apple original shows are scheduled to release this year: Carpool Karaoke (August 8) and Planet of the Apps, which we’ll possibly get a launch date for on Monday. Siri speaker Apple doesn’t have a horse in the smart speaker race dominated by Amazon and Google. Plan on Tim Cook remedying that by introducing a speaker powered by none other than Siri. It’s said to feature virtual surround sound for high quality audio in smaller spaces that might not be a logical fit for a 5.1 or 7.1 surround set up. It’ll also function as a hub for HomeKit, the smart home system Apple’s been touting since last year. 10.5-inch iPad Pro This one could just as easily have gone into the next category, a section where we’re hearing a lot of buzz, but not all that sure about the legitimacy of it. Given the reliability of Apple analyst Ming Chi Kuo, I’m inclined to add it into the “likely” category. According to Kuo, Apple has been working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that reportedly encompasses the same footprint of the 9.7-inch version due to its tiny bezels. Whether this model is a bridge between the existing two sizes, or intended to be a replacement for one (or both) remains to be seen. Still, though, WWDC isn’t typically when we hear about new iPads, so I certainly have my reservations here. Then again, the company did release an off-schedule iPad refresh to the standard model in March, so it’s hard to say. MacBook and/or MacBook Pro I thought we’d probably see updates to the MacBook (and Pro) this fall, but it could happen at WWDC instead. If so, expect something in line with a spec bump –perhaps to new Kaby Lake processors, and the option to upgrade to 32GB of RAM — rather than new MacBooks, It’s also possible we’ll see a mid-life spec bump, and a complete refresh next spring. Possibly? Mac Pro refresh This one is doubtful, but it’s not impossible to be a surprise move pulled off by Apple after admitting its mistake with the “trashcan” Mac Pro. I still think it’s more likely the company holds true to its word and we see this more toward the middle or end of 2018 though. MacBook Air The Air has sort of languished in a state that leads most to believe it’ll be discontinued. Some are actually larger than new MacBooks, which seems to suggest they’re no longer needed. Thing is, the MacBook Air is still selling surprisingly well, although that’s probably due to it being the only Apple laptop under $1,000. Rumors suggest it may get a spec bump to Kaby Lake and perhaps more RAM. We’d also love to see a switch to USB-C, but it doesn’t seem Apple is all that motivated to keep the Air around for the long haul, so it probably isn’t happening. But if we’re going to wish for new features, we’d be remiss if we forgot the paltry 1440×900 resolution the current Air is sporting. What is this, 2010? Probably not iPhone SE The timing lines up perfectly to release a new iPhone SE, but it’s probably not going to happen. This fall, at the iPhone event, Apple is rumored to be releasing three new iPhones, and you’d have to assume the SE would be one of them. Plus, it’s the 10th anniversary of the mobile device, so one would assume Apple would go big here and not want to cut into sales by releasing the SE a few months before its big event. iMac The iMac is also due for an update, but it seems increasingly unlikely you’re not going to see it at WWDC.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Insider Selling: CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Director Sells 14,500 Shares of Stock Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Reduced by FBR & Co Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AQR Capital Management LLC Buys 161,560 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Healthcare Trust Of America Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (HTA) Cormark Weighs in on Secure Energy Services Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SES) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Terex Co. (TEX) Boosted by Analyst Kayne Anderson Energy Development Co. (KED) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Insider Buys $260,400.00 in Stock ITV (ITVPY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Intrepid Potash, Inc. (IPI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades tronc Inc (TRNC) to Hold Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.48 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (HLT) Brokers Offer Predictions for Littelfuse, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (LFUS) Brokerages Set Opko Health Inc. (OPK) PT at $15.64 Nevsun Resources (NSU) Receives C$4.93 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Bought by Middleton & Co Inc MA AQR Capital Management LLC Buys 161,560 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) June 3rd, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 6,605,140 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 161,560 shares during the period. Apple accounts for 1.1% of AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 2nd largest position. AQR Capital Management LLC owned 0.13% of Apple worth $765,008,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Bailard Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 23.2% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 181,502 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $20,519,000 after buying an additional 34,162 shares during the period. Stanford Investment Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 25.9% in the fourth quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. now owns 98,014 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $11,352,000 after buying an additional 20,176 shares during the period. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Apple by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC now owns 13,481 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,561,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the period. Waratah Capital Advisors Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $8,304,000. Finally, Sandhill Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Apple by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Sandhill Capital Partners LLC now owns 5,705 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $661,000 after buying an additional 560 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get Apple Inc. alerts: Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ AAPL) traded up 1.48% during trading on Friday, reaching $155.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 27,770,715 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $149.57 and a 200-day moving average of $132.53. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. The stock has a market cap of $810.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 33.20% and a net margin of 20.85%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.62%. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is presently 27.31%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “AQR Capital Management LLC Buys 161,560 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL)” was published by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/03/apple-inc-aapl-shares-bought-by-aqr-capital-management-llc-updated-updated-updated.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on AAPL. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $160.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday. ValuEngine upgraded shares of Apple from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday. Guggenheim restated a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Longbow Research reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $159.65. In other Apple news, insider Luca Maestri sold 6,308 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.83, for a total transaction of $894,663.64. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 2,665 shares in the company, valued at approximately $377,976.95. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at $22,806,085.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 430,705 shares of company stock worth $64,608,919. Company insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Cody Lee on June 3, 2017 3 Apple is expected to announce plans next week to make Siri work with a larger variety of apps, reports Reuters. Currently the digital assistant integrates with apps from just six categories: ride sharing, messaging, photo search, payments, fitness and auto infotainment. The move will make Siri more competitive against other assistants, such as Amazon’s Alexa, which is capable of handling some 12,000 different tasks. Apple has taken criticism for lagging behind other tech giants in the AI space, and next week it looks to close the gap. In addition to announcing improved app support for Siri, Apple is also expected to unveil an Echo-like speaker featuring the assistant. Reports have said that it is cylinder in shape, like the latest Mac Pro, and it features a high-end sound system and a dedicated touch panel. Apple’s WWDC keynote begins on Monday, June 5 at 10am PDT. Be sure to join us as we cover the event, and all subsequent announcements, live. Also make sure you check out our inaugural WWDC Fantasy Draft. Source: Reuters Tagged: App Store Apps Apple Apps iPhone News Rumors Siri WWDC MORE FROM iDB WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Instagram rolls out selfie filters, rewind option for videos, hashtag sticker & eraser brush WhatsApp for iPhone gains Siri voice support for reading new messages & other new features So Young I dont know where is all the buzz for voice commands about, it was cool on the iphone 4s back in 2011 and I still use it sometimes for basic stuff, but I realy don’t need more than that. I just hope it will not be the “big” improvement for ios 11. Techsticles Siri disappoints every single day, especially on the Watch. Please hold on…. Apple wants to add support for other apps, Siri can’t even read news headlines from Apple News. Swanny246 Wait, what? You’re complaining because Apple wants to expand support to other apps, because Siri doesn’t support x app? That makes no sense. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Apple Bozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says David Z. Morris Jun 03, 2017 Bozoma Saint John, one of the most visible Apple executives not named Tim Cook or Jony Ive, will leave the company, according to a new report from business news website Axios. Saint John, head of Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, was one of Fortune’s 40 Under 40 last year after making a splash with a presentation showcasing Apple Music at its World Wide Developers Conference. She also spoke at Fortune's Most Powerful Women: Next Gen summit. Apple has not yet responded to a Fortune inquiry about the departure. Apple declined to comment on the original Axios report. Saint John’s departure would be a significant blow to Apple’s battle for mindshare among music services. Prior to moving to Apple, Saint John was a music-industry rainmaker who helped engineer Beyonce’s 2013 Super Bowl appearance and promotional deal with PepsiCo, at which Saint John served as head of music and entertainment marketing. After joining Apple as part of its 2014 acquisition of Beats, Saint John helped bring together Mary J. Blige and Empire star Taraji P. Henson for a widely discussed commercial series. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. Apple Music made significant strides against competitors including Spotify and Pandora during Saint John's tenure at the company. In December 2016 Apple reported 20 million paying subscribers, a substantial increase from the 9 million it started the year with though still well behind Spotify. One marketing company claims Apple's total users went on to more than double this year thanks to a free trial promotion, though that analysis is disputed. The departure of Saint John, who was born in Ghana, would also have implications for Apple’s efforts toward diversity in staffing. Like the rest of the technology industry, Apple has received its fair share of scrutiny for the perception that it’s dominated by white men. (For example, of the 18 people listed and photographed on the Leadership page of Apple's website, 15 are men.) Though the company's overall racial inclusiveness is not too shabby compared to its peers, only 32% of all Apple employees were women as of mid-2016. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more Yoni Heisler BGR News June 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share In absolutely fascinating thread, a Foxconn insider took to the Apple subreddit earlier today and dished out a treasure trove of information regarding upcoming product launches and refreshes. And while skeptics might reasonably point out that anyone can proclaim to be an ‘insider’, this particular user verified his identity with moderators after supplying requisite evidence and supporting documentation. The entire thread is enthralling and provides us with a rare sneak peek at Apple’s relatively secretive supply chain. The thread is currently live and will continue to be updated until tomorrow morning. In the meantime, we’ve pored over hundreds of comments to glean some of the more interesting information available. Don't Miss: AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers So without further ado, let’s dive right in. First up, we have Apple’s rumored smart glasses. Rumors regarding Apple’s interest in manufacturing a pair of smart glasses first surfaced late last year, with a purported launch date in the 2018-2019 time frame. According to our fearless leaker, Apple’s smart glasses may come in three colors — crystal, champagne and black — and will be available in varying sizes for both men and women. Based on the bill of materials, the Foxconn insider speculates that the product would probably cost somewhere in the $600 range, that is assuming that it actually gets released. Unfortunately, word is that Apple’s smart glasses initiative might be delayed, if not cancelled altogether. When asked about the likelihood Apple’s smart glasses might be cancelled, and why they are so unique, the leaker responded: 65%. Very unique design, if it can be done properly will be like what the iphone did 10 years ago. When asked a follow-up question about why Apple’s smart glasses would be revolutionary, the Foxconn leaker flatly stated it will deliver augmented reality to the masses. Up next, we have the iPhone 8, arguably the most anticipated iPhone model since Steve Jobs introduced the original 10 years ago. Not to fear, the Foxconn insider notes that all of the rumors and alleged leaks pointing to an iPhone 8 design with a fingerprint sensor on the back are nothing more than “misinformation.” That said, we can look forward to an iPhone 8 featuring Touch ID on the front of the device itself, albeit under the screen. 3GB of RAM, as previously rumored, was also confirmed. What’s more, the leaker adds that the iPhone 8 will come with support for Lightning as opposed to USB-C. Nonetheless, fast-charging will be an option. Aesthetically, the Foxconn leaker says the final design will look similar to this. The leaker later added that the final design will more or less look similar to the design featured in the middle below. Regarding the upcoming iPhone 7s, that device will reportedly not support wireless charging. Third, we have some Mac hardware to contend with. On the iMac front, it appears that Apple has some spec enhancements lined up for later this year with a “full hardware design” and smart keys feature being targeted for a 2018 release. As far as notebooks are concerned, Apple is prepping updates to the entirety of its notebook line, including the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Air, and the MacBook. Read More Regarding Apple’s rumored Siri-based speaker, it will reportedly house an A9 processor and will be about the same size as Apple’s trashcan Mac Pro design. Seemingly corroborating previous reports, the Foxconn leaker believes that while Apple may introduce the product next week at WWDC, it won’t likely launch until later in the year. As to whether or not the device will include a screen, the leaker notes that Apple tested three different designs, one of which did not have a screen. In other words, we’ll probably have to wait until Monday to know for certain. Clearly, Apple has some interesting products in the pipeline and we’ll keep you updated once the Foxconn insider returns and answers more questions. Trending right now: AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online BGR News 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Apple May Unveil New Hardware at WWDC Don Reisinger Fortune June 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share It’s the calm before the storm for Apple. But that hasn’t stopped the rumors. on Monday will hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, Calif. While the show has historically focused on software, like Apple’s iOS and macOS operating systems, several recent rumors suggest hardware like new iPads and a new smart home hub may feature prominently on stage. But there’s more going on than just WWDC. Apple CEO Tim Cook has responded to this week’s decision by President Donald Trump to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. And at long last, Apple has shared the premiere date for its upcoming Web series, Carpool Karaoke. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter Read on for this week’s biggest Apple headlines: Apple on Monday could unveil a new smart home hub that would let users control smart home devices like light bulbs, set reminders for events, and interact with music playlists. The device would be powered by Apple’s virtual personal assistant Siri and will come with high-quality (and loud) speakers, Bloomberg reported this week, citing sources. While Apple will reportedly unveil the device at the show, it likely won’t release the Siri-powered gadget until later this year. The smart home device could be announced alongside new iPad Pro models, including one with a 10.5-inch screen. Existing iPad Pro models have 9.7- and 12.9-inch screens. Apple could be to blame for the widespread Nintendo Switch shortage, according to a Wall Street Journal report this week. The Journal‘s sources said that suppliers of memory, liquid-crystal displays, and other components are filling Apple’s orders before Nintendo’s, forcing the video game company to wait for components for its popular Switch game console. Nintendo has said that Switch supply will remain low through the end of the year, and if supply chain sources are correct, Apple may be the reason. One of Qualcomm’s top engineers has left the company to join Apple. The iPhone maker, which is embroiled in an international dispute with Qualcomm, recently hired Esin Terzioglu to work in an undisclosed capacity at the company. Terzioglu previously led Qualcomm’s communications chip business. After President Trump announced this week that he would withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord, Apple’s CEO reiterated his company’s commitment to the environment. He said that “climate change is real,” adding that he was “disappointed” by the president’s decision. Cook is said to have called the president at the White House earlier this week to lobby him to stay in the Paris Climate agreement. This is Fortune's weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week's roundup, click here. One more thing…Apple’s long-awaited Carpool Karaoke series will debut on Aug. 8. The series will be available on Apple Music, which started as a music-streaming service, but also accommodates videos and streaming shows. Apple had reportedly planned to premiere the show in the spring, and, in April announced that it would be delayed until later in 2017. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com Nintendo Switch Online Gaming Will Be Available Much Later Than Expected Microsoft's Xbox Console Is Getting Some News Google Is Facing a Hefty Fine From the EU Over Its Shopping Service Apple's Siri Speaker Could Be Getting Ready for Prime Time Google Chromecast is Getting Some More Virtual Reality Love Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next What to Watch for at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Bloomberg Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Here's Everything Apple Could Reveal at WWDC 2017 The Street Want to get rid of irrelevant Mac apps? Here's how to delete them for good Digital Trends In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes GE Chases "Largest Growth Opportunity in History" Rule Breakers InvestingSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Big Tobacco's Punishment: A Long Time Coming MONEY MORNINGSponsored What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 12
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Tim Cook: 'Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it' Karissa Bell Mashable•June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Apple CEO Tim Cook is the latest tech executive to fire back at Donald Trump for pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement. In a letter to employees obtained by Mashable, Apple's top executive expressed his "disappointment" with the decision and said he tried, unsuccessfully, to talk the president out of it earlier in the week. SEE ALSO: 8 things Trump said about the Paris Climate Agreement that are total BS "I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough," Cook wrote. Like other business leaders, Cook promised Apple would continue to invest in renewable energy and other initiatives aimed at reducing the environmental footprint of the electronics giant. Apple has previously pledged to clean up its supply chain and said it intends to stop mining rare earth metals — commitments Cook also reiterated in his letter. Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 "Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment." You can read the full note below. WATCH: World travelers will love this suitcase that doubles as a scooter View photos Https%3a%2f%2fvdist.aws.mashable.com%2fcms%2f2017%2f5%2f1c879330 be01 2409%2fthumb%2f00001More Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,167 reactions12%67%21% Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 173 reactions5%68%27% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,628 reactions6%76%18% Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 356 reactions4%78%18% Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,711 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 45 reactions4%63%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 125 reactions3%79%18% This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 11 reactions0%67%33% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,871 reactions4%55%41% President Trump admits his executive order is a ban and somewhere, his lawyers are crying 1,328 reactions4%64%32% 17 Pastors Who Were Caught Doing The Unthinkable www.trend-chaser.comSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 11 reactions8%67%25% Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 12
null
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say News 2017-06-04 Muslim Protest In London Against Radical Islam Staged By ‘CNN’? [Breaking] News 2017-06-04 Whole Foods Lawsuit: Woman Sues For ‘Excessively Hot Tea’ While Other Customers Complain About Price News 2017-06-04 Neighbor Fatally Shoots Man Attempting To Drown 3-Month-Old Twins In Bathtub Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 MLB Trade Rumors: Miami Marlins Willing To Deal Star Players Including Christian Yelich And Giancarlo Stanton? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 Thames, Davies Lead Brewers Past Dodgers, 3-0 Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Beware: ‘Overwatch’ Players Attacked By DDOS To Secure Rank Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 10.5-inch iPad Pro And iPad Pro 2 Highly Likely To Debut Next Week Gadgets 1 0 0 June 3, 2017 10.5-inch iPad Pro And iPad Pro 2 Highly Likely To Debut Next Week Ronald Cress Apple is holding its annual event called Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) next week, and although it normally focuses on software, there are reports saying that it is set to introduce at least two new iPad Pro variants. Mac Rumors reports that four devices have been registered under iOS 10, suggesting that this could include the iPad Pro 2 and the 10.5-inch variant that are being expected. Of course, there are other pieces of evidence supporting these claims. Apple fans are pretty much confident right now that the two Pro variants mentioned above are making an appearance sometime soon, if not next week. There are little known details about each one, but leaks and murmurs provide a good picture of what we can expect on their reveal. 10.5-inch iPad Pro Will Not Be Bezel-less The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is just that – a tablet with the capacity of an iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch display. This is new in a sense that the others in the lineup have 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch screens. But it should not be too different inside except for the current-gen parts like the A10X processor that will also arrive in other variants. It will also likely adopt the True Tone display from its 9.7-inch sibling. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] According to Phone Arena, the bezels will be considerably slimmer, but not to the point of ditching them completely as we previously believed. And no, the 10.5-inch screen will not be crammed into the 9.7-inch iPad Pro’s chassis. The new variant is still expected to be bigger than its sibling, but not by a lot since the bezels will be reduced to accommodate the larger screen. The Inquisitr also previously reported that Apple might be thinking of embedding the fingerprint sensor on the screen so that the physical home button can be removed. However, reports now believe otherwise. The home button is likely staying with the Touch ID at the front of the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The fan-made render below is pretty much what we expect to see once it has been officially revealed. 10.5-inch iPad Pro | Updated Render pic.twitter.com/5j4T614nO9 — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 23, 2017 iPad Pro 2 Refreshed With Slight Improvements The iPad Pro successor is long overdue but it looks like it is finally coming alongside the new iPad Pro variant in WWDC. Not much changes are expected to happen, but at the least, we can look forward to the A10X processor and the True Tone display like the 10.5-inch model. We may also see reduced bezel sizes to keep the facade of all iPad Pros uniform. The home button and Touch ID are also likely to remain on the same spot. What might be the biggest change to come to iPad Pro 2 are added Apple Pencil functionalities with an enhanced Pencil as well. Small adjustments like new stereo speakers and re-positioning the mic are also expected on both models. Two Other iPad Pros Expected As Well The two iPad Pros registered under iOS 10 are now accounted for, but what about the other two? As aforementioned, four devices have been spotted, which means there is a high possibility that four variants are going to be introduced in WWDC 2017. Looking at previous rumors, the other two models could be the iPad Pro Mini version, really just the iPad Mini reconfigured for the enterprise market, and a refreshed 9.7-inch iPad Pro, which is also now due. Likewise, they are not going to be modified heavily – just a couple of updates. [Image by Apple] However, four new tablets will make for a rather crowded lineup what with the 9.7-inch iPad 2017 unveiled in March. Although it is for the more casual users rather than professionals, does Apple really need four devices with almost the same capabilities in different screen sizes? What do you think? Do you believe there are more tablets other than the 10.5-inch iPad Pro and the iPad Pro 2? We’ll find out in WWDC 2017 on June 5-9 in San Jose, California. [Featured Image by Eric Risberg/AP Images] Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Ronald Cress Tags: Apple, iPad Pro 2, wwdc May 9, 2013 Student Lectures Teacher: ‘You Gotta Make Kids Excited’ For What You Teach [Video] May 9, 2013 Filomena Tobias, Heat Fan And Classy Human Being, Has An Interesting Backstory Comments LATEST HEADLINES Scott Disick: Kourtney Claims He’s Only Thinking About Sex, Bans Him From Seeing Children Tori Spelling And Dean McDermott Ordered To Pay $220000 To City National Bank In Default Judgment North Carolina Man Arrested, Accused Of Murdering Wife, Dad With Ax Inside Home ‘American Gods’ Plays God With Neil Gaiman’s Mortals – What Are Laura And Shadow Moon? Kylie Jenner Wants Tyga Back: Travis Scott Romance Ending When Ex-Couple Reconcile Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Beware: ‘Overwatch’ Players Attacked By DDOS To Secure Rank Watch: Toyota Tests ‘Flying Car,’ Final Product Should Be Ready By 2020 Vanessa Williams, 54, Shows Curves, Detests Wearing Bikini While Filming New Comedy-Drama Trump Poll Shows Support Of Military Communities Fading As Ratings Collapse After Overseas Bump Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.2k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 5.8k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Dr Dennis Simmons * Dental Implants * Free Oral Cancer Screenings * More Tags... Industry News * Health * More Industries... News By Location * Apple Valley   Minnesota   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 29 Brite Smiles Dental Care Increases Awareness of Oral Cancer   APPLE VALLEY, Minn. - June 3, 2017 - PRLog -- Brite Smiles Dental Care in Apple Valley, is alerting the public to the problem of oral cancer and promoting a special offer. April is National Oral Cancer Awareness Month. This cancer can affect anyone, regardless of whether or not they drink or use tobacco. The Oral Cancer Foundation reports that the reason this particular disease is so dangerous is because the average person is not aware of its existence and when they find out that they have it, the cancer is already well developed. Dr. Dennis Simmons, owner of Brite Smiles Dental Care stated, "We want to make sure that the public is aware of the dangers of oral cancer. And we want to help them with early detection by offering the test at no charge. For the summer, we're offering Free Oral Cancer Screenings to patients who refer a family member or a friend to our office as a new patient. Their family member or friend will get a free Cancer Screening also! Give us a call for more details!" Dr. Dennis Simmons graduated from the University Of Minnesota School Of Dentistry in 1976, receiving the Class Honor in prosthetics – dentures partial and full. Since then, he has participated in over 3,000 hours of continuing education courses, focusing primarily on cosmetic and reconstructive surgery, dental implants and implant-supported restorations, orthodontics, extractions, crown/bridge, root canals, bite and TMJ disorders and sleep apnea. For his studies, he has been honored with the status of "Diplomate" from the International Congress of Oral Implantology and the International Osseous (bone) Integration Society. For more information on dental services from Brite Smiles Dental Care, visit http://britesmilesdentalcare.com, or call 952-891-8484. Contact Brite Smiles Dental CAre ***@ca.rr.com End Source : Brite Smiles Dental CAre Email : ***@ca.rr.com Tags : Dr Dennis Simmons, Dental Implants, Free Oral Cancer Screenings Industry : Health Location : Apple Valley - Minnesota - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Brite Smiles Dental Care News Brite Smiles Dental Care Remembers Dr. Carl E. Misch Brite Smiles Dental Care Asks if You Got New Front Teeth for Christmas Brite Smiles Dental Care Urges Public to Get Regular Dental Care Brite Smiles Dental Care Now Offering FastBraces® Turbo™ Braces Brite Smiles Educates the Public on Flossing Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views Jun 03, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Masako Wakamiya, the oldest attendee of Apple's annual developer conference. Apple This 82-Year-Old Woman Is WWDC’s Oldest Attendee Leena Rao Jun 03, 2017 Retired banker Masako Wakamiya was frustrated by the lack of mobile games that catered to the elderly, who have a tougher time keeping up with the action-packed games that are popular with teens. So the 82-year-old from Japan started taking online tutorials to learn how to write software code. "I didn't see any apps for the elderly, so I decided to create my own," Wakamiya told Fortune. Wakamiya, who first started using computers when she was 60-years-old, ultimately created a game in March that is based on the Japanese doll festival, Hinamatsuri, a holiday that celebrates the health and well-being of girls. And to appeal to older players, its pace is slow and its narrator speaks slowly. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. Wakamiya will be the oldest developer attending WWDC, Apple's annual developer conference that starts Monday in San Jose, Calif. Like many of her fellow attendees, Wakamiya's free app, called Hinadan, is available in Apple's App Store, and she is eager to create more. In contrast, the youngest attendee at this's year's WWDC is Yuma Soerianto, a 10-year old boy from Melbourne, Australia who started coding at age six by following online courses on Code.org and from Stanford University that he found on Apple iTunes U, which provides free college courses online. In four years, he has created four apps for Apple's App Store, including Weather Duck, a weather app for kids. During his nearly 20-hour journey to San Francisco for the conference, Soerianto created another app that lets users easily calculate the sales tax on what they're thinking of buying. Wakamiya and Soerianto are attending WWDC this year as part of an Apple scholarship program that gives hundreds of free tickets to developers worldwide who create apps for Apple devices. Apple has been making a big effort to increase diversity at WWDC, which like most tech conferences, has mostly attended by white and Asian males. This year's WWDC is the most international yet, according to Apple, and has the most students from elementary, middle and high schools. But the company declined to provide any numbers around the increase in international attendees or students. Still. Apple feels it's making progress. "I feel like we are really starting to making a change," Esther Hare, Apple's senior director of developer marketing at Apple, said in an interview with Fortune. The scholarships are also part of Apple's push to get younger people to use Apple products and services. In 2016, Apple released a new iOS app called Swift Playgrounds that teaches children and young adults how to create mobile apps using Apple's own developer language, Swift. A few weeks ago, Apple announced that it had created a course for learning Swift at six U.S. community colleges. For Apple, the benefit of attracting young engineers to develop iOS apps is similar to convincing them to use the latest iPhone and MacBook. The company wants to attract loyal developers who will create interesting apps for iOS and expand the technology giant's mobile app ecosystem. These developers can also be evangelists for Apple's services. It's already happening with 10-year-old Soerianto. In August 2016, he created his own YouTube channel called “Anyone Can Code," where he posts video tutorials about how to create iOS apps using Swift. "It used to be that you were cool if you had the latest and greatest thing, and now it's cool to actually be creating the greatest thing," said Hare. But it's not just youth that Apple is looking for. "We need developers from all different backgrounds," Hare added, which is why she's excited about Wakamiya's passion for creating apps. Although she only debuted her first app a few months ago, Wakamiya says she already has other ideas for mobile apps. And she hopes to learn more about how to write the code for it during the coming week at WWDC. "Technology has now become my new hobby, " Wakamiya said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv What to expect from Apple’s big annual event next week – Business Insider Posted on Jun 3 2017 - 10:02am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 53 Related Microsoft accidentally drops broken desktop, mobile Windows Insider builds – iTnews Business Insider Apple CEO Tim Cook and other executives will deliver a keynote in front of thousands of developers, journalists, and Apple employees. Apple holds this summit once a year to speak directly people who make software for iPhones, iPads, and Macs, and … What to expect at Apple’s big event MondayCNNMoney How iOS 11 could change the iPhoneCNET Even If the Siri Speaker Sucks You’ll Want ItGizmodo PCMag –Fortune –AppleInsider (press release) (blog) –Reuters all 557 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Golden State vs Cleveland Cavaliers 2017 NBA Finals Game 2 Live Vlog LeBron James Congratulates Steve Kerr On NBA Finals Game 2 2017 Return Manchester Benefit On YouTube Brings The World Together #OneManchester Jeffrey Campbell Educated Rapper Of UTFO "Roxanne, Roxanne" Passes At 54 California Supreme Court Gave Oakland Eminent Domain Right To NFL Raiders With Proof Of Public Use Are American And European Right-Wing Operatives Financing Muslim Terrorists For Political Gain? Wonder Woman Box Office At $100 Million Record For Female Director Patty Jenkins Plannning SF Bay Area Events Call Mirror Corp Events in San Francisco Wonder Woman Movie Review Gal Godot Leads Best DC Comics Movie To Date Jeremy Maclin Released By Chiefs - Eagles Fans Call For His Return NFL News Dalvin Cook, Chris Godwin Sign With Vikings, Bucs Chiefs Release Jeremy Maclin NFL News http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.1 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3     Related Articles Dealing with Lion’s Hidden Library (20 Jul 11)     Published in TidBITS 1364. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. DealBITS Drawing: Win a Copy of Letter Opener for macOS Mail Apple Drops Cylindrical Mac Pro Prices by $1000 Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency Verizon to Drop Email Service TextExpander by Subscription One Year Later TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 10 April 2017 ExtraBITS for 10 April 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Problem Solving | 07 Apr 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (4) Colonel Mustard in the Library with the Shift Key by Adam C. Engst I love a good mystery… as long as it has a solution. The case of the Library’s changing modifier key had me stumped for a while, but thankfully, our buddy Rob Griffiths figured it out. Starting with OS X 10.7 Lion, Apple hid the home folder’s Library folder (~/Library) to prevent users from meddling in it and causing trouble (see “Dealing with Lion’s Hidden Library,” 20 July 2011). We’ll ignore for the moment the question of whether this was a good move. To access that folder, you had to hold down the Option key and choose Go > Library in the Finder. If you were sufficiently irritated by having to do this, as many of us were, there was a Terminal command you could run to reveal the ~/Library folder within Finder windows permanently. (Remember, there are multiple Library folders in macOS; ~/Library is the one in your home folder. Oddly, Apple leaves /Library and /System/Library visible, even though users should never mess around in them.) In OS X 10.11 El Capitan, Apple pulled back a bit on pretending that we users weren’t capable enough to work in ~/Library, adding a Show Library Folder checkbox in the View Options window for the home folder. That checkbox appears only when your home folder is displayed in the frontmost Finder window, and if you’re in column view, you might need to select a folder inside the home folder. When that checkbox is selected, ~/Library appears in Finder windows, but Library does not appear in the Go menu unless you hold the Option key down too. In macOS 10.12 Sierra, Apple made it so that checkbox adds Library to the Go menu too, and in 10.12.3, also added a keyboard shortcut — Command-Shift-L. However, Sierra is also where things started to get funky. For many people, including me, the old Option key trick stopped working in Sierra. That wasn’t a problem for me because I had permanently revealed my ~/Library folder long ago and seldom used the Finder’s Go menu. But I did notice that Option had stopped showing the Library menu item, and when Kirk McElhearn wrote a blog post about how the key had changed to Shift in one of Sierra’s minor updates, I was pleased to discover that, indeed, the Shift key now worked to show the Library folder in the Finder’s Go menu. I didn’t explore further because Kirk’s solution worked fine for me, and it solved Tonya’s confusion over the loss of the Option key trick as well. Thinking I was sharing a neat little trick, I mentioned it briefly in an email message to Take Control readers. Little did I realize the can of worms I was opening. Several people replied to say that Shift did not work for them, and Option still did. Lauri Reinhardt, who does support for Take Control, tested before passing those messages on to me. She found that, while the Shift key worked initially, after she toggled the Show Library Folder checkbox in the View Options window, Shift stopped adding Library to the Go menu, and Option started working again. Nothing she could do would make the Shift key work anymore. I confirmed that Shift still worked on both my iMac and my MacBook Air, toggled the checkbox on my iMac, and found exactly what Lauri had. A new test account showed that Option really was still the right key, but why had it been Shift for a while? Madness! I was stumped, so I tracked backward from Kirk’s post to Michael Tsai’s initial Twitter thread and then followed a link to a post by Rob Griffiths that explained the situation. Rob’s discovery was that relaunching the Finder (Control-Option-click its Dock icon and choose Relaunch) puts the Finder in a weird state where the Shift key takes over from the Option key. I was able to reproduce that as well. Doubly weird — this state persists across restarts! It’s a bug, and Rob reported it, so we hope Apple will fix it in a future macOS update. My suspicion is that this weird Finder state, which may date back to the Sierra betas, can be triggered in ways other than relaunching the Finder. Quitting or force-quitting the Finder from within Activity Monitor doesn’t seem to do it, but I can imagine other scenarios that might leave the Finder in an unusual state — a kernel panic, for instance, or a loss of power to the Mac. Over years of usage, it’s easy to see something like this happening to many people. Regardless, the practical upshot of this minor mystery is as follows: Sierra Power Users: If you’re running Sierra and you want ~/Library to be visible in Finder windows and in the Go menu, select your home folder, choose View > Show View Options, and select Show Library Folder. Regular Sierra Users: If you don’t mind getting to ~/Library via the Go menu in Sierra, open the Go menu and press the Option key to reveal the Library menu item. If the Option key doesn’t work, use the instructions in the previous bullet to show and then hide the Library, after which Option should work. OS X Users: Those using 10.7 Lion through 10.11 El Capitan should either use Option with the Finder’s Go menu or enter this Terminal command to make ~/Library show up in Finder windows permanently. chflags nohidden ~/Library/ Finally, why might you want to work in ~/Library? Lots of reasons, but in 2012, Ted Landau wrote an article for Mac Observer about the top six reasons to visit the Library folder. It’s old but remains essentially correct. Still, as Ted says, don’t mess around with files in ~/Library if you don’t know what you’re doing — you can cause real problems. Always make sure you have a backup first!   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Colonel Mustard in the Library with the Shift Key To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Why did Sierra change the modifier key necessary to reveal your Library folder from Option to Shift? Or did it? Adam Engst delves into a minor mystery that takes place deep within the Finder. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment janesprando   2017-04-10 19:52 The link for the top 6 reasons to use see home library is not working on my iPad. Reply Adam Engst   2017-04-11 09:46 Strange. Nothing wrong with it that I can see. Reply steve12  2017-04-10 21:22 Don't forget about Command-Shift-Period. That's the finder's one size fits all show/hide hidden files toggle. For me it's easiest to keep the hidden out of site until I need something, then reveal them all do my thing, then hide them again. Reply Lester  2017-06-03 11:36 As far as I know, Command-Shift-Period works only for "Open" and "Save" dialog boxes, doesn't it? Years ago I found a script you can save as a Service to have this shortcut working in all Finder's windows. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile App News / Report – Apple to make Siri play nice with more apps Report – Apple to make Siri play nice with more apps by Joe Roberts 03 June 2017 0 shares Read Comments After announcing last year that Siri was to be made compatible with third-party apps, Apple is reportedly set to expand that compatibility at WWDC 2017 next week. As Reuters reports, Apple will announce plans to make Siri work with a wider variety of apps, in an attempt to challenge the popularity of rival services such as Amazon's Alexa. Citing "engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders," the report claims Apple will expand the categories of apps with with its virtual assistant will work, from the current six to an unknown number. Related: iPhone 8 The current six categories of apps are ride-hailing and sharing, messaging and calling, photo search, payments, fitness, and auto infotainment systems. It remains unclear how many new categories will be added, but Reuters claims Apple will look to retain some control by focusing on "a small amount of features," rather than adding a load of new categories. The report comes following rumours this week that the company will also announce new hardware to rival the likes of the Amazon Echo smart speaker and Google Home. Apple is rumoured to be working on a rival to the Amazon Echo Siri is expected to power the as-yet unconfirmed device, which according to reports has entered the manufacturing stage – though none of this has yet been confirmed by Apple. The firm's developer conference is set to get underway on Monday, so we're expecting to hear more about Siri's new functionality then – though at this point there's no guarantee of Reuters report's accuracy. Still, it would make sense for Apple to expand Siri's compatibility with third party services, especially if the company is looking to compete with Amazon and its popular Alexa assistant. Alexa can currently handle around 12,000 tasks – much more than Siri is currently capable of. The reason? Apple is said to be refining Siri's ability to respond to more conversational language before it opens up the assistant to more services. Whatever the case, it seems more and more companies will be focusing on developing their AI assistants in the coming year, so stay tuned for the latest, and check back Monday for all the developments from WWDC. Let us know what you think of the report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Seymour Cat June 4, 2017, 11:27 am Siri doesn't even control Apple's own apps properly. Years ago I could use Siri to navigate around audiobooks in Apple's own app. If I wanted to repeat the last 20 minutes, Siri could do it. Three years ago Apple broke this, and despite multiple new ios versions it remains broken to this day. If this is how Siri works with Apple's own product, think how rubbish it will be with 3rd party software. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Paul Gilster, technology and computers columnist Paul Gilster, technology and computers columnist Business Columns & Blogs June 03, 2017 11:20 AM In search of ‘Big Sleep’? Technology wants to help you get some rest By Paul Gilster Correspondent LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story I hope you sleep better than I do. It’s now 3:25 a.m. and, because lying in bed with insomnia makes a night interminable, I’m in my home office writing this column. Writing at this hour isn’t unusual for me because insomnia has dogged me my entire life. The irony about what I’m writing now is that my subject is how digital technology can help people sleep better. I didn’t choose the topic because of my own situation but because of the flurry in activity in this market sector, which turns out to be larger than I had realized. Did you know that industry forecasts for the size of the sleep-aids market reach as high as $80 billion by 2020? And this year, the annual tech blowout called the Consumer Electronics Show set aside an exhibition area just for sleep technology. Get this: They’re already calling the sector “Big Sleep.” To me, “The Big Sleep” is the title of a Raymond Chandler novel and the wonderful Humphrey Bogart film that grew out of it. In my current bleary-eyed state, the idea that tech can get me off to dreamland seems like an idle fancy. I did, however, pick up a Kobo Aura One e-reader in the hope that its adjustable light – screening out blue, working in red tones as the hour got later – would make a difference. If that had worked, I wouldn’t be writing at this hour. Can Beddit make a difference? Beddit makes a sleep monitor that connects to an iPhone. It’s in the form of a long strip of fabric that goes onto the mattress, positioned under the bottom sheet so that your heart rate can be picked up by it. Apple liked Beddit enough to buy the company, which implies to me that it will emerge as part of Apple’s broader play in the health care market. Beddit ($150) in now available in most Apple stores. If raw data can put you to sleep (sort of like counting sheep?), maybe Beddit has an edge. It will send enough information to your iPhone to give you a painstaking readout of your night’s activities. That would include sleep time (about an hour for me tonight), how long it took you to fall asleep (right away, but then a quick wake-up), the amount of deep vs. light sleep and numbers like “sleep efficiency.” But hey, I knew almost all that without a Beddit. So what do you do with all these data points? Technology has completely outrun utility in some areas, and this is surely one of them. Because users can take notes on the Beddit app, it can remind them that a yowling cat kept them awake between 11 and 12, something that was presumably obvious. Beddit’s graphs are slick, but do I really need to be told that I spent a lot of restless time in bed before getting up this morning? Or is it still night? My own recommendation, not that anything works for me, is Rain Rain. It’s a wonderful app that lets you select from a vast selection of white noise choices like ocean waves or trains. I’d also recommend keeping an eye on new mattresses. Casper is a young online company now negotiating with Target over how best to sell its mattresses, part of a wave of mattress startups with innovative ideas. At the top end, the Sleep Number 360 mattress provides a “smart bed” with biometric sleep tracking, foot warming and snoring detection. Did you know there is a National Sleep Foundation? I always assumed a conference with these guys would be a pretty quiet affair as they tried out all the new gadgets, but I notice they paired up with CES in the recent tech show. Maybe the sector really is getting ready to pop. We know that the tech world is, if nothing else, trendy and the entrance of Apple, the trendiest company of all, tells me that we’ll soon be quoting our “sleep efficiency” numbers to our envious friends. Brace yourself for a market onslaught. The people who buy all this stuff are probably not going to be insomniacs themselves, but early adopters afflicted with the big data bug. So does collecting all that data really induce sleep? “Big Sleep” may help us find out. Paul A. Gilster is the author of several books on technology. Reach him at pag1877@gmail.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Pooch a little paunchy? Here's a place to help him, and you, get in shape 0:52 3 months ago Pooch a little paunchy? Here's a place to help him, and you, get in shape 0:55 a day ago Getting dirty and having fun during Mud Day at Walnut Creek Wetland Center 1:55 a day ago Kellyanne Conway talks about healthcare View More Video Business Columns & Blogs Cam Newton, Steph Curry team up to push fruits and veggies Amazon’s fashion advice isn’t worth the potential cost of its camera in your bedroom 6-year-old wanted to play house. Amazon’s Alexa sent her a playhouse. Smartwatches don’t impress and here’s why Digital revolution could put us on Mars Business Columns & Blogs Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Watchstone Group PLC’s (QPP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Assurant, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (AIZ) Imperial Capital Weighs in on Digimarc Corp’s Q1 2018 Earnings (DMRC) Wedbush Weighs in on Intellia Therapeutics Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (NTLA) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for L Brands Inc Lifted by Jefferies Group (LB) BlackRock Ltd. Duration Income Trust (BLW) to Issue $0.09 Monthly Dividend Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) CFO Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock First Trust Advisors LP Lowers Stake in Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Insider Selling: Zions Bancorp (ZION) Insider Sells 11,972 Shares of Stock LSV Asset Management Invests $546,000 in Neff Corp (NEFF) Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) to Post $1.41 EPS Zacks: Analysts Expect TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) to Announce $0.38 Earnings Per Share Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.36 Per Share Global Water Resources Inc (GWRS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Set $79.00 Target Price for IDACORP Inc (IDA) Insider Selling: Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) President Sells $430,670.53 in Stock D Jeffry Benoliel Sells 3,000 Shares of Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Stock $0.99 EPS Expected for Allegion PLC (ALLE) This Quarter Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given a $157.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada June 3rd, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Royal Bank of Canada set a $157.00 price target on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in a research note released on Friday, May 19th. The firm currently has a buy rating on the iPhone maker’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on the company. Bank of America Corp lifted their price target on Apple from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Guggenheim lifted their price target on Apple from $150.00 to $180.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and set a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Drexel Hamilton restated a buy rating and set a $185.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Cowen and Company restated an outperform rating and set a $155.00 price objective (up previously from $135.00) on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $159.65. Get Apple Inc. alerts: Shares of Apple (NASDAQ AAPL) traded up 1.48% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $155.45. 27,770,715 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $810.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $149.57 and its 200 day moving average price is $132.53. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 33.20% and a net margin of 20.85%. On average, equities research analysts predict that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/03/royal-bank-of-canada-reiterates-157-00-price-target-for-apple-inc-aapl-updated.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.62%. Apple’s payout ratio is 27.31%. In other Apple news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 11,949 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $155.27, for a total transaction of $1,855,321.23. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 23,998 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,726,169.46. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Luca Maestri sold 6,308 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.83, for a total transaction of $894,663.64. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 2,665 shares in the company, valued at $377,976.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock worth $64,608,919 over the last ninety days. 0.08% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of AAPL. JJJ Advisors Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 0.9% in the first quarter. JJJ Advisors Inc. now owns 1,533 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $220,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. Shoker Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the first quarter. Shoker Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 5,196 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $746,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the period. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Apple by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC now owns 2,378 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $342,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Noven Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. now owns 7,396 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $857,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Finally, Asset Planning Services Ltd. increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 7,859 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $910,000 after buying an additional 24 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide Even If the Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Adam Clark EstesYesterday 11:00am Filed to: apple siri steve jobs amazon echo google home alexa google assistant 263 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Getty / Gizmodo We all know Apple’s game by now. Wait in the wings while all of the other companies fuck up while trying to innovate, and then, just when it seems almost too late, introduce a product that does the same thing as everybody else’s product, but better. This is bound to be true with the rumored Siri speaker. The idea is oddly exciting. It’s widely believed that, on Monday, Apple will reveal this so-called Siri speaker. The voice-controlled device is supposed to be a lot like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home, except, you know, it’s an Apple product. That means it will look great, work great, and cost a great sum of money. According to rumors, that also means that the gadget will lack some of the flashy features of seen in the current contenders on the market. The Siri speaker probably won’t have a touchscreen, like the new Amazon Echo Show. It probably won’t have a built-in wi-fi router, like the rumored Google Home hardware update. Your Move, Apple It feels like it’s 2001. Tons of companies had released tons of MP3 players, and they all sucked.…Read more That’s kind of the point, though. Apple is famous for releasing first generation products that do just enough, really well. Just think about the original iPod, which celebrates its sweet 16 this year. The market was flooded with problematic MP3 players by the time Steve Jobs announced Apple’s magical solution in October 2001. Jobs himself explained how companies small and large were trying and failing to build music players. Advertisement “They haven’t found the recipe,” Jobs said at that event, moments before revealing the iPod. “No one has really found the recipe yet for digital music.” Now get ready for the good shit. “And we think,” Jobs continued, “not only can we find the recipe, but we think the Apple brand is going to be fantastic, because people trust the Apple brand to get their great digital electronics from.” You can just imagine those exact same words coming out of Tim Cook’s mouth on Monday to describe Apple’s entry into the smart speaker market. Lots of companies, large and small, have tried to sell an internet-connected, voice-controlled speaker for the home. None of them are awesome. Amazon’s had the most success with Echo, largely because it was the first mega tech company to introduce a viable option. Echo gained steam as a smart home hub, too, because Amazon let virtually any company develop the capability to work with Alexa, Amazon’s half-decent, artificially intelligent assistant. And despite its relative dominance in the information space, Google’s smart speaker, blandly named “Home,” has struggled to take a bite out of Amazon’s market share. So here comes Apple. If the Cupertino kids do announce a new piece of hardware at the WWDC conference this year, it will almost certainly be some sort of smart speaker. People are calling it the “Siri speaker,” because such a device would use Siri’s computer brain power to respond to voice commands and questions. We can also expect an upgrade to Siri, perhaps a new version that can distinguish between different voices and maintain multiple user profiles. (Google Home already does this, and Amazon is expected to release the feature soon.) Otherwise, the Siri speaker will probably do the same things as the Home and the Echo—only, hopefully, better. After all, Apple is increasingly admitting that it’s a luxury brand. For a smart speaker, that would mean that the sound quality would far surpass the tin-can tones of an Echo. Some rumors claim that Apple actually wants to take on Sonos in offering high-quality wireless audio throughout the home with exceptional acoustics and the processing power of an iPhone 6. Meanwhile, we have to expect Apple to flex its dominance in the privacy and security spheres. As too many people clutch their pearls over the idea of an Echo recording all of their conversations, the market is definitely primed for a safe-seeming smart speaker. It will also—Jony Ive voice—be an extraordinarily beautiful object. A design porn shot from an iPad Pro promotional video (Image: YouTube) But this all begs the question: who’s going to buy this new Apple object? It’s not immediately obvious that people need a smart speaker in the same way that they needed a smartphone when Apple released the iPhone ten years ago. Then again, nobody needed a smartwatch when the Apple Watch came out and now it’s the number one product in the category. Is it because the Apple Watch is the very best wearable computer? Who knows. Do people trust the Apple brand to build great digital electronics? A lot of them do, yes. Even more powerful than that, however, is the fact that a lot people will buy a new gadget simply because Apple made it. Call them fanboys or girls or whatever you want, but Apple loyalists are fucking loyal. Advertisement Sponsored Steve Jobs programmed them to be. From the early Mac days, the late visionary excelled at convincing people that electronics were their friends. After all, way back in 1984, the original Macintosh computer gave its own robotic but revolutionary introduction speech. “I’d like to let Macintosh speak for itself,” Job said, and the computer did. The crowd went wild. We don’t know what will happen at WWDC 2017. If Apple does announce a smart speaker, maybe Tim Cook will invite Siri will make the announcement herself (itself?). There’s a good chance the device won’t be available until the fall, a move that would echo Google’s announcing the Home last spring for a fall release. Of course, Apple might also let us all down and announce some boring new iPad update or no new hardware at all. Advertisement But if Apple does decide to join the smart speaker circus, the company will almost certainly do it as Steve Jobs would’ve wanted. The gadget will be simple. It will be beautiful. It will work. It will sort of suck, but that’s why you have to stick around to buy the second generation—and the third and the fourth until infinity. Adam Clark Estes adam@gizmodo.com @adamclarkestes Senior editor at Gizmodo. PGP Fingerprint: 91CF B387 7B38 148C DDD6 38D2 6CBC 1E46 1DBF 22A8|PGP Key OTR Fingerprint: D9330D9B 6CF5E271 7FAC6194 DAA9B51B E09A99B2 You may also like Gizmodo FCC Considering Nightmare Rules That Allow Telemarketers to Go Straight to Voicemail Yesterday 3:42pm Gizmodo Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With the Cardboard Holokit Yesterday 11:54am io9 Fox News Gets Mad That Wonder Woman Isn't in Her American Apparel Underwear Yesterday 10:20am Recent from Adam Clark Estes 3 16.5K Gizmodo · Adam Clark Estes We'll Be Liveblogging Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Right Here on Monday Today 2:54pm 55 35.3K Gizmodo · Adam Clark Estes These GIFs of Endlessly Looping Waves Will Soothe Your Battered Soul Friday 10:45am 36 391 158.3K Gizmodo · Adam Clark Estes Elon Musk Quits Donald Trump Thursday 4:26pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
UPROXX News Sections Main The Power Of Activism How We Bring About Change The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Featured News Can Trump Really Block James Comey From Testifying? The POTUS’ Executive Privilege, Explained News Democrats Should Stop Trying To Fact Check Their Way To Success Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix Where Entertainment Fandom Lives What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall Gaming Web Culture Featured TV Sarah Silverman On Why It’s Important To Understand Each Other, Now More Than Ever TV ‘The Americans’ Season Finale Anxiety Report: Everyone Is Sad And/Or Doomed Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip-Hop on UPROXX Uncharted Discovering New Artists Before They Chart Featured Music Wheeler Walker Jr. Is The Filthiest (And Most Earnest) Man In Country Music RealTalk The Fascinating Rise, Fall, And Resurgence Of British Grime As A Global Genre Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX Brawler MMA on UPROXX -- coming soon Featured DimeMag Joel Embiid Tells Us About Rehab, Rihanna, And The Next Step In The Process ProWrestling Chris Jericho Talks Fozzy Blowing Up, Wrestling Until He’s 90, And Why He Won’t Put You On The List Life & Discovery Sections Main Style Remixing The Classics With The Now Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life This Beyonce-Approved Resort In Costa Rica Just Might Be The Best Splurge On Earth Life Why The Negroni Should Be Your 2017 Summer Cocktail Video Featured Will Climate Change Spell Doom For The Island Nation Of Palau? Estelle’s New Collaborator — Zambian/Australian Rapper Sampa The Great — Will Live Up To Her Name These Stylists Are Taking A Surprising Role In Fighting Domestic Abuse See More... Search for: About About Corporate Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Follow UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In Apple’s Siri Speaker: Everything We Know Before WWDC 2017 Dan Seitz Senior Contributor 06.02.17 Facebook Twitter EMAIL Shutterstock/UPROXX Monday brings us Apple’s annual Worldwide Developer’s Conference, or WWDC, and it’s usually the start of Apple’s new hardware and software rollouts for the year. Monday is expected to mostly be about iOS 11 and upgrades to Apple hardware, but there is, in fact, some new hardware on the way. Apple, having been first to the voice assistant game with Siri, is hoping to put Google Home and Alexa in their place with a new Siri Speaker. News of the speaker only started surfacing this year, although Apple is reportedly already manufacturing it for a debut later in 2017. There’s a lot of debate over how it’ll look, including whether or not it’ll include some sort of screen or, like Home and Amazon’s Echo family of devices, be keyed off your voice. Unlike most Apple devices, even the mockup fans aren’t sure what the device’s appearance will be. One thing that’s generally agreed on is that the speaker will feature virtual surround sound for a richer, fuller sound than other devices. That said, though, there are two things that seem patently obvious: The first is that it’ll be tightly integrated with Apple’s other products, especially the iPhone, Apple Music, and Apple TV. Bloomberg notes Apple will likely treat it like the Apple Watch, where developers are encouraged to add functionality to iPhone apps to incorporate the speaker, instead of coding entirely new apps. That will likely give it a leg up on Google and Amazon since Apple fans can more easily work it into their lives. And it will probably be the beginning of Apple’s attempt to work itself into the internet of things. Apple has been making careful steps, mostly developing its software tool suite HomeKit for third-party hardware. The speaker will be a bigger step, much like other devices can turn on your lights, tweak your thermostat, and so on. Whether Apple will be content with working with third-party smart home tools, or whether Apple is about to start trying to engineer lightbulbs, thermostats, and other smart home products remains to be seen. The main question is whether Apple can play catch-up, here. Amazon has had Echoes on the market for nearly three years at this point, and Google Home will likely have almost a year on the market before Siri shows up. Similarly, Apple will need to demonstrate that they’ve got something the others lack. App integration is nice, of course, but if you’re not already invested in the Apple ecosystem, it’s not much of a selling point. We’ll see on Monday, when the Siri speaker will likely be announced. Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL Around The Web TAGSAPPLEsiri Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Dan Seitz 06.02.2017 @ 3:37 PM "Apple’s Siri Speaker: Everything We Know Before WWDC 2017" Profile By: velmapeters45 06.02.2017 @ 4:01 PM I found a great site that focuses on stay at home mom’s complete guide to gaining a serious amount of money in very little time. While being able to earn an passive income staying home with your kids. If you are someone who needs more money and has some spare time, this site is perfect for you. Take a look at… dddd follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕Trump”s New Opprunuties See Here Cancel reply View all comments Innovative Minds One Principal’s Fight To Prep Inner-City Students For Our Tech-Based Future Delenda Joseph 05.31.17 4 days ago This Company Has Pretty Much Invented Harry Potter’s ‘Skele-Grow’ Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 6 days ago This Former Marine Is Harnessing Lightning To Make Electricity Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 7 days ago 5 Comments This Scientist Combs Our Universe To Find Life Among The Stars Allison Sanchez 05.25.17 2 weeks ago This Simple Water Bottle Innovation Just Might Save Your Life Someday Allison Sanchez 05.24.17 2 weeks ago How Science And Technology Can Save Lives, One App At A Time Dan Seitz 05.22.17 2 weeks ago UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Why Daqri has spread its bets with augmented reality technology Dean Takahashi@deantak June 3, 2017 8:02 AM Above: Daqri's smart helmet. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Brian Mullins, CEO of Daqri, has been obsessed with augmented reality technology for many years. And now AR has finally grown up. We could see that at Augmented World Expo this week in Santa Clara, Calif., where all the major tech companies — Google, Intel, Qualcomm, Microsoft — and many others had augmented reality technology on display. The event drew more than 4,700 people, compared to 3,850 a year ago and just 200 about seven years ago. It also drew 212 companies, compared to 120 last year. Daqri showed its smart AR helmet for bikers, a heads-up display for cars, and its own pair of smart glasses for enterprises. I met with Mullins there to talk about how far the tech has come and how far it may have to go. We talked about the company’s smart helmet, its heads-up display for cars, and why it hired Seamus Blackley, co-creator of the Xbox, and acquired Blackley’s research lab to commercialize an interesting new 3D printing technology dubbed “software defined light.” Mullins is intrigued about what Apple might announce in AR and how the technology could fundamentally change how we interact with the real world. “We spent a lot of time talking about what it could do, showing what it could do. Now, okay, how do we get it in everyone’s hands? How do we scale it?” he said. Here’s an edited transcript of our interview. Above: Brian Mullins, CEO of augmented reality helmet maker Daqri. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi VB: You’ve watched the space develop for a long time and seen progress. How do you feel about the pace of change and how the tech is catching up with what everybody wants? Mullins: It’s the seventh year I’ve come to the show. To see it grow up from a couple hundred people to today — all the main players, not just in AR, but in technology are represented. The discussion is going beyond “What could it do?” and “When will it be valuable?” to “We’ve proven that this helps workers learn faster, retain more, reduce costs. We can demonstrate the ROI. How are we going to deploy it at scale? How do we connect it to the IT organization?” Everything from device management software to creative workflows with products like CAD systems…how are these customers going to buy thousands of units? How do we fulfill that? All the questions an industry needs to address in order to turn the corner and ramp and address demand. That’s the phase AR is in right now. We spent a lot of time talking about what it could do, showing what it could do. Now, okay, how do we get it in everyone’s hands? How do we scale it? Some of that is — we can’t expect enterprise customers to look at AR and say, “I’ll adapt my business to this.” We have to adapt the way we sell AR and make products to those enterprises, to what they need to deploy for their workforces. It’s an exciting shift to see the conversations change, to see the players here. Our partnership with Dell — that’ll open us up to a large channel of people who have historically been interested in AR and now have a way to buy it and roll it out. VB: How did you approach separating out what’s cool about AR and what actually helps people solve a problem? Mullins: When you have something that’s cool and could solve a lot of problems, you run the risk of making something that excites people but doesn’t really have a use. There’s a lot to learn there about focusing on a minimum viable product or minimum viable platform that could create AR products that pay for themselves, that meet ROI needs and can be used for other things as well. It turns out that the advantage is it works well to help people learn things. You can learn faster than with any other form of training. This is proven in independent studies. Just having it isn’t enough. You have to wrap it in a solution. You have to connect it with things like 360 from Autodesk or Teamcenter from Siemens, so these content workflows that our customers have invested in are available in the AR right away. We’ve been able to make those connections and deliver a product that can create the ROI today. It’s like looking at the screen on an early iPhone. Today you look at an iPhone and think, “That’s what a smartphone should be.” But if Apple waited to make that, it would have been a waste. You could make the industry out of the first iPhone and let it grow up. That’s where AR is today. Some people think they have to wait until the end state, but it’s ready today to solve problems and create value. Let’s get it in customers’ hands and iterate on future versions and continue to evolve the product. Above: Daqri is creating augmented reality headsets and helmets. Image Credit: Daqri VB: We had a panel of AR creators at our GamesBeat summit talking about all the different futures they foresee. What do you see in the future around things like displays? John Underkoffler’s company is making use of very big displays. Some people say that displays will go away entirely with good enough images on a pair of glasses. Mullins: Certain types of displays you don’t need, but experiences will change to support it. Mimicking a display in AR will probably never be as good as a physical display. However, the benefit of it being virtualized could outweigh that, and the perceptible differences can be smoothed out. The question is, if I can have anything I want in real space, would I want it to look like a display, or do I change it completely into something more intuitive? Do I have a screen with an email icon and a little notification on it, or do I have a 3D model of a piece of mail sitting in front of me? I can physically intuit certain things by seeing a 3D model. We won’t necessarily virtualize every screen, but it’ll affect where we need them. You’ll see new types of display technologies that are embedded. You’ll be able to interact with them seamlessly. You won’t always have a pair of AR glasses on. You get in the car and take them off, the car picks up. When I go home and settle in my living room, maybe there’s a different type of retinal projector installed there that makes it so I don’t need glasses or a physical screen to have an AR experience. That’s down the road, but it’s important to think about those modalities if you’re talking about a post-screen world. VB: Intel was talking about how we’ll have a passenger economy arrive once we have self-driving cars. It’s another opportunity for displays. Mullins: Absolutely. For a pretty good percentage of the population, when you look down at a screen while you’re in a car you get sick. One of the only ways to remove that sensation is to use AR in the car, so the screens are there but the content registers to the real world. Your sense of balance can interact with this content out there and not cause motion sickness. That’s where AR is going to bridge the gap in situations like that. You look at the HUD in a car today, the opportunity of putting content on windscreens or side windows, and then you think about when this car drives itself. The average American commuter spends 43 minutes on the road every day. That’s a valuable amount of time to interact with technology. Above: Daqri’s helmet Image Credit: Daqri VB: If you’re not driving, maybe you want to spend even longer in the car. Mullins: Maybe. If you’re getting work done or enjoying interactive time, maybe you don’t have to think about living 20 minutes from the office. Maybe it opens up new places to live. If the freeways are less crowded because the cars are better at balancing the traffic, maybe we redesign how we build certain cities. VB: What do you think of where everyone else is in the AR industry, how much progress is being made? Mullins: We’re excited about our smart product line: the smart helmet for industrial field workers and the smart glasses for enterprise workers and the smart HUD in cars. It’s opening up to a larger market. The show floor isn’t open yet, but it’s always a great side-by-side to see all the devices and try them on. We’re learning a lot. The industry is learning a lot — what you need, what the important specs are. It’s about experience. Translating from old displays and other methodologies hasn’t always worked right. Everyone is driving toward a more vertical field of view, but the real question is, what’s the field of view that’s not distorted? The distortion creeps up very quickly in different types of displays. If you have that, it’s not useful. Just having wider fields of view isn’t necessarily the goal. You need to focus on distortion and contrast and visibility in sunlight so you can use it anywhere. We’re starting to adopt ways of talking about things and designing products to make sure they’re valuable to customers. But there’s a long way to go. VB: Do you hope Apple can impact the industry in a good way? Mullins: I’m hoping all the major mobile platforms will have a positive impact. We play in an enterprise space. We don’t think AR is one size fits all. A lot of the environments and customer needs are always going to require specialization to address them. It’s a long time before you see a mass adoption of a consumer product at a price point that does what people need it to do. But you look beyond that — at what point is it also so good that you can take it to work? You’re talking about a 10-year proposition there, much like the way mobile phones grew up. They started as briefcases and bricks. They went into your car, and your car phone was amortized over the life of the vehicle. Ultimately, that built an infrastructure and people started to get personal phones. Then we had the smartphone and now everybody’s got one, but it took decades. It felt like overnight everybody had a smartphone, but no. It’s not going away overnight either. It won’t be replaced right away by a pair of glasses. The promises being made by some companies going after the consumer space won’t be realized at the price points. If you look at the VR industry, they’re setting a very high bar for content. That’s good for the industry in general, but it makes it a moving target to some extent. As you start to see triple-A game titles roll out in VR — one or two this year, and more next year — that’s going to drive more adoption. VR will become more comfortable and consumers will have expectations of it. That’ll inform what consumer AR becomes. You’ll finally get to the devices consumers need over the next three to five years. Then you have to drive adoption on top of that. It’s exciting, but it’s a long road ahead. Above: Daqri is also working on augmented reality heads-up displays for cars. Image Credit: Daqri VB: Are you interested in some of the talks coming up here? The Vuforia guys had something interesting on Project Chalk, annotating things in AR. Mullins: With AR and computer vision, a lot of these things are going to start to become native. You asked me about what Apple will do for AR. It’ll build in computer vision and additional sensors directly into the hardware. To access AR, it’ll be natively in the Apple tools. It’ll be done partially in hardware, so it’ll be better than third-party software running on an iPhone. That’ll change the developer ecosystem quite a bit. You won’t necessarily need to go through a tool like Unity and export through an AR library to iOS or Android or another platform. You’ll go Unity directly to native, whether it’s Tango or something in iOS. It doesn’t necessarily impact on the enterprise the same way, but you’ll start to see where those capabilities are done better in hardware than in software. Then developers won’t necessarily have to use third-party tools to wrap them up. VB: In your long-term, then, you might focus on making sure you can do cool software applications, as opposed to being a hardware company? Mullins: From our perspective, making the helmets and glasses and automotive components — we’re in a different customer base, but we have the same technology road map as someone like an Apple for cell phones, and perhaps someday wearable devices. We’re doing that today, where our computer vision and mapping are all at the hardware level too. You don’t need any third-party wrappers to work on a Daqri platform. That’s important. VB: If the hardware gets produced at some point by all the big companies, though, and they provide a base platform, do you design your products for that platform instead of designing separate pieces of hardware? Mullins: If you look at our automotive customers today, they make the car. They license the technology for the HUD in it. That’s something Daqri does, providing the flexibility to work with customers to get technology in their products. There will be a lot of uses of AR outside of mobile phones and outside of just consumer wearable devices that we see facilitating for people integrating AR into other applications. VB: So the smartphone isn’t the one and only thing that exists in this future. I suppose if you have AR, at some point the smartphone doesn’t need to exist. Mullins: That’s a real question. When you look at historically — Apple enters a space when it’s established. They’ll do what they do. Others will try to get in, but whether a cell phone company can adapt to become an AR company — you saw a lot of players that were established in tech that didn’t necessarily make the leap to mobile. They missed it. The landscape is very different. There will be a lot of uses in enterprise, and a lot of established tech players that make devices — whether it’s phones or computers today — will try to get into the space. But they’ll face the same transition hurdles they faced with getting into smartphones. Some of them did a great job of it and others ended up leaving the space. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks That Feel Like Microsoft in 1986 These three promising businesses could be poised to offer life-changing gains for investors. Steve Symington, Sean Williams, and Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSymington) Jun 3, 2017 at 11:00AM There are few stocks that have created fortunes as staggering as Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). Had you bought just 50 shares of the computer software and console gaming giant shortly after its IPO in 1986 -- let's say at $28 per share (keep in mind the stock has split nine times since then) -- you'd have over $1 million today, even without reinvesting dividends. If you had opted to use your dividends to buy more shares along the way, you'd have over $1.5 million sitting in the bank. Of course, this raises the question -- are there any stocks on the market today that feel like Microsoft in 1986? We asked three top Motley Fool contributors to weigh in to that end. Read on to learn why they think Universal Display (NASDAQ:OLED), Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI), and Intercept Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ICPT) fit the bill. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES. A revolutionary display and lighting technology Steve Symington (Universal Display): There's little doubt that Universal Display's flagship phosphorescent organic light emitting diode (OLED) technology is the next big thing in the display market. OLED displays not only boast incredible brightness and contrast, but also are impossibly thin, energy efficient, cool to the touch, and can even be made flexible and semi-transparent. By licensing its massive OLED-centric patent portfolio and selling its proprietary emitter materials to original electronics manufacturers, Universal Display is poised to benefit as OLED adoption grows. At the same time, OLEDs are already being used in tens of millions of smartphones and tablets from many of the world's leading electronics manufacturers. Most notably, Samsung Display has long stood alone as Universal Display's single largest customer. If supply chain rumblings and industry watchers are any indication, however, Apple should be poised to introduce its first OLED iPhone later this year in celebration of the 10-year anniversary of its most popular product line. This would mark a coup, of sorts, as Apple moves away from LCDs and expands its use of OLED from "just" the tiny displays in its less impactful Apple Watch. What's more, LG Display, which is Universal Display's second-largest customer, is in the process of ramping up manufacturing capacity for its high-end OLED televisions, announcing earlier this year that it will invest an additional $4.3 billion into both its OLED production facilities and OLED research and development. Over the longer term, we should also see an increase in novel OLED lighting solutions from manufacturers that are currently in their early stages of development, including LG, Konica Minolta, Acuity, and Philips. Here again, OLED lights are cool to the touch and offer even, beautiful light, as opposed to the spot light sources provided with today's typical LED lighting products. Finally, keep in mind that Universal Display only recently initiated its first dividend at $0.03 per share. That won't amount to much with Universal Display stock sitting above $117 per share, as of this writing. But management has made it clear they view this as "a good place to start," and will increase their payout as the OLED industry continues to progress. For investors willing to buy now and watch that happen in the coming years, I think Universal Display could still be poised for incredible, "Microsoft-like" returns. Video games are big business Demitri Kalogeropoulos (Activision Blizzard): Leave aside the fact that it's already a $43 billion company, and you'll be free to notice a few tantalizing similarities between Activision Blizzard today and a young Microsoft. After all, the video game developer enjoys a leading position in a growth industry with massive profit potential over the long term. For an idea of that dominance, consider that its portfolio of franchises, including Call of Duty, Hearthstone, and Overwatch, helped the company attract record player engagement in the past year as gamers dedicated 40 billion hours to interacting with its products. Even though it has been public for years, Activision Blizzard's business in many ways is only getting started. Its acquisition of King Digital Entertainment just added over 300 million active users that the company is now learning how to market to through in-game advertising and micro transactions. Meanwhile, the stampede towards digital purchasing and downloading of big-budget games is raising profit margins, as in the fact that video games are becoming year-round properties rather than launch-driven, short-term events. In other words, Activision's content is growing far more valuable thanks to fundamental shifts in its industry. Like Microsoft in those early days, the developer is staring at a few large opportunities right now, all of which could significantly boost its addressable market. These include eSports, consumer products, and mobile advertising, in addition to whatever new video game franchises Activision has in its pipeline for the coming years. This biotech stock has all the hallmarks of Microsoft's dominance, within its niche indication  Sean Williams (Intercept Pharmaceuticals): Few people knew when Microsoft went public in 1986 that it would become a dominant force in computer operating systems, and finding the next Microsoft is no easy task. However, if you'll humor me and allow me to cross sectors, I do see some similarities between Microsoft in 1986 and Intercept Pharmaceuticals today. Microsoft's operating system holds dominant market share, and there are very few alternative options for desktop and laptop users. The same may soon be said for Intercept's drug Ocaliva, which is currently approved to treat primary biliary cholangitis, but is more importantly being studied as a treatment for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). NASH, also known as fatty-liver disease, has no cure or Food and Drug Administration-approved therapies, yet it impacts between 2% and 5% of the adult U.S. population. By the next decade, it'll be the leading cause of liver transplants. The first drug that can fight NASH, and potentially even reduce liver fibrosis, could become the go-to therapy, just as Windows is the go-to operating system. The intriguing data on Ocaliva comes from the FLINT 2b study, which was reported all the way back in 2014. Data from FLINT showed a two-point-or-greater reduction in the NAFLD Activity score in 46% of patients taking Ocaliva, compared to just 21% of patients taking the placebo. What was exceptionally encouraging was the 35% mean score benefit in liver fibrosis, which was almost double that of the placebo at 19%. Currently, Ocaliva is moving onto its pivotal phase 3 REGENERATE trial.  Like Microsoft, Intercept isn't the only fish in the pond. Genfit has a competing NASH drug known as elafibranor in the phase 3 RESOLVE-IT trial. There's a clear advantage to being the first-in-class NASH drug on pharmacy shelves, so the race is clearly on.  What sort of sales are we talking about here? If Ocaliva demonstrates both NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement (the REGENERATE trial only requires one or the other be met for the primary endpoint to be a success) and is approved by the FDA ahead of Genfit's drug, Ocaliva has peak annual sales potential that could approach $9 billion per year. Given that drugmakers are usually valued at many multiples of their lead drug, Intercept's stock could soar, much like Microsoft did.  Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Activision Blizzard. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. Steve Symington owns shares of Universal Display. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard and Universal Display. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Steve Symington, Sean Williams, and Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSymington) As a technology and consumer goods specialist for the Fool, Steve looks for responsible businesses that positively shape our lives. Then he invests accordingly. Enjoy his work? Connect with him on Twitter & Facebook so you don't miss a thing. Follow @TMFSymington Article Info Jun 3, 2017 at 11:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Universal Display NASDAQ:OLED $117.10 up $1.45 (1.25%) LG Display NYSE:LPL $14.90 up $0.26 (1.78%) Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV NYSE:PHG $36.26 up $0.19 (0.53%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Intercept Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:ICPT $119.22 up $6.02 (5.32%) Activision Blizzard NASDAQ:ATVI $59.65 up $0.09 (0.15%) Read More 3 Growth Stocks for Bold Investors Microsoft Corporation Is Trying to Resurrect Windows-on-ARM 3 Dates for Investors to Circle in May Universal Display Offers Vague Possible Clues About the OLED iPhone 3 Top Phablet Stocks to Buy in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Stocks That Feel Like Microsoft in 1986 @themotleyfool #stocks $MSFT, $OLED, $LPL, $PHG, $SSNLF, $ICPT, $ATVI
Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more. Saturday's Best Deals: Google Home, Logitech Webcam, Electric Shaver, and More Shep McAllisterYesterday 10:42am Filed to: Kinja Deals Deals Daily Deals Weekend 10 7 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Go to permalink Google Home, a well-specced laptop, and a great electric shaver lead off Saturday’s best deals from around the web. Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal. Top Tech Deals Dell Latitude E7250, $460 It’s not the prettiest laptop I’ve ever seen, but $460 is a great price for a computer with a Core i5, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB SSD, and Windows 10 Pro. It’s only available today though, or until sold out. $460 Dell Latitude E7250 12.5” Laptop, Intel i5-5300U 2.3GHz, 256GB… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker PowerCore II, $36 Anker’s PowerCore line has reigned as our readers’ favorite USB battery pack for nearly a year, and its long awaited sequel is down to $36 today, within $2 of the best price we’ve seen. Your Pick For Best USB Battery Pack: Anker PowerCore In what was perhaps the most predictable Co-Op result ever, Anker’s PowerCore line of USB battery…Read more In addition to a fresh new design, the PowerCore II includes three high speed USB charging ports with a whopping 30W shared between them, plus dual 10W microUSB inputs, allowing you to recharge the entire brick twice as quickly. $36 Anker PowerCore II 20000 Portable Charger, 20000mah Power Bank… From amazon 3878 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Google Home, $105 Update: Sold out Advertisement Advertisement Google Home is the smart speaker that Google devotees have been clamoring for, and Newegg has it for just $105 today, one of the best prices we’ve seen. Refurb Echo Dot, $38 In case you missed it, Amazon’s still blowing out refurbished Echo Dots for an all-time low $38. If you’ve already fallen in love with the Alexa ecosystem, this is a great chance to add a smart speaker to every room in your house. $38 Certified Refurbished Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black From amazon 1977 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now And if you want it to look a little bit less like an appliance, Amazon’s charcoal fabric case is also $5 off. $10 Amazon Echo Dot Case (fits Echo Dot 2nd Generation only) -… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Blue Yeti USB Microphone, $90 Whether you’re looking to start a podcast, or just want your Skype calls to come through loud and clear, the Blue Yeti is one of the most popular mid-range USB microphones you can buy. Get it today for $90, one of the best prices we’ve seen. https://www.amazon.com/Blue-Yeti-USB-Microphone-Blackout/dp/B002VA464S?th=1&tag=kinjadeals-20 Most Popular Desktop Microphone: Blue Yeti/Yeti Pro A great microphone can make all the difference between being heard or being fuzzy and muted when…Read more Aukey Apple Watch Charging Stand with Suction Cup, $6 with code AUWATCH3 There are probably thousands of Apple Watch charging stands out there, but basically every one I’ve seen shares the same problem: They slide all over your nightstand when you try to pull the watch off its magnetic charger. Advertisement Aukey seems to have solved that with an ingeniously simple suction cup on the bottom of its stand. It’s a little thing, but you’ll appreciate it every night, and what’s $6 to someone who spent hundreds of dollars on an Apple Watch? Note: This doesn’t include any actual charging hardware: Like most Apple Watch charging stands, it’s basically just housing for the included charger. $6 AUKEY Apple Watch Stand, Charging Dock with Sticky Suction Cup… From amazonUse code AUKEYLYU 772 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Bestek 220V to 110V international power adapter, $25 with code YXVLF54N If you’re planning on traveling internationally or fleeing the country any time soon, you won’t want to miss this deal on one of our readers’ favorite international power adapters. These Are the Five Best International Travel Adapters The experienced international travelers in our audience have weighed in with their picks for…Read more Promo code YXVLF54N saves $18 on Bestek’s popular travel adapter and voltage converter. This complete 3-outlet/4-USB power strip will work with US, EU, UK, and AU outlets, and converts 220V power sources to US-friendly 110V, for any of your electronics that can’t handle both. $25 BESTEK Universal Travel Adapter 220V to 110V Voltage Converter… From amazonUse code YXVLF54N 3130 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 10% off $100 in Select Gift Cards Who doesn’t love free money? For a limited time, eBay’s taking 10% off when you spend $100 on select gift cards. You can mix and match different cards from the likes of Uber, Papa John’s, the Nintendo eShop, the PlayStation Store, Groupon, and more. Just load up your cart and pay with PayPal, and you’ll see the discount at checkout. Top Home Deals Bissell Symphony All-In-One Steam Mop/Vacuum, $85 Keeping floors clean is tedious enough as it is, but you can save some time with this $85 Bissell Symphony, which is a vacuum and a steam mop all in one. Advertisement Sponsored You can use it as a vacuum, a steam mop, or with the flick of a switch, both at the same time. It even uses some kind of sorcery to keep your debris bin dry even as you vacuum up water molecules from the steaming process, so it won’t be too disgusting to empty. Today’s price is only good on a refurbished model, but it’s about half the price of buying it new, and this deal is only available today, or until sold out. $85 Bissell 1132R Symphony All-in-One Vacuum and Steam Mop… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Dentastix Gold Box Dentastix can clean your dogs’ teeth and make their breath smell slightly less like ass, and most importantly, they actually enjoy eating them. Stock up for great low prices with today’s Amazon Gold Box. Gerber Dime Multitool, $14 Gerber’s Dime multitool doesn’t include a knife blade, which makes it somewhat less useful than most multitools, but it also means you can take it through airport security. $14 Gerber Dime Multi-Tool Travel, Bladeless [31-002777] From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Box Grater, $11 With six sides and six different blade arrangements, this $11 box grater is good for a lot more than just cheese. $11 Cheese-Grater-Vegetable-Slicer Stainless Steel - 6-sides , 9.5… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Porter-Cable Pancake Compressor, $80 Whether you’re filling tires or firing pneumatic tools, this 4.5 star-rated Porter-Cable electric pancake compressor has is a great addition to any garage, and Prime members can pick it up for $80 today. That’s about $20-$40 less than usual, and the best price Amazon’s ever listed. $80 PORTER-CABLE PCFP02003 3.5-Gallon 135 PSI Pancake Compressor From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Children’s Sample Box, $5 + $5 credit on eligible snack purchases In addition to Amazon’s new premium beverage sample box, parents can also pick up a box with 10 or more children’s snacks for just $5, plus a $5 credit towards your next eligible snack purchase (which isn’t limited to children’s food). $5 Children's Sample Box, 10 or more samples ($4.99 credit on… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Beverage Sample Box, $10 + $10 beverage credit Amazon’s back at it again with another great sample box, this time with seven premium beverages for $10, plus a $10 credit on your next eligible beverage purchase on Amazon. If you’ve ever been curious to try Soylent, this is your moment. $10 Beverage Sample Box, 7 or more samples ($9.99 credit on select… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anova 800W Bluetooth Precision Cooker, $109 If you’ve ever eaten at a nice steakhouse, you were probably eating sous-vide meat. Here’s a secret though: It’s really easy to get those kinds of results yourself, and Amazon’s here to help with another $109 deal on the Anova Bluetooth sous-vide circulator. Bestsellers: Anova Sous-vide Precision Cookers Sous Vide equipment can run you $400 or more, but not Anova. Lifehacker has a great explainer on…Read more Lifehacker has a great explainer on Sous-Vide cooking for you to check out, but the basic idea is that you seal the food in plastic bags, and then cook it in precisely heated water over a longer period of time. It sounds weird and kind of sterile, but the result is meat that’s cooked to the exact right temperature all the way through. Sous-Vide 101: How to Cook the Most Tender and Flavorful Meat You’ve Ever Tasted Dry turkey and overcooked steaks don't have to be a staple of your holiday dinners or homemade …Read more The First 5 Things You Should Sous Vide With Your New Immersion Circulator If you have recently purchased an immersion circulator—or are looking to—deciding what to cook…Read more Dr. Meter IR Thermometer, $12 with code PLFR78PO You guys buy boatloads of IR thermometers whenever we post a deal, and it’s easy to see why. They’re a ton of fun to mess around with, and can come in handy for everything from cooking to home energy savings. What's Your Favorite Gadget to Aimlessly Fool Around With? I just picked up a cheapo infrared thermometer, a laser-aimed sensor that tells you the surface…Read more If you still don’t own one, you can rectify that for just $12 today. This one even comes with a holster! $12 Dr.meter Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer with… From amazonUse code PLFR78PO 3166 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker LC90 Flashlight, $22 with code HGBGOIWV or $30 with FREE LC40 Flashlight with code NWSSMJOF | Anker LC130 Flashlight, $45 Anker, producer of a lot of your favorite charging gear, has its own line of flashlights too, and all three are on sale today for some the best prices we’ve ever seen. Your Favorite Anker Products Readers have purchased more than 10 million products through links on our network since 2012, and…Read more The cheapest model (LC40) is IP65 dust and water resistant, but actually doesn’t include a rechargeable battery. However, you can run it on three AAAs or a single rechargeable 18650 battery, which are cheap and easy to find. Advertisement Advertisement The next step up (LC90) is far brighter (900 lumens vs. 400), and includes a rechargeable battery and a microUSB port, while the most expensive model (LC130) is brighter still at 1300 lumens, and is IP67 rated, meaning you could even use it underwater. Once you’ve decided which model you want, you have a few different options to save today. First off, the LC130 is $15 off its usual $60, no promo code required. If you’d like the LC90, you can either get if for $22 with promo code HGBGOIWV, or pay the usual $30 for the LC90, and get a FREE LC40 with promo code NWSSMJOF. If you go this route, you’ll need to add both to your cart before entering the code. $45 Anker Bolder LC130 LED Flashlight, IP67 Water-Resistant,… From amazon 5181 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $22 Anker Bolder LC90 LED Flashlight, IP65 Water-Resistant,… From amazonUse code HGBGOIWV 4014 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker Bolder LC40 LED Flashlight, Pocket-Sized LED Torch, Super… From amazonUse code NWSSMJOF 6892 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Rubbermaid Custom Closet Folding Laundry Hamper, $12 Rubbermaid’s fold-up laundry hamper is actually Amazon’s top seller in the category, and it’s on sale today for just $12. You’ve probably accidentally washed more money than that in your jeans pockets this year. $12 Rubbermaid Configurations Custom Closet Folding Laundry Hamper,… From amazon 32 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Lifestyle Deals The Panasonic Arc4 is one of your favorite electric shavers, and $72 is the best price Amazon’s ever listed on this model, which includes a clever pop-out trimmer for detail work and touch-ups. $72 Panasonic ES8243A Arc4 Electric Razor for Men, 4-Blade Cordless… From amazon 2344 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Five Best Electric Razors Last week we asked you which electric razors brought the closest shave and the best features. Now…Read more Callaway Home Range Practice System, $113 Golfing gear is about as stereotypical as Father’s Day gifts can get, but this Callaway home range practice system actually looks really cool. $113 gets you a net, a hitting mat, and a caddy/feeder that can hold 35 balls and drop them onto the hitting zone with a tap of a club. With a few short-lived exceptions, this is the best price Amazon’s ever listed, so tee off on this deal before it sells out. $113 Callaway Home Range Practice System From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now OxyLED USB Rechargeable Headlight, $9 with code OXY1HL02 You don’t need to be a spelunker to use a headlamp; they’ll come in handy any time you need some extra light and two hands free. So even if you don’t think you need one right this minute, you might as well order one for $9 with code OXY1HL02. $9 LED Headlamp, OxyLED USB Rechargeable Headlight LED Headlamps, 9… From amazonUse code OXY1HL02 76 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Hayneedle Outdoor Sale Hayneedle is a one-stop-shop for affordable home goods that don’t look like they’re from the bargain bin. And, right now they’re giving you up to 60% off a ton of outdoor stuff (like Zero Gravity chairs for $39). Plus, a bunch of things are extra discounts. Check out the promo codes below: Advertisement Advertisement Extra 10% off hammocks and stands with code HAMMOCK Extra 10% off fire pits with code FIREPIT10 Extra 10% off planters with code GARDEN Extra 10% off patio umbrellas with the code UMBRELLA 25% off select styles What better way to get ready for the better weather than discounted Under Armour gear? Take an extra 25% off practically every style you can think of, with styles for both men and women. From the classic Under Armour long-sleeves to training shoes to their Threadborne microthread technology, this gear is perfect for running outside in the warmer months. 299 Piece First Aid Kit, $12 A first aid kit is one of those things you should probably keep in your glove box, and you should definitely have at home, and at $12 for 299 pieces, there’s no excuse not to be prepared for minor accidents. It includes bandages, gauze, medicines, an instant cold pack, and more, all tucked away in a refillable soft pack. You can thank us later. $12 First Aid Only All-purpose First Aid Kit, Soft Case with Zipper,… From amazon 3817 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Media Deals Children’s and Young Adult Kindle Ebook Sale This weekend’s Kindle ebook sale is focused on children’s and young adult books, but we won’t tell if you buy one for yourself. Marvel Digital Comic Sale Amazon’s running a Marvel digital comic sale that’s bigger than any Avengers movie today, with literally thousands of titles marked down to $5 or less. You’ll find everything from the Guardians of the Galaxy to Darth Vader to Deadpool to Captain America in there, and every hero in between, so there’s never been a better time to stock your digital shelves. The selection is overwhelming (nearly 400 pages!), so if you have any specific suggestions, drop them in the comments. $1 Marvel Graphic Novel #5: X-Men: God Loves, Man Kills From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $2 Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 1: Cosmic Avengers From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $2 Infinity Gauntlet From amazon 338 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Gaming Deals Logitech C922x Webcam, $80 Logitech’s C922x webcam is designed specifically for all you Twitch streamers and vloggers out there. In addition to 1080/60 recording and autofocus, this camera can actually dynamically remove the background of your room, no green screen required (Windows only). It’s been as low as $50 on a couple of short-lived occasions, but $80 is the best price Amazon’s listed all year. $80 Logitech C922x Pro Stream Webcam – 1080p HD Camera for Streaming… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now AmazonBasics Bocce Ball Set, $28 Amazon’s running a Father’s Day discount on its in-house bocce ball set, because...dads love bocce ball, I guess? This isn’t an all-time low price, but it’s been selling for $33 lately. $28 AmazonBasics Bocce Ball Set with Soft Carrying Case - 100mm From amazon 791 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 1 Year PlayStation Plus Membership, $48 It’s been awhile since we’ve seen a decent PlayStation Plus deal, so if your membership is due to expire soon (or not), grab another year for $48 today, which is about as low as it’s gotten since Sony jacked up the price by $10. Tech Dell Latitude E7250 12.5” Laptop, Intel i5-5300U 2.3GHz, 256GB SSD, 8GB DDR3, Windows 10 Pro | $460 | Amazon Google Home Smart Speaker | $105 | Newegg Anker PowerCore II 20000 Portable Charger, 20000mah | $36 | Amazon Refurb Echo Dot | $38 | Amazon Amazon Echo Dot Case (fits Echo Dot 2nd Generation only) | $10 | Amazon Blue Yeti USB Microphone | $90 | Amazon Logitech C922x Pro Stream Webcam – 1080p HD Camera for Streaming and Recording at 60 FPS – Background Replacement Technology | $80 | Amazon AmazonBasics USB Type-C to Micro-B 2.0 Cable | $6 | Amazon Insignia - 4-Device Universal Remote | $15 | Best Buy Home Pedigree Dentastix Dog Treats Gold Box | Amazon Refurb Bissell Symphony All-in-One Vacuum and Steam Mop | $85 | Amazon Petnet SmartFeeder, Automatic Pet Feeder for Cats and Dogs | $129 | Amazon 1byone Digital Kitchen Scale Precise Cooking Scale | $9 | Amazon Gerber Dime Multi-Tool Travel, Bladeless | $14 | Amazon GERBER Bear Grylls Survival Hatchet | $25 | Amazon Ninja Express Chop | $22 | Amazon Hydration Backpack, Evecase Daypack | $17 | Amazon Cheese-Grater-Vegetable-Slicer Stainless Steel - 6-sides | $11 | Amazon Lifestyle Scrubba Portable Laundry System Wash Bag | $42 | Amazon Panasonic ES8243A Arc4 Electric Razor | $72 | Amazon Media Select Children’s & Young Adult Kindle books | $2 | Amazon Wonder Woman Funko Pop and Toy Sale | Best Buy Gaming AmazonBasics Bocce Ball Set with Soft Carry Case | $28 | Amazon FIFA 17 | $20 | Best Buy Shep McAllister shep@gizmodomedia.com @shepmcallister Managing Deals Editor | Send deal submissions to deals@gizmodomedia.com You may also like Deals Save On Anker's PowerCore II, the Sequel To Your Favorite Battery Pack Yesterday 10:52am Deals Sunday's Best Deals: Adidas Apparel, SONOS, Yi Action Cam, and More Today 10:35am Deals Today's Best Deals: Marvel Comics, Golf Practice Set, Beverage Samples, and More Friday 10:01am Recent from Shep McAllister 7 22.4K Deals · Shep McAllister Start Or Expand Your SONOS Collection With a Pair of Rare Discounts Today 10:42am 5 22.3K Deals · Shep McAllister Save On Anker's PowerCore II, the Sequel To Your Favorite Battery Pack Yesterday 10:52am 13K Deals · Shep McAllister Cut Your Cleaning Time In Half: This $85 Bissell Vacuum Is Also a Steam Mop Yesterday 8:23am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
What to expect at Apple's big event Monday - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases What to expect at Apple's big event Monday Posted: Saturday, June 3, 2017 9:52 AM EDT Updated: Saturday, June 3, 2017 9:52 AM EDT By Heather Kelly SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Apple is playing catch up. Six years ago, it was the first major tech company with a voice assistant. Now Amazon's Echo and Google's Home smart speakers are finally making the assistants mainstream, while Apple's Siri flounders. Next week at WWDC, Apple may try to get back in the game by announcing a Siri smart speaker. CEO Tim Cook and other Apple executives will show previews of the next iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV operating systems during a Monday keynote address in San Jose, California. There are also rumors the company will announce a new smart speaker and updates to its Mac and iPad lines. WWDC stands for World Wide Developer Conference, though some Apple fans insist on calling it "dub dub." The annual three day event is an opportunity for software developers to come and learn more about making apps for Apple products. Here's a taste of what we can expect on Monday. Updates for iOS and macOS This is when Apple traditionally gives everyone a sneak peak at the next operating systems for iPads, iPhones and Macs. It gives developers time to make programs before fall's big iPhone releases. This is the iPhone's 10 year anniversary. In addition to releasing a special iPhone update later this year, a bigger than usual iOS update would also make sense. Beyond a visual overhaul, Apple could include updates to Apple Music and some core apps like Maps. Last year it tried to make Messages young and hip. The Snapchat-ification of iOS could continue, with more sharing features. Look for some iPad Pro specific updates, like expanded Apple stylus powers that would allow doodling and annotating in more apps. Rumors are thin for the recently renamed macOS, but fixing iTunes would be a real crowd pleaser. Siri came to the Mac last year. Apple could add more features and third-party integrations to the voice assistant, possibly part of a larger Siri overhaul. New crossover features could make it easier to bounce back between iOS and macOS, similar to what Microsoft and Google are doing with their own operating systems. Apple's own Siri smart speaker The biggest buzz this year is for an all new type of hardware, the first since the Apple Watch. A Siri smart speaker could be announced on Monday, though likely not available until later in the year. Like Amazon's Echo and Google's Home, an Apple speaker would use always-listening technology to make Siri omnipresent in the home. Apple has been stingy about opening Siri up to third-party developers, and the assistant has suffered because of it. At the very least, Apple does excel at beautiful design. The company could turn out something more striking than Amazon's utilitarian black tube or Google's air freshener. A bigger iPad Pro Apple is rumored to be working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, with a screen that inches even closer to the edges of the device. It's a minor bump, but could be a hit with iPad Pro fans. Software updates for Apple Watch and TV The younger siblings of the Apple hardware world, the Apple TV and Apple Watch are also due for some software updates. In the past, these updates have been solid improvements to the products, if a little lacking in flash. New MacBooks Apple hasn't forgotten about its laptops. The company is expected to upgrade the MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook Air with new, faster processors. The MacBook Air has been neglected by the company in recent years, but an affordable update to the smallest member of the MacBook family could help Apple with its push to reclaim the education market. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » WWDC 2017 – Things To Look Forward To WWDC 2017 – Things To Look Forward To Home » Apple » WWDC 2017 – Things To Look Forward To Posted By Jane Danes on Jun 3, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https://developer.apple.com/wwdc/images/wwdc17-og.jpg The Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) is on Monday. There are a lot of things that we can expect from this event, from iPhone to Mac to Siri-controlled speaker. Usually, it’s a show that focuses on iOS and MacOS. However, rumor has it that the company is going to share some hardware news as well, making it more engrossing than usual. Regarding software, the company will announce the latest updates to its iOS and MacOS, as well as watchOS and tvOS. Every year, Apple releases updates for these platforms in June. The iOS will have an updated user interface. Although details about it aren’t clear, one possibility could be that there will be a dark mode feature that changes the interface form white to black. It’s not just for visual purposes, but it could save battery life. This feature is almost the same as in the Apple Watch. Bloomberg reported that the updates for iPad would have support for a stylus. Some of its apps might be updated to enable users to use a pen when using them. It could mimic the abilities of S Pen styluses in Samsung. The Pro iPad may improve its multitasking capacity by offering a drag-and-drop feature. It may also support multiple user accounts. Apple may also provide lots of updates for its apps. Last year, the company announced some changes to its apps. So, it would not be a surprise to see that it would continue pushing those updates this year. Siri Updates Industry experts expect that the company will expand Siri services. It has stared to open Siri to developers through its Apps Extensions in iOS 10. The Sirikit APIs cover set of functions, but it’s limited to payments, messaging, ride booking, and fitness apps, among others. In this year’s event, Apple may expand Siri access beyond the app categories. It’s taking a slow approach, but it’s adding more categories to the list. Users now can ask the digital assistant to grab an Uber ride or control their fitness tracking software. However, they can’t purchase anything the way they do with Alexa assistant. The nature of Siri’s augmentations is unclear. But one thing is for sure. Apple wants to have an answer to Alexa and other competition virtual assistants that have brown in popularity. Peer-to-Peer Payments Apple is reported to have a payment service that could compete with Square Cash and Venmo. But details of it aren’t clear yet. Some are saying that it’s going to be a feature of Apple Pay; others stated that it would be a feature in iMessage. According to Jimmy Iovine during his interview with Bloomberg, Apple Music will have a new design to offer better video. Apple’s original shows will come out soon. So, that feature isn’t surprising. On August 8, we’ll finally see Carpool Karaoke and hear Planet of the Apps on Monday. How about macOS? For many years now, the company hasn’t made massive updates to macOS. However, we can expect Apple to keep polishing it and add new features. Last year, the company introduced Siri to macOS. This year, it might get more powerful. Every year, an operating system for Apple Watch and TV have seen many changes. However, there are no details yet as to what to expect from these platforms. But, surely, the company would keep changing them to improve the user experience. Apple TV executive believed that the future of Internet TV would become more interactive. Thus, it’s more likely that the tvOS would enable developers to produce more interactive apps. It’s been reported that Amazon Prime Video would run on Apple TV. Siri-Controlled Speaker We’ve reported about it that Apple has started manufacturing this speaker that could compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home. It’s likely that Apple will announce it on Monday. We can expect changes to Siri this year. Apple will allow app developers to use this new device. It may adopt a similar model on how it distributes apps for its smartwatch. Developers can build features for Siri into the heart of the mobile app. The rumored Siri-controlled speaker will have virtual surround sound so it can have a better audio quality than its competitors. It can also function as a hub for Apple HomeKit. This integration may be enough for it to stand out from its competition. Thus, if you have an iPhone, this speaker is the easiest way for you to get started with the speaker. 10.5-Inch iPad Pro It’s not certain yet. But analysts are saying that the company is working on a bigger iPad Pro that has a size of 10.5 inches. It may have the same sizes as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. However, it’ll have a larger screen size. MacBooks It’s time for Apple to provide updates for MacBooks and MacBook Pros. Since Kaby Lake is out, Apple must start updating its laptops to support it. Kaby Lake offers more power and battery life. The Pro could have an option to have more RAM. But it’s not certain yet. The MacBook Air hasn’t been updated for two years. It looks like the company would watch it die. However, the sales have remained strong. Bloomberg reported that it’s going to receive updates that would include support for Kaby Lake processors. MacMini Users of Mac mini are hoping the hardware would get an upgrade. Likewise, Apple TV enthusiasts would want it to get upgraded to 4k. But all of these are still unlikely. How about VR and VR functionalities? Apple hasn’t announced anything yet. Google and Facebook have stated they’re going to embrace VR and AR more. But it’s not clear if Apple would do the same. However, it could include some augmented-reality-feature to its iPhone Camera app. If it would happen, it could show that the company is, indeed, dipping its toe in this area. At this year’s event, its smartphones may be off the table. iMacs, too, may not be included. The company may have promised new Mac Pro; it’s not going to arrive until next year. These are just expectations. Let’s see what it would unveil this Monday. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Apple Inc. (AAPL): You’re Right to Be Skeptical of AAPL Stock Apple opens its Worldwide Developer Conference next week on top of the world. By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 3, 2017, 7:00 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Stock’s Feud With Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is an Opportunity Is Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Recession-Proof? Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL): You’re Right to Be Skeptical of AAPL Stock Bitcoin Is Cryptocurrency, But It’s Not Currency Nokia Oyj (ADR) (Nok) Stock Is a Case of Image vs. Reality View All Posts It’s good to be King, but (on Wall Street, at least) a king must justify his crown with every turn of the calendar. Source: Shutterstock As Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) prepares to host its Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) with its shining city on a hill, and with the spaceship now called Apple Park almost complete, the world’s most valuable company ($808 billion and climbing) should be proud to the point of arrogance. And, it is, too. This may be why smart people, such as our Tom Taulli, are worried about Apple as an investment. Good news seems baked-in, he writes, and there are risk factors. There always are, though. Apple’s gains so far in 2017 have practically matched those of Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), which everyone says rules the world. And, they have outpaced those of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG), which everyone says rules the Internet. Apple must be ruling the universe, then, right? Right? Developers, Developers The WWDC is not supposed to be a hardware event. It is meant for Apple’s developers who want to know what new applications they might develop soon for the Macintosh, iPhone, its TV services and the Watch. But, European filings indicate there will be hardware next week. The event is due to focus on the iPad tablet, which badly needs a refresh, although there are rumors of a Siri Speaker that will compete with the Amazon Echo, at a higher price point.  The maturity of its primary market, however, can be seen in its latest ads, already online, which directly target Google’s Android operating system, claiming iOS performs better, with better security and privacy. It needs to, if it is to justify a price tag that can be $500 more than a good Android phone. The New iPhone Good analysts like InvestorPlace’s Vince Martin think Apple will remain stuck in neutral until its new iPhone hits the market and proves its worth. You can expect that phone in the fall, with an edge-to-edge screen, a fingerprint sensor in place of the home button, dual cameras and speakers, along with a flip case that lets it be used as a PC replacement. Employees are being told to be at their posts from September 17 to November 4 to serve the rush. UBS is expecting a massive rush, enough to send the stock up 24%, to $190 per share, which would equate to a market cap of well over $1 trillion. UBS expects millions of iPhone 8s to jump off shelves at $730 each, with 40% of that price flowing to Apple’s net income. It’s these expectations of a “super cycle” that have kept AAPL stock rising through 2017. Apple investors have become accustomed to seeing 20% of revenue flow to net income, with operating margins of 25%. UBS is expecting that to rise. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/apple-inc-right-be-skeptical-aapl-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 04, 2017-Sunday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate New iPhone 8 leaks reveal large display, rear Touch ID According to a new revelation by Chinese site iPhoneros, the iPhone 8 will compete with the likes of Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 displays with an elongated 18.5:9 aspect ratio screen. tech Updated: Jun 03, 2017 18:25 IST Indo Asian News Service, New York An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France on February 1.(Reuters) More details are pouring in about Apple’s 2017 iPhone and if the latest leaks are to be believed, this year’s device will have an all-display front with fingerprint scanner moved to the back. According to a new revelation by Chinese site iPhoneros, the iPhone 8 will compete with the likes of Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 displays with an elongated 18.5:9 aspect ratio screen. The move makes sense as this aspect ratio allows manufacturers to increase the size of a smartphone display while keeping it narrow enough to hold one-handed and still use the keyboard comfortably. However, for this, the app makers will have to redesign their user interfaces while navigation at the top of the display (like the back button in iOS) becomes harder to reach. The handful of images also showed the upcoming iPhone 8 with rear-placed Touch ID placed directly below the Apple logo. The placement matches earlier leaked drawings, showing the vertical camera design, camera flash placement, among other design information. As for the legitimacy of these leaks, iPhoneros claimed that the pictures that came from a Chinese source have provided correct images in the past and “never sent us false information.” more from tech After Ransomware, India hit by new ‘Fireball’ malware; among worst affected Jun 04, 2017 07:37 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST Nurturing Recruitment-Ready Students Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa iPhone 8 to have bezel-less display, fingerprint sensor goes to back: Report India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs RTI reveals Rs 190 crore spent on advertising by Haryana govt in 2 years Jun 04, 2017 15:30 IST Women to be allowed in combat roles in Indian Army, says Gen Bipin Rawat Jun 04, 2017 15:26 IST CRPF rejects RTI application asking for IG report on fake encounter in Assam Jun 04, 2017 15:21 IST Tainted imports? Indian traders say Turkish poppy seeds come from Taliban fields Jun 04, 2017 14:58 IST Bhanwari Devi murder: Focus on close-knit Bishnoi community after Indra’s arrest Jun 04, 2017 14:34 IST Aadhaar mandatory for subsidy on kerosene purchase, Atal Pension Yojana Jun 04, 2017 14:05 IST Dancing groom drops dead minutes before marriage in Bihar’s Kaimur district Jun 04, 2017 13:51 IST Residents trapped as gunfire mars ceasefire at Philippines city Jun 04, 2017 15:41 IST Just before London attack, it was a perfect summer Saturday evening Jun 04, 2017 15:13 IST UK politicians oppose calls to delay June 8 polls after second terror attack in... Jun 04, 2017 14:05 IST Terror attacks strike heart of London; 7 people killed: What we know so far Jun 04, 2017 14:46 IST Philippines casino attack: Police say gunman was indebted gambler, not a terror... Jun 04, 2017 12:31 IST Germany: Afghan man kills Russian boy, is shot dead by police Jun 04, 2017 10:14 IST London terror attack: Sikhs offer refuge, help at Gurudwaras Jun 04, 2017 09:47 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Years needed to properly clean Ganga: Uma Jun 04, 2017 15:14 IST HT Clean My Chandigarh Campaign | The tragic waste site story Jun 04, 2017 14:56 IST Congress attack on Centre caught in map row Jun 04, 2017 13:42 IST Dancing groom drops dead minutes before marriage in Bihar’s Kaimur district Jun 04, 2017 13:51 IST CBSE Class 10th result: Why fewer kids cleared exam despite better show by govt... Jun 04, 2017 14:14 IST CBSE Class 10 result: Chandigarh bucks national trend; pass percentage up Jun 04, 2017 10:54 IST Missed opportunity: PGI could have performed its first lung transplant Jun 04, 2017 11:23 IST Meet CBSE toppers from Mumbai who defied odds Jun 04, 2017 02:03 IST High CBSE scores may affect Maharashtra board students Jun 04, 2017 02:01 IST analysis columns editorials authors Remembering first experiences of life Jun 04, 2017 12:58 IST KPS Gill, a thinker and master strategist Jun 04, 2017 12:29 IST UK election ‘debate’: Can Jeremy Corbyn maintain the momentum against Theresa M... Jun 04, 2017 08:33 IST Indian economy: Latest GDP estimates show the worst is not over Jun 04, 2017 11:30 IST Poetry versus cancer: Tough lessons from a Facebook fund drive in Chandigarh Jun 04, 2017 00:21 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Steve Finn replaces Chris Woakes in England team Jun 04, 2017 15:48 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pakistan bowl vs India, Ravichandran Ashwin left out Jun 04, 2017 15:13 IST Craig McDermott applies for Indian cricket team coach job: Report Jun 04, 2017 14:29 IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy, Birmingham - Live weather updates Jun 04, 2017 15:52 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Australia should target Bangladesh bowling - Glenn Maxwell Jun 04, 2017 13:25 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Steve Finn replaces Chris Woakes in England team Jun 04, 2017 15:48 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pakistan bowl vs India, Ravichandran Ashwin left out Jun 04, 2017 15:13 IST Craig McDermott applies for Indian cricket team coach job: Report Jun 04, 2017 14:29 IST Hundreds of Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin after UCL 2017 final Jun 04, 2017 13:57 IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy, Birmingham - Live weather updates Jun 04, 2017 15:52 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Shaheer Sheikh: I didn’t join TV industry for fame; don’t know how to handle adulation Jun 04, 2017 15:51 IST In celebration of Wonder Woman’s success, here are ecstatic reactions from cele... Jun 04, 2017 15:17 IST Boycott India vs Pakistan match? It’s at Birmingham stadium, not at Wagah border:... Jun 04, 2017 15:10 IST Priyanka Chopra chills with Nicole Kidman, Kendall Jenner; tweets pics. Check them... Jun 04, 2017 14:48 IST I am dancing and doing stunts like a foolish man: Salman Khan on working in Tiger... Jun 04, 2017 15:09 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Mothers who breastfeed babies may cut chronic pain from Caesarean section Jun 04, 2017 15:45 IST Primary olive oil ingredient may help prevent brain cancer: Study Jun 04, 2017 15:30 IST Never start gymming without proper guidance from an expert. It could cost your ... Jun 04, 2017 15:28 IST Now, a disposable, wearable patch to detect sleep apnea Jun 04, 2017 14:30 IST To-be-mothers, beware: Maternal sleep apnea may up birth defects in newborns Jun 04, 2017 14:10 IST NTPC sets up electric vehicle charging stations in Delhi, Noida Jun 03, 2017 22:17 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST GST rates for gold, garments, footwear out. Here’s how much you have to pay Jun 04, 2017 04:57 IST India’s national accounts on economic growth wrong: Vijay Joshi Jun 03, 2017 18:47 IST NTPC forays into electric vehicle charging stations business Jun 03, 2017 18:23 IST SpiceJet Q4 net profit falls 43% on higher fuel costs, demonetisation Jun 03, 2017 18:03 IST GST may cause temporary disruption but will benefit in long run: JLR India chief Jun 03, 2017 17:23 IST After Ransomware, India hit by new ‘Fireball’ malware; among worst affected Jun 04, 2017 07:37 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST New iPhone 8 leaks reveal large display, rear Touch ID Jun 03, 2017 18:25 IST Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Jun 03, 2017 16:30 IST Motorola launches Moto C in India for Rs 5,999 Jun 02, 2017 20:22 IST Motorola launches new Moto C with Quad-core chip, 4G, 2350 mAh battery: Check prices... Jun 02, 2017 20:21 IST Now scan text, convert docs to PDFs using Adobe Scan Jun 02, 2017 15:45 IST CBSE Class 10th result: Why fewer kids cleared exam despite better show by govt schools in Delhi Jun 04, 2017 14:14 IST CBSE Class 10 result: Chandigarh bucks national trend; pass percentage up Jun 04, 2017 10:54 IST ‘She is our star’: UP girl beats 100% disability to score 8.8 in CBSE 10th exam Jun 04, 2017 10:27 IST Govt bans 32 private medical colleges from admitting students for two years Jun 04, 2017 07:26 IST CBSE Class 10 results out: Delhi’s pass percentage falls sharply by over 13% Jun 04, 2017 00:13 IST Photos: Ramzan prayers and feasting from a different eye Jun 02, 2017 12:55 IST Photos: Beat the scorching Delhi heat with some melons Jun 02, 2017 09:26 IST Photos | In MP’s Raisen fort hill, Ramzan also means firing a... Jun 01, 2017 10:22 IST NSG commandos defuse 59 live shells in Mumbai, mission a booming... May 31, 2017 19:09 IST Celebrating success: NDA cadets graduate, stage passing out... May 31, 2017 17:50 IST Meet the Kabuliwalas of Kolkata Jun 03, 2017 22:43 IST EVM challenge to prove machines can’t be rigged, underway Jun 03, 2017 16:49 IST Ramdev adopts, sponsors over 100 orphans of Kedarnath tradegy Jun 03, 2017 14:58 IST Ireland’s new PM Varadkar’s family in India expresses happiness Jun 03, 2017 13:11 IST Mobile internet services restored in Kashmir valley after 6 days Jun 03, 2017 12:56 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 1 Huge Winner From Apple Inc.'s Next iPhone This successful Apple supplier looks to extend its winning streak by boosting its dollar content inside the next iPhone. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 3, 2017 at 9:30AM In just a few months, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch three new iPhone models -- direct successors to the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones that are currently in the market as well as a more premium model packed with interesting features and functionality that won't be present in the "standard" models. There have been many unofficial leaks about the new iPhone models, indicating some of the new features and functionality that'll be in the phones as well as potential supply chain winners in the new phone. Image source: Apple. In this column, I'd like to go over a confirmed winner from Apple's next-generation iPhone models: Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO). A big content increase Here are three clear ways that an Apple supplier can benefit from the ramp up of a next-generation iPhone: Share gain: Apple often has multiple suppliers for a given iPhone component, a practice that lowers Apple's risk while at the same time giving it bargaining power. One way that a supplier can boost its Apple-related business performance, then, is to increase its share of Apple's orders for a given component. Content growth: With each generation, Apple adds more features and capabilities to its phones. If a component supplier can provide Apple with differentiated components that add substantial new features, there's a chance that it can get paid extra for that component relative to what it provided into a prior-generation phone. Broad iPhone growth: To the extent that a next-generation iPhone outsells the previous one in the marketplace, a component vendor that has managed to keep its share (as a percentage of total new iPhone units shipped) and dollar content flat should enjoy revenue growth. Given that the upcoming iPhone models are, in aggregate, widely expected to outsell their predecessors, investors in Apple suppliers should already expect reasonable year-over-year growth in component revenue. What's interesting, though, is that Broadcom CEO Hock Tan signaled on the company's June 1 earnings call that the company expects the next-generation flagship smartphone from its "large North American smartphone customer" to drive "a substantial increase in [Broadcom's] total dollar content" from what he says are the eight Broadcom products that will be in the device. What does this content increase mean for the consumer? The "substantial increase" in Broadcom dollar content in the new iPhone likely means that the new device will see significant improvements in both cellular capabilities as well as a boost in Wi-Fi/Bluetooth capability. It also appears to confirm the rumors that Apple will use a Broadcom wireless charging solution. In terms of cellular capabilities, I expect that the main addition will be carrier aggregation on the uplink, which should translate into faster upload speeds. Given that the new devices will likely use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) XMM 7480 modem for some models and a Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) MDM9645 for others, I don't expect an improvement in peak download speeds from the 450 megabits per second that the iPhone 7/7 Plus are capable of. As far as Wi-Fi/Bluetooth capability is concerned, the same source (research from J.P. Morgan) that suggested that the new iPhone models would use a Broadcom-based wireless charging solution also claims that the new iPhone will support Bluetooth 5.0 connectivity. I wouldn't be surprised, then, to see Apple adopt the same Broadcom connectivity chip that's currently used in the Galaxy S8 (which includes Bluetooth 5.0 capability). All told, this increase in content means better wireless performance (always a plus for a device that's so heavily dependent on connectivity to be useful) and wireless charging, which, if implemented correctly, could be a convenient feature. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom Ltd and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 3, 2017 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Broadcom Ltd NASDAQ:AVGO $254.53 up $19.94 (8.50%) Read More Key Takeaways From Broadcom Ltd.'s Earnings Call Broadcom Limited Boosts Dividend, Long-Term Margin Target If You Love Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., You Should Check Out Broadcom Ltd. Broadcom Ltd Already a Big Winner From the Upcoming iPhone 7 What to Watch When Broadcom Reports Earnings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1 Huge Winner From Apple Inc.'s Next iPhone @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $INTC, $AVGO
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa | Main | Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications » June 03, 2017 Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses   Apple's WWDC 2017 keynote kicks off on Monday morning and the buzz is that Apple will introduce a new Siri home device that will be Apple's entry into a space that is now dominated by Amazon's 'Echo' and Google's 'Google Home' devices.   Yesterday the Hong Kong patent office granted Apple two design patents for two distinct Siri icons. I was hoping to find a number of new features in their international classes that would confirm new Siri services added to their standard list that is known today. While there was no home run to be found that would relate to a new home device specifically, there were two interesting entries.   Today, Siri can make a reservation at a restaurant but not a hotel. The new entry under international class 09 covers making hotel reservations. The other new item is under the "remote control for" category and under that list it now includes "smart glasses" which was also added to Apple's smart glasses patent back in January 2017 and another earlier this month. You could check out the class details in our report as there could be more to discover. Our report also includes two jumbo graphics below.   Apple is likely to update their Siri icon class coverage once their new device comes to market later this year. The other classes the icons were filed under include #35 and #42. Class 35 covers basic advertising and marketing while class 42 covers IT services, browsing and retrieving information.   Apple's Siri Icon was filed under International Class 09 as noted in full below. Apple's European registered patent number is 016063372         Posted by Jack Purcher on June 03, 2017 at 06:59 AM in 2. Granted Patents | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Best Companies Apple May Unveil New Hardware at WWDC Don Reisinger Jun 03, 2017 It's the calm before the storm for Apple. But that hasn't stopped the rumors. Apple on Monday will hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, Calif. While the show has historically focused on software, like Apple's iOS and macOS operating systems, several recent rumors suggest hardware like new iPads and a new smart home hub may feature prominently on stage. But there's more going on than just WWDC. Apple CEO Tim Cook has responded to this week's decision by President Donald Trump to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. And at long last, Apple has shared the premiere date for its upcoming Web series, Carpool Karaoke. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Read on for this week's biggest Apple headlines: Apple (aapl) on Monday could unveil a new smart home hub that would let users control smart home devices like light bulbs, set reminders for events, and interact with music playlists. The device would be powered by Apple's virtual personal assistant Siri and will come with high-quality (and loud) speakers, Bloomberg reported this week, citing sources. While Apple will reportedly unveil the device at the show, it likely won't release the Siri-powered gadget until later this year. The smart home device could be announced alongside new iPad Pro models, including one with a 10.5-inch screen. Existing iPad Pro models have 9.7- and 12.9-inch screens. Apple could be to blame for the widespread Nintendo Switch shortage, according to a Wall Street Journal report this week. The Journal's sources said that suppliers of memory, liquid-crystal displays, and other components are filling Apple's orders before Nintendo's, forcing the video game company to wait for components for its popular Switch game console. Nintendo (ntdoy) has said that Switch supply will remain low through the end of the year, and if supply chain sources are correct, Apple may be the reason. One of Qualcomm's top engineers has left the company to join Apple. The iPhone maker, which is embroiled in an international dispute with Qualcomm, recently hired Esin Terzioglu to work in an undisclosed capacity at the company. Terzioglu previously led Qualcomm's communications chip business. After President Trump announced this week that he would withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord, Apple's CEO reiterated his company's commitment to the environment. He said that "climate change is real," adding that he was "disappointed" by the president's decision. Cook is said to have called the president at the White House earlier this week to lobby him to stay in the Paris Climate agreement. This is Fortune’s weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week’s roundup, click here. One more thing...Apple's long-awaited Carpool Karaoke series will debut on Aug. 8. The series will be available on Apple Music, which started as a music-streaming service, but also accommodates videos and streaming shows. Apple had reportedly planned to premiere the show in the spring, and, in April announced that it would be delayed until later in 2017. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Apple WWDC 2017: What to Expect Apple WWDC 2017: What to Expect By Matthew Buzzi June 3, 2017 10 Comments Check out the most prominent rumors and speculation about WWDC ahead of Monday's keynote. Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) kicks off Monday in San Jose, where we expect to hear about the new versions of iOS and MacOS, and perhaps One More Thing. We'll have hands-on coverage from the event floor that day, but for now, here are some of the most prominent rumors and likely announcements making the rounds in the lead up to the keynote. iOS 11 and MacOS 10.13 The only true surefire bets for WWDC are new versions of Apple's mobile and computer software platforms. Most Apple consumers will end up with some or all of the announced features depending on which products they use, and developers are eager to hear what they'll have to work with, so these will be the stars of the show. Expect the usual updates to core apps like Safari and Mail, with productivity enhancements across the board. Exact feature additions will read more like a wish list since little is known or confirmed currently, but maybe we'll see announcements like conference calls in FaceTime. Improvements for watchOS and tvOS should also be on display, mainly in the form of more integration into the two main platforms. Increased Siri functionality and unification across the platform might play a big part in the conference, too, especially if the next rumor turns out to be true. Siri Speaker Apple's answer to Alexa (and more recently, Google Home) has been long expected, and it seems like this could be the year we finally see one. Whether this is something consumers are itching for remains to be seen—no doubt many interested in a voice assistant have given in and purchased an Amazon Echo or Google Home by now, but the Apple ecosystem could be enough of an incentive to buy. Either way, Bloomberg reports that a Siri speaker has already entered production, so there's a good chance we see it on Monday. That said, Apple could wait to debut the speaker later in the year, which would be closer to its expected shipping date. If reports are true, it will differentiate itself from the Echo and Google Home with features like virtual surround and, as mentioned, integration with the already ubiquitous lineup of Apple products in millions of homes. MacBook and MacBook Pro Refreshes The standard MacBook and MacBook Pro lines were given some love in 2016 with modest redesigns and, in the case of the Pro, the introduction of the Touch Bar. As such, any announcements about these two lines at WWDC will likely include minor component updates, such as the latest generation Intel processors, rather than major physical or feature changes. There have been some industry rumblings to support this speculation, but it may turn out this traditionally software-focused event saves its MacBook overhaul for a product that might need it a little more attention. New MacBook Air? The Air remains an all-time favorite laptop for many, despite Apple's relatively infrequent updates to the line. It's appealing as the cheapest (comparatively) entry in Apple's laptop line, and did not receive the 2016 refresh its counterparts did. An "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" approach makes some sense here, but the most recent MacBook Air was released in 2015, and if Apple skips another upgrade, 2018 is an awfully long wait in computer time. If it does arrive, expect a USB-C only approach, since even the "thicker" 2016 MacBook dropped the larger standard USB ports. The 1,440-by-900-display resolution would almost definitely receive a boost, since it was already on the low side in 2015, and its great battery life may very well creep even closer to 20 hours. Refined iPad Pro If the existing 9.7- and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models don't do it for you, how does something in the middle sound? Thanks in part to analyst expectations (as reported by Mac Rumors), there's plenty of buzz suggesting a 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC that similar in size to the 9.7-inch model. The extra screen space will be made possible by much thinner bezels—nearly edge-to-edge—so that Apple can fit a larger screen in a smaller body. In fact, it may replace the 9.7-inch version altogether, since it's essentially the same size with a bigger display. Odds are this won't be the only upgrade: The usual component updates like better cameras, a new processor, and maybe a new Apple Pencil would fill out the rest of this announcement. Back to top Previous : Astronauts Performed an Unscheduled Spacewalk Today By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Logitech MX Anywhere 2S The Logitech MX Anywhere 2 is a well-built, versatile mouse that lives up to its name with a travel-... More » LG gram 14 (2017) The LG gram 14 is a super-light, speedy laptop with top-notch battery life. It lacks that luxury fee... More » Huawei MateBook X The MateBook X is a promising super-thin laptop with a smart metal design. Port limitations aside, i... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Opinion: This is the most recommended US stock MarketWatch Mark Hulbert 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Will the Flynn investigation reverse Trump era stock market gains? Trump's Paris adieu is not such a big win for coal and oil Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO As Buffett scales out, the transformational thing IBM could do next CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT Video by CNBC Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. Load Error Apple is not the U.S. stock that is currently recommended by the greatest number of newsletter editors. Believe it or not, it’s IBM (IBM) , which for years has represented in many investors’ eyes the kind of old, stodgy and washed-up company that nimble firms like Apple (AAPL) run circles around. But a surprisingly large number of market-beating newsletters editors I monitor think that view is unfair. In essence, they argue that IBM is a growth company that trades like a value stock. Many of the newsletter editors credit IBM’s “Watson” for much of the company’s growth potential. Gray Cardiff, editor of the Sound Advice newsletter, describes Watson as IBM’s artificial intelligence “super computer that can ‘think’ like a human.” Notes Cardiff: “Watson cognitively scans a world of data and applies relevant information to what it learns about a company’s business and systems to create new revenue streams, reduce expenses, and make existing operations more efficient. We have only begun to see and imagine the uses of artificial intelligence. IBM is the leader in that field and on a solid path to provide a growing abundance of opportunities in the months and years ahead.” John Buckingham, editor of the Prudent Speculator newsletter, adds that “the growth opportunity for the company’s Strategic Imperatives is high. Watson continues to impress with deployments in Health Care, Internet of Things and Financial Services.” Despite such optimism, IBM stock in out of favor and trades solidly in the value camp. Its price/earnings ratio based on trailing 12 months’ earnings is 12.6, compared to almost double that for the S&P 500 (SPX) . IBM’s P/E based on estimated earnings for the next 12 months is even lower, at 11.1.© Provided by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. The newsletter editors also are impressed with IBM’s high dividend yield — 3.9% currently — that provides investors with a nice cushion during the time those editors think it could take for the rest of the market to discover the stock’s potential. Also impressive to them is that, with IBM’s recent 10-cent increase in its quarterly dividend, the company has now raised its dividend in each of the last 22 years. Kelley Wright, editor of Investment Quality Trends, bases his recommendation of IBM on its dividend yield. In fact, he calculates that the stock wouldn’t become overvalued until it’s trading at $462 — which represents more than a triple from where IBM is trading today. Moreover, each of these advisers recommending IBM has a market-beating track record. John Buckingham’s Prudent Speculator, for example, has beaten the broad stock market by 1.7 percentage points annualized over the past 30 years. Though my performance monitoring service has been tracking Gray Cardiff’s and Kelley Wright’s newsletters for less time, they also have beaten the market: Wright’s market-topping margin over the past 20 years annualized is 2.6 percentage points, while Cardiff’s over the past 15 years is 1.7 points. For the record, I should emphasize that the newsletter editors I monitor don’t actively dislike Apple. Many are recommending it also. They just like IBM more. Read: Has Apple’s stock finally run out of steam? Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Marketwatch Slow job creation usually bad. Now, it might be a good sign MarketWatch Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. turmoil MarketWatch Opinion: How globalization sunk many Americans deeper in debt MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 6/3/2017 7:33 AM Is Apple ready to enter the home hub market? Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Amazon and Google currently dominate the home hub market. (AP File Photo/Jeff Chiu)   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     Speculation over what Apple will do to compete in the home hub market is spinning up ahead of Apple's annual developer's conference, where many analysts expect Apple will confirm the project. And what will be the Apple home hub's distinguishing feature? It may be sound quality, according a report from Bloomberg. The Siri-infused speaker will really focus on producing quality surround sound and may also have a feature that can measure the room it's in and adjust its sound accordingly, the report said. While there were not any details on how this room-adapting feature works, it sounds similar to one already on Sonos speakers, called TruePlay, which uses the microphone in an iOS device to measure a room. Apple declined to comment on the report. Focusing on sound quality would give Apple an advantage, particularly given its historical strength in music, if it moves to another front in its war against Google and Amazon. Both firms already have smart speakers on the market that integrate with their own services, but are somewhat lacking when it comes to sound quality. Still, it will be stiff competition. Both Google and Amazon are continually adding features to their devices and the voice assistants they house. Google, at its own developers conference, announced that its Google Home will work with more devices, thanks to a Bluetooth connection, as well as even deeper integration with its own services. And Amazon on Thursday announced that its Echo line of smart home hubs now lets users further customize their reminders and timers on the device -- a small but useful update for two core uses of these devices. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) Apart from focusing on sound quality, Apple will also have to find ways to leverage its own ecosystem of services -- iTunes, the App Store, HomeKit, Siri and more -- to convince potential buyers that its hub is right for them. It's not yet clear how it will do this, though Bloomberg reports there will be "deep integration" with Apple services. However, contrary to prior reports from analysts, the Bloomberg report said there will not be a screen on Apple's home hub. That could mean it won't compete, as expected, with Amazon's recent Echo Look -- a home hub that allows for video calling and potentially threatens Apple's FaceTime. Still, Apple has laid some groundwork in the home hub space before, by allowing some smart home devices such as light bulbs to be controlled through its Apple TV, and prominently featuring its own apps for the living room. A smart speaker that builds on what Apple TV has offered would give users more flexibility to decide where to place their home hub. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
ALL SECTIONS Monday June 5, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Monday June 5, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   BIZ PLUS Filipino MLM firm hopes to go global posted June 03, 2017 at 06:01 pm by  Othel V. Campos A Filipino multilevel marketing company is bent on pushing the Philippines as the upline in the distribution of cutting-edge skin resilience products. Forever Healthy Products Inc. started distributing a proprietary product known as Imuregen and Apple stem cell product eight months ago.  “We are a proud MLM company. There’s a good reason why distributor-based marketing is one of the best ways in this  country to provide opportunity to people. With little capital, just give them the opportunity and it will change their lives. We want all Forever Healthy distributors to be the upline in all of our products. We believe that our products are the best in their categories and that they will help improve the lives of many Filipinos, first as anti-aging supplements and as livelihood for those who want to earn a living,” said Forever Healthy president and chief executive Leon Katz. Forever Healthy has developed naturally sweet oral preparations to help initiate the anti-aging process using a special proprietary and patented ingredient derived from a very special apple tree in Switzerland. The apple tree, a very rare specie, now has only three known trees left. From it comes the so-called anti-aging ingredient called mallus domestica. Forever Healthy Products Inc. president and chief executive Leon Katz The malus domestica or domestic apple variety in Switzerland  is a very rare apple tree. Its anti-aging capabilities were discovered when it was mixed side by side with other apples that, after a few months have withered and rot, but the Swiss malus domestica remained as fresh as if it was picked that same day. “This is an apple story that is not traditional. Our story came from an apple longer living than the rest, which was an important ingredient in the formulation of our products. We have this in preparation for over three years now but we  started to officially distribute the products about eight months ago,” Katz said. The stem cell from the apple tree was proven beneficial to health especially the skin. It is being used by Mibelle, a European bio-research company that specializes on cosmetics. Mibelle devised the  beauty serum used by former US First Lady Michelle Obama. Sales, Katz said, had been good since the launch eight months ago. In fact, month-on-month sales in April increased 45 percent. “We’re doing great every week. Month by month we are seeing that dramatic growth. Every month is a record-breaking month,” he said. After the Philippine launch, the company aims to penetrate the American and German markets within the year. “From here, we’re planning to go global. What is significant is that Forever Healthy is a Filipino company. It’s not Malaysian, not American but a Filipino company. We started here because we want to change the lives of many here,” Katz said. Topics: Forever Healthy Products Inc. , Leon Katz Related stories: No related stories matched this topic. More from this Category: GBP buys 50% of Alsons unit SteelAsia proposes 8-year buyout of National Steel in Iligan for P7.4b San Miguel interested in MRT 3 COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING DepEd: PH still lacks 107,000 classrooms  0 |  51 mins ago 'Wonder Woman' muscles in on the men, dominating US box office  0 |  55 mins ago Kerry, Gore blast Trump climate exit  0 |  58 mins ago 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack  0 |  1 hour ago Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks  0 |  1 hour ago ‘I could bomb Marawi’  0 |  11 hours ago RW gunman gambling addict — kin  0 |  11 hours ago 1,200 IS ‘killing machines lurk in PH’  0 |  11 hours ago Battle for Marawi resumes after 4-hour lull; 179 freed  0 |  11 hours ago Terror attacks in London: 7 dead, 48 hurt  0 |  11 hours ago More On Latest News Eagle eyes by Tony La VinaJustice Tony Carpio, hero Drugs funding terrorism ­— Rody  0 |  4 days ago Blue on blue  0 |  3 days ago Resorts World attacked, Dela Rosa points to lone gunman  0 |  3 days ago Saving Mindanao  0 |  4 days ago Nora Aunor celebrates 64th birthday  0 |  4 days ago Joint sea patrols to counter jihadists  0 |  1 day ago Police look into ‘security lapses’  0 |  2 days ago Solon, ISIS insist on terror angle  0 |  1 day ago Duterte taunts Clinton: Look who’s talking  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Apple’s Arborist→ Linked By John Voorhees During his research for a Wired feature on Apple Park, Steven Levy met David Muffly, the arborist who planned the tree species planted at Apple’s new headquarters. On his Backchannel blog, Levy tells the story of how Muffly and Steve Jobs planned the trees that would be planted at Apple Park, including Muffly’s recollection of the first time he saw the mockups of the building: Jobs took him to a room that had foam-core renderings of the proposed new Apple headquarters — a verdant space with lush greenery (80 percent of the space is landscaped) dominated by a huge ring-like building where 12,000 people would work. “I was like, whoa, this is crazy,” recalls Muffly. “And I’m looking at it and my brain is like, it’s the mothership!” Muffly was impressed with Jobs’ extensive knowledge of trees native to Silicon Valley: Jobs knew his trees, too. “He had a better sense than most arborists,” says Muffly. “He could tell visually which ones looked like they had good structure.” On a visit to Jobs’ house in 2011, Muffly saw this in action. They were in Jobs’ backyard garden, and in a neighbor’s yard there were two varieties of trees that Muffly wanted Jobs to choose between. “There was a kind of tree that I wanted to use and one that was more common,” says Muffly. “I asked, Steve, which of those two trees do you prefer? He liked questions like that. And he looked up and he pointed to the one I wanted. I said, Thank you, Steve. That was a good answer.” Like other aspects of Apple Park, the scale of the landscaping is immense with roughly 9,000 trees planned. What I like most about Levy’s piece though, is that it adds a face, personality, and story to those huge numbers. Source: backchannel.com Tags: Apple Park ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple is gearing up too host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin June 5 and ends June 9. The most important announcement could come in the form of a new Siri-powered home speaker. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 4, 2017 3:39 pm Apple is gearing up too host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin June 5 and ends June 9. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple is all set to host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) will begin June 5 and ends June 9. At its developer conference, the Cupertino technology giant is expected to announce a slew of updates on hardware as well as software side. There will be updates around iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. On the hardware side, reports have speculated that Apple might refresh its entire MacBook line-up. Further, the company could showcase a new 10.5-inch iPad model, and announce upgrades to 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros. The most important announcement could come in the form of a new Siri-powered home speaker, which will compete with the likes of Google Home and Echo. In a previous report, Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo had predicted that Apple’s new speaker could cost more than the likes of Echo. Ahead of the WWDC 2017, let us take a look at all the hardware products expected at the conference: Apple’s Siri-powered speaker Reports have suggested that a Siri-powered speaker, similar to Google Home and Amazon Echo could be announced at WWDC as well. According to a Bloomberg report, the iPhone-maker has started manufacturing Siri-controlled smart speaker, though it won’t be ready to ship until later this year. Apple’s new device will offer virtual surround technology, and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, which might give it an edge over rivals. The speaker won’t just provide a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, but also strengthen Apple’s network of services. According to a Bloomberg report, the iPhone-maker has started manufacturing Siri-controlled smart speaker, though it won’t be ready to ship until later this year. “Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command,” the report reads. Apple’s Siri-powered speaker will likely come with multiple tweeters, a woofer and computing power comparable to an “iPhone 6 or 6s”, according to Kuo. Apple is said to fit the device with camera, which will use facial recognition technology to identify people in close proximity of the speaker. Apple MacBooks Apple will refresh its MacBook line-up with faster Intel Kaby Lake processors. To recall, new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar were announced in 2016. Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro is available in variants with and without Touch Bar, while 15-inch MacBook Pro can only be bought in one option – with Touch Bar. However, a lot of professional users weren’t happy with the hardware of Apple’s MacBook Pros. Microsoft called the line-up a “disappointment”. It looks like Apple wants to woo back its customers with a faster processor. Apple will refresh its MacBook line-up with faster Intel Kaby Lake processors. To recall, new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar were announced in 2016. Apple’s 12-inch MacBook along with 13-inch MacBook Air could get an upgrade as well. Recently, a report in French website Consmac revealed that Apple has registered five new ‘personal computers’ bearing model numbers A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419 and A1481. The new Mac computers are expected to be the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros. These model numbers are said to be of computers running macOS 10.12. Reports in the past have revealed that shipping time-frame for the 15-inch MacBook Pro with OLED Touch Bar were refreshed, suggesting updated device is on the way. Now the device will be made available between June 6 to June 8 in the US. Apple iPads New iPads are on the cards as well. According to Consmac report, five iOS devices with model numbers – A1670, A1671, A1701, A1709, and A1843 –  were spotted in a regulatory filing by Apple. Separately, Kuo has predicted new Apple iPads this year. Kuo expects Apple to announce a 10.5-inch iPad model with an all-new design and edge-to-edge display. Apple could upgrade its 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros as well. The two models could get significant upgrades in terms of design, processor, specifications, and more. Finally, device with A1843 is labeled as a wireless keyboard, details of which are missing at this point. The WWDC 2017 keynote will start at 10:00 am, local time on June 5, which is 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST). Indianexpress.com will be keeping a tab on all the announcements from WWDC. More Related News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
June 4, 2017 | 83° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels Business Apple watchers see AI as firm’s next venture By Seung Lee, Mercury News Posted June 03, 2017 June 3, 2017 Updated June 3, 2017 12:05am ASSOCIATED PRESS / 2016 Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. SAN JOSE, Calif. >> With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant might release a new iPad Pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the internet. The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5,000 developers — who each paid $1,599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech Monday morning. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Governor’s race could be crowded Holloway beats Aldo to unify the featherweight title at UFC 212 City plans homeless sweep of state’s Nimitz Highway medians Servco offering repairs, loaners in Toyota recall Jio, Yamaguchi lead their teams to the path to glory Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple’s WWDC 2017: Here’s what to expect The Next Web Bryan Clark 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May under fire for track record of ‘broken promises’ Corbyn slams May's police cuts © Provided by The Next Web On Monday, Apple will kick off its World Wide Developer Conference (WWDC) with a keynote presentation that features the company’s top brass taking the stage to make us ooh and aah over the latest and greatest in macOS and iOS — and typically tvOS and watchOS as well. The event is often all about software, but we’re hearing some rumblings that we could see some hardware news as well, perhaps in the form of a completely new product. Our best guess is the Siri speaker, which would serve as Apple’s Siri-driven smart home hub, a competitor to Google Home and Amazon Echo. Although we’ve heard rumors about a 10.5-inch iPad Pro as well. While we’re short on substantiated rumors this year, we will be on the ground covering the event live starting at 10am PT/1pm ET on Monday (June 5). But for now, here’s what we know (or think we know), based on how certain we are: Highly likely iOS 11 iOS is rumored to receive a complete overhaul, but we doubt that’s going to happen. Instead, you should expect updates to Messages, new features in Photos, and enhanced stylus support. We’ve heard musings that apps like Mail and Safari could even use a stylus similar to Samsung’s S Pen for mobile annotations. This could be highly useful if Apple’s social network/chat app is a thing. Apple is rumored to be working on a social networking app similar to Snapchat or Instagram with an emphasis on sharing photos and video — with doodles, stickers, and the like — with friends. Adding a “dark mode” would be a big hit too. This is less a feature at this point, and more a setup for the upcoming OLED iPhone screen. Much like Apple Watch, the company could use dark mode as a way of conserving battery by not having to light all the pixels on the phone. Another rumor, which we can’t be sure about, is the rumored peer-to-peer payment system. If true, this would be Apple’s entry into a market dominated by Venmo and Square Cash, and could ultimately prove to be a huge boon to Apple Pay. An all-encompassing payment system on a mobile device is something we’ve been dreaming about for years, and this could actually be it. We can also expect some iPad Pro-specific updates. Of these, I think we’re most likely to see drag-and-drop support, better multi-tasking, and perhaps multi-user support. This is, after all, the future of computing — or so Apple says. macOS 10.13 The changes to macOS are expected to be incremental in nature, much like the past two updates. It seems we’re overdue for a game-changing new feature or perhaps a visual refresh, but it doesn’t seem as though WWDC 2017 is where it’ll happen. Instead, you can expect the usual polish feature updates and a coat of polish, although Mail seems to be the most likely native app to receive some sort of overhaul. Fingers crossed. tvOS 11 and watchOS 4 Not much going on in the rumor mill surrounding these two, although it seems likely Apple will announce it’s buried the hatchet with Amazon, and we’ll get Prime Video on AppleTV (finally). As for Watch, I’d expect additional usability upgrades to better make use of existing feature. Seems likely Apple Music Jimmy Lovine, in an interview with Bloomberg, hinted at an Apple Music refresh that emphasizes more video content. The timing seems to measure up. Two Apple original shows are scheduled to release this year: Carpool Karaoke (August 8) and Planet of the Apps, which we’ll possibly get a launch date for on Monday. Siri speaker Apple doesn’t have a horse in the smart speaker race dominated by Amazon and Google. Plan on Tim Cook remedying that by introducing a speaker powered by none other than Siri. It’s said to feature virtual surround sound for high quality audio in smaller spaces that might not be a logical fit for a 5.1 or 7.1 surround set up. It’ll also function as a hub for HomeKit, the smart home system Apple’s been touting since last year. 10.5-inch iPad Pro This one could just as easily have gone into the next category, a section where we’re hearing a lot of buzz, but not all that sure about the legitimacy of it. Given the reliability of Apple analyst Ming Chi Kuo, I’m inclined to add it into the “likely” category. According to Kuo, Apple has been working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that reportedly encompasses the same footprint of the 9.7-inch version due to its tiny bezels. Whether this model is a bridge between the existing two sizes, or intended to be a replacement for one (or both) remains to be seen. Still, though, WWDC isn’t typically when we hear about new iPads, so I certainly have my reservations here. Then again, the company did release an off-schedule iPad refresh to the standard model in March, so it’s hard to say. MacBook and/or MacBook Pro I thought we’d probably see updates to the MacBook (and Pro) this fall, but it could happen at WWDC instead. If so, expect something in line with a spec bump –perhaps to new Kaby Lake processors, and the option to upgrade to 32GB of RAM — rather than new MacBooks, It’s also possible we’ll see a mid-life spec bump, and a complete refresh next spring. Possibly? Mac Pro refresh This one is doubtful, but it’s not impossible to be a surprise move pulled off by Apple after admitting its mistake with the “trashcan” Mac Pro. I still think it’s more likely the company holds true to its word and we see this more toward the middle or end of 2018 though. MacBook Air The Air has sort of languished in a state that leads most to believe it’ll be discontinued. Some are actually larger than new MacBooks, which seems to suggest they’re no longer needed. Thing is, the MacBook Air is still selling surprisingly well, although that’s probably due to it being the only Apple laptop under $1,000. Rumors suggest it may get a spec bump to Kaby Lake and perhaps more RAM. We’d also love to see a switch to USB-C, but it doesn’t seem Apple is all that motivated to keep the Air around for the long haul, so it probably isn’t happening. But if we’re going to wish for new features, we’d be remiss if we forgot the paltry 1440×900 resolution the current Air is sporting. What is this, 2010? Probably not iPhone SE The timing lines up perfectly to release a new iPhone SE, but it’s probably not going to happen. This fall, at the iPhone event, Apple is rumored to be releasing three new iPhones, and you’d have to assume the SE would be one of them. Plus, it’s the 10th anniversary of the mobile device, so one would assume Apple would go big here and not want to cut into sales by releasing the SE a few months before its big event. iMac The iMac is also due for an update, but it seems increasingly unlikely you’re not going to see it at WWDC.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Apple WWDC 2017: Siri Speaker, iOS 11, New iPad And What More to Expect Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa News18 » Tech 2-min read Apple WWDC 2017: Siri Speaker, iOS 11, New iPad And What More to Expect News18.com Updated: June 3, 2017, 3:14 PM IST Apple WWDC 2017 will kickstart at 10:30 PM IST on Monday, June 5. While the announcements at the developer conference are typically around software, this time Apple is expected to announce some hardware as well. Here is what to expect. (Image: GABRIELLE LURIE/AFP/Getty Images) After Microsoft Build and Google I/O, it is now time for Apple to give a glimpse of what’s cooking in its iOS world at the upcoming annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 5 in San Jose. The WWDC keynote will take place at 10:30PM IST on Monday and will end on Friday, June 9. While the announcements at the developer conference are typically around software, this time Apple is expected to announce some hardware as well. News18Tech will run a liveblog of Apple WWDC 2017 on Monday, June 9 at 10:30PM IST. If you are wondering what could possibly Apple announce next, here is what we expectation from the keynote of Apple WWDC. iOS 11 along with new versions of macOS, tvOS, and watchOS Apple will, of course, talk about the upcoming iOS 11 which will power your iPhone. Apple will also reveal the next versions of macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. Apple is expected to provide a new user interface on the iOS 11. There could be a dark mode to begin with. The new iOS 11 is expected to make the overall experience smoother and we will have to wait till the keynote to know more about it. Also read: It's Official: Nokia 3, 5 and 6 Android Smartphones to Launch in India on June 13 Given that it’s the tenth anniversary year of iPhone, Apple is expected to roll out major updates to its apps like iMessage, Mail, Safari, Photos among others. Apple’s voice-based digital assistant Siri is expected to get better. Apple is expected to announce something exciting for the macOS. Also, the watchOS and tvOS are expected to be more interactive along with support for other third-party apps. Siri speaker Apple is set to launch the Siri speaker to compete with Google Home and Amazon Echo. Siri is expected to get smarter in a new hardware offering. The Apple speaker could feature “virtual surround sound” and could also function as a hub for HomeKit. 10.5-inch Apple iPad Pro Rumours have it that Apple could launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Interestingly, the bigger iPad Pro variant will be of the same size of the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Apple Apple WWDC 2017 wwdc First Published: June 3, 2017, 3:14 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Champions Trophy: IND vs PAK - Turning Point - Vintage Yuvi Hurts Pak Top 5 Android Smartphones With 6GB RAM by Samsung And Others Did Ranveer-Deepika Just Virtually Accept Their Relationship? Seamless Banking Under 5 Minutes With Kotak 811 Ola and Sehwag Join Hands to Tackle Traffic Congestion with #FarakPadtaHai About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs Real Madrid Fans Demand Fifth Ballon d' Or for Hero Ronaldo This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa Ariana Returns to Manchester With a Star-Studded Benefit Concert Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Short Interest in iShares iBoxx $ High Yid Corp Bond (HYG) Expands By 30.7% Walgreens Boots Alliance Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WBA) Traders Buy Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) on Weakness After Insider Selling AmTrust Financial Services Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AFSI) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Broadcom Put Options (AVGO) Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bonness Enterprises Inc. maintained its stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 14,735 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Apple accounts for 1.7% of Bonness Enterprises Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Bonness Enterprises Inc.’s holdings in Apple were worth $2,117,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in AAPL. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $127,000. Welch Investments LLC acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Odey Holdings AG raised its stake in Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares in the last quarter. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $176,000. Finally, Ullmann Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $220,000. 58.76% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ AAPL) opened at 155.45 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $149.57 and its 200-day moving average is $132.53. The company has a market capitalization of $810.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. Analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.62%. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/bonness-enterprises-inc-maintains-stake-in-apple-inc-aapl.html. AAPL has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “” rating on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. UBS Group AG lifted their target price on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on shares of Apple from $142.00 to $154.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Bank of America Corp lifted their target price on shares of Apple from $140.00 to $145.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $185.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $159.65. In other Apple news, insider Luca Maestri sold 6,308 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $141.83, for a total transaction of $894,663.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 2,665 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $377,976.95. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total transaction of $10,041,300.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919 over the last ninety days. 0.08% of the stock is owned by insiders. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Short Interest in iShares iBoxx $ High Yid Corp Bond (HYG) Expands By 30.7% Walgreens Boots Alliance Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WBA) Traders Buy Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) on Weakness After Insider Selling AmTrust Financial Services Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AFSI) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Broadcom Put Options (AVGO) Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 1.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 5,174,924 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 66,038 shares during the period. Apple accounts for approximately 3.6% of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its largest position. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Apple were worth $743,409,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $127,000. Welch Investments LLC acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $146,000. Odey Holdings AG raised its stake in Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the last quarter. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $176,000. Finally, Ullmann Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $220,000. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 155.45 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $810.49 billion, a PE ratio of 18.24 and a beta of 1.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $149.57 and a 200-day moving average of $132.53. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. Equities analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.62%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/apple-inc-aapl-is-chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-s-largest-position.html. A number of research firms have recently issued reports on AAPL. Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $159.00 target price (up previously from $152.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a $150.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Rosenblatt Securities restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $120.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 17th. FBN Securities increased their target price on Apple from $155.00 to $160.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $160.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $159.65. In other news, insider Luca Maestri sold 6,308 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.83, for a total transaction of $894,663.64. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 2,665 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $377,976.95. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $22,806,085.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919. Corporate insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing Investors Pull off the Impossible With Apple Shares Published Wed, May 31, 2017  |  Jonathan Rodriguez, Senior Analyst Low volatility spawns new opportunity. The impossible becomes a reality in one simple move. The best way to play Apple’s coming historic moment. Also recommended: Blue chip stocks get small-cap makeover. It’s getting tougher than ever to pay up for pricey stocks. As I write, the S&P 500 is trading at 19.7 forward earnings — just below a 10-year high. Of course, that’s not to say that bargains can’t be found in the market or that some stocks haven’t earned a premium valuation. But as senior analyst Jonathan Rodriguez pointed out last week, the lack of volatility in the stock market presents investors a unique opportunity. He revealed a little-known trading strategy that helps investors bypass lofty stock valuations and significantly increase their returns over stocks, too. Today, he’ll dive even deeper and show you exactly how to grab these gains… Ahead of the tape, Louis Basenese Chief Investment Strategist, Wall Street Daily Why Low Volatility Is Your Friend, Not Foe I’m sure you’re constantly hearing financial talking heads warning about the “dangers” of low market volatility (low vol). Granted, it’s true that investors should keep an eye on the force of market moves. But make no mistake, low vol offers far greater rewards than risks. One such reward is the stock replacement strategy. As you recall, this strategy uses long call options in place of stocks during periods of relative calm in the market. This strategy is incredibly useful for investors who want to cash in stock gains near a market top — but still want exposure to any potential upside. It’s also great for investors who want to forcefully multiply their returns on stock moves. Either way, now is the perfect time to implement the strategy. As I noted in last week’s column, there are two ways you can do it… An in-the-money (ITM) call option. (Current stock price is above the option’s strike price.) An out-of-the-money (OTM) call option. (Current stock price is below the option’s strike price.) Here’s what a stock replacement strategy might look like on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), which is well on its way to becoming the first $1 trillion company in history. Technique #1: ITM call Exclusive Content Trump's Set to Send this $0.24 Stock Exploding Higher! Investors in this tiny company will love Trump for what he’s about to do. This is your chance to turn $100 into a retirement fortune. But hurry... This entire situation will change after August 1. Click here for the details. Right now, Apple is trading around $154. The stock trades at about 15 times forward earnings but also at a whopping 3.5 times forward sales. That’s a 78% premium to the S&P 500 and 14% above Apple’s five-year average. But thanks to low market volatility, options on the stock are reasonably priced — if not a little on the cheap side. A quick look at an options chain will show you that ITM calls are more valuable than those that are out of the money. Without getting into the weeds of option pricing, this is because ITM calls have intrinsic value. If you execute a call option that’s in the money and purchase the shares, you can immediately turn around and sell them for a profit. Calls that are out of the money require the underlying stock to rise above the strike price before a trader earns a profit on the shares. Now, you may recall that I drew your attention to an option’s “delta” last week. Put simply, delta is the correlation between the price of an option and the price of the underlying stock. The more valuable an option is, the higher its delta will be. Why is a high delta important for call options? Well, the higher an option’s delta, the more closely it tracks the underlying stock’s moves… Take a Bigger Bite out of Apple The Apple $120 calls expiring in January 2018 presently cost about $35. This means that one option (a contract to purchase 100 shares of stock) runs investors $3,500. Compare that with buying 100 shares of Apple outright, which would cost $15,400. So the option represents an $11,900 discount to owning shares and leverages investors more than four times to the stock’s gains. But where does delta come in? Well, the options boast a delta of 0.92. So every $1 move in Apple’s shares would generate a move of about $0.90 for the call options — a very tight correlation. These calls break even at expiration as long as the stock remains above $155 ($120 strike price + $35 option premium). That’s just slightly higher than the stock is trading right now. With a move in the underlying shares to $191 — a mere 24% gain — the option doubles in value. Better still, using a 50% stop loss on the trade risks just $1,750 of capital with the option. Using the same stop on the stock would deliver a loss of $7,700. Not a bad way to juice your upside on stocks and lower your risk at the same time. OK, let’s recap… The chief advantage of ITM calls over OTM options is that ITM calls benefit from a higher delta. Meaning that they earn more for every uptick in the underlying stock. The key downside is that ITM options are significantly more expensive than OTM calls. However, investors are well compensated with a much higher reward-to-risk ratio. Next week, we’ll break down OTM calls in more detail. Stay tuned… On the hunt, Jonathan Rodriguez Senior Analyst, Wall Street Daily Jonathan Rodriguez has helped develop successful products that earned readers triple-digit gains. With a focus in options trading, he has worked alongside the brightest minds in the financial industry to uncover timely and profitable investment opportunities. Learn More >> Related Articles Reach Max Acceleration with this Options Strategy Stock Market Lull Calls for Extreme Measures Friday Charts: More Apple Domination and Volatility’s Strange Disappearance The #1 Undisputed Investing Strategy [VIDEO] Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation “State of the Internet” in 3 Charts By Louis Basenese - Jun 2, 2017 Venture capitalist Mary Meeker’s annual Internet Trends report is an absolute must-read. So it’s become a tradition of ours to distill it down to the five or six most compelling and insightful charts each year. Here are the first three… GeoMacro Hell Freezes Over… By Louis Basenese - May 18, 2017 This geopolitical event — Britain’s Snap Election — is set to trigger one of two potential outcomes. Now, imagine striking it rich regardless of which outcome occurs. Win both ways? When hell freezes over, right? Not when you see this… Special Situations Investors Pull off the Impossible With Apple Shares By Jonathan Rodriguez - May 31, 2017 Most investors would think that doubling your money on Apple would be impossible at this time. That is, until they see this easy solution. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Technology LATEST NEWS Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple faces a tricky issue: Its users aren't embracing new innovations By Vindu Goel, New York Times | Updated: Jun 03, 2017, 01.31 PM IST Post a Comment Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. "There is no way to monetize the watch whatsoever," he said. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You SAN FRANCISCO: As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other devices at its developer conference Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable issue: Many of its existing features are too complicated for many users to figure out. At last year's conference, for example, Apple's top software executive, Craig Federighi, demonstrated how users could order food, scribble doodles and send funny images known as stickers in chats on its Messages app. The idea was to make Messages, one of the most popular apps on the iPhone, into an all-purpose tool like China’s WeChat. But the process of finding and installing other apps in Messages is so tricky that most users have no idea they can even do it, developers and analysts say. DoorDash, a food-delivery app that Federighi displayed on stage as a model of the new feature, dropped its Messages app for group orders a few months after releasing it because it drew little interest. "While we didn't end up moving forward with it, we're excited about other ways we’re making delivery faster and more efficient," Andy Fang, a founder of DoorDash and the company’s chief technology officer, said in a statement. A similar lack of enthusiasm among users and developers has limited adoption of the iPhone's 3-D Touch feature, where a long, hard press on an app sometimes offers additional options such as viewing an email without opening it. And sales of the Apple Watch have been hampered by the steep learning curve it requires of users, who must master pushing, turning and tapping various parts of the watch and a related iPhone app. "There's just so much stuff," said David de Min, chief executive of Velapp, a startup based in London. "They are trying to cram things in." Velapp has just released a video recording app that uses 3-D Touch to help users select the best parts of a video while recording it. But de Min said that few other developers were using the technology, in part because iPhone users were unaware of it. "It's not something you can really see," he said. "People don't understand it." Apple, which declined to comment for this article, makes many updates that are popular with users, from changes to the Siri voice assistant to automatically transcribed voicemail messages. At this year's Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California, the company is expected to introduce improved Mac computers and iPads, software updates for all of its hardware and a voice-activated speaker to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home. With Apple adding fewer major features in recent years, customers have been slower to upgrade their devices. App developers are also pausing in what had been a race to embrace Apple's latest innovations. Eliran Sapir, chief executive of Apptopia, an analytics firm, said that new apps were being introduced at half the rate they were a year ago. Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. "There is no way to monetize the watch whatsoever," he said. The slow uptake of apps for Messages and 3-D Touch is evident in the numbers. There are 5,000 regular apps and 30,000 sticker apps for Messages, according to Randy Nelson, head of mobile insights at Sensor Tower, an app analytics firm. Only about 3,600 of the 2.5 million apps in the iOS app store promote their compatibility with 3-D Touch. "You get your new iPhone and you don't know that 3-D Touch and apps in Messages even exist," Nelson said. Although stickers account for 97 of the top 100 Messages apps, he said, some users are so confused that they post app reviews like, "I downloaded these Disney stickers. How do I use them?" That is not exactly in line with the simple "it just works" philosophy that Apple built its business on. Chalen Duncan, a graduate student in emerging media at the University of Georgia, was so frustrated by the interface for stickers and apps in Messages that he redesigned it and posted his version online. "At its core, it's a discoverability issue," said Duncan, who worked part time on Apple's telephone tech-support team during college and hopes to get a design job there in the future. "People just don’t know the stickers exist." He said he had to teach his friends how to install and use Messages stickers by sending them multiple screenshots. "A lot of people will think it's their fault, and it's really the designer's fault," he said. "People want apps to be easy to use." Comments(0)Add Comments Apple faces a tricky issue: Its users aren't embracing new innovations To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Apple plans to use micro-LED in 2017 Apple Watch 3 Surge of the Galaxy yet to upset the Apple cart What to expect at Apple's 2017 developers conference? Will Apple be around in 2075? Ask IBM In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf READ MORE ONWeChatmessages appiPhoneDoordashApple watchApple Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Appropriate Blood Sugar Levels and Insulin Requirements Livestrong for Healthline The 2018 Ford F-150 Gets a New Look Kelley Blue Book Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Germantown Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored AdsMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Apple to launch new iPhone, iPad in March: Report Sebi issues new listing norms for stock exchanges From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times You Can't Hold Your Child's Hand Forever. Give the Gift th.. Gerber Life Insurance Company 24 Best Calorie-Burning Exercises MSN If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing It WebMD India's new IPR policy will foster innovation: US official India to take up IT sector issues with new US administration Tax issue not to impact new Nokia phone business: ICA Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Wipro invests $24.5 million from venture fund over 2 years Ireland keen to woo Indian startups, offers tax benefits Denmark is killing Tesla and other electric cars India, Germany plan pact to help startups thrive Undeterred by high attrition rate, Ola and Uber banking on drivers in their 20s More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Sunday 04 June, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World Professor tells Midway battle story with ship, pl... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections Professor tells Midway battle story with ship, plane models 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal Former Guatemalan judge pleads guilty in FIFA soccer probe UN votes to add 15 North Koreans, 4 entities to UN blacklist Ex-officer's mother to slain man's mom: "So sorry" for loss Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Sat, Jun 3rd, 2017 Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau Siri, Can You Add Apps? Apple News Expected Soon Share This Tags Apple is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com’s competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California, company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of apps: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. Apple vs Amazon The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Siri vs Alexa Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber. After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not — so far — one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” Side dish, not entree Apple’s narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple’s original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa’s number of skills. “To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform,” McIlwain said. “If Apple does not launch a ‘skills store,’ that would be a mistake.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Credit : Voice of America (VOA) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Professor tells Midway battle story with ship, plane models 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal Former Guatemalan judge pleads guilty in FIFA soccer probe UN votes to add 15 North Koreans, 4 entities to UN blacklist Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more. Today's Best Deals: Marvel Comics, Golf Practice Set, Beverage Samples, and More Shep McAllisterFriday 10:01am Filed to: Kinja Deals Deals daily Deals 16 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Go to permalink Thousands of digital Marvel comics, a golfing practice set for Dad, and Amazon’s premium beverage sample box lead off Friday’s best deals from around the web. Today's Best Lifestyle Deals: Under Armour, Stuart Weitzman, Aerie, and More 10-for-$30 Aerie underwear, extra discounts from Under Armor, Stuart Weitzman’s Spring Sale, and…Read more Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal. Top Tech Deals Aukey Apple Watch Charging Stand with Suction Cup, $6 with code AUWATCH3 There are probably thousands of Apple Watch charging stands out there, but basically every one I’ve seen shares the same problem: They slide all over your nightstand when you try to pull the watch off its magnetic charger. Advertisement Advertisement Aukey seems to have solved that with an ingeniously simple suction cup on the bottom of its stand. It’s a little thing, but you’ll appreciate it every night, and what’s $6 to someone who spent hundreds of dollars on an Apple Watch? Note: This doesn’t include any actual charging hardware: Like most Apple Watch charging stands, it’s basically just housing for the included charger. $6 AUKEY Apple Watch Stand, Charging Dock with Sticky Suction Cup… From amazonUse code AUWATCH3 772 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Echo Dot, $40 with code DOTSAVE10 | Echo, $140 with code ECHOSAVE40 - Prime members only. Update: This deal will only work if you’ve never purchased an Echo device previously on the same account. You’ll also need to either be a Prime member, or have purchased an Alexa-compatible smart home device in the past. We’ve seen a few discounts lately on Amazon’s uber-popular Echo and Echo Dot smart speakers, but if you missed out, Prime members can score big discounts once again, while supplies last. Now Anyone Can Buy Amazon's Cheapest Echo Amazon is making a new version of the Echo Dot, its Alexa-enabled mini-speaker. The biggest news…Read more Promo code DOTSAVE10 will take $10 off the already-affordable Dot, while ECHOSAVE40 will take a whopping $40 off the full-sized Echo. Just note that these deals are only available for Prime members. Even if you don’t want one for yourself, Father’s Day is just around the corner, and these would make great gifts. Advertisement https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DFKC2SO?tag=kinjadeals-20&kinja_price=40&kinja_promocode=DOTSAVE10 https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Bluetooth-Speaker-with-Alexa-Black/dp/B00X4WHP5E/?kinja_price=140&kinja_promocode=ECHOSAVE40 Bestek 220V to 110V international power adapter, $25 with code YXVLF54N If you’re planning on traveling internationally or fleeing the country any time soon, you won’t want to miss this deal on one of our readers’ favorite international power adapters. These Are the Five Best International Travel Adapters The experienced international travelers in our audience have weighed in with their picks for…Read more Promo code YXVLF54N saves $18 on Bestek’s popular travel adapter and voltage converter. This complete 3-outlet/4-USB power strip will work with US, EU, UK, and AU outlets, and converts 220V power sources to US-friendly 110V, for any of your electronics that can’t handle both. $25 BESTEK Universal Travel Adapter 220V to 110V Voltage Converter… From amazonUse code YXVLF54N 3130 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 10% off $100 in Select Gift Cards Who doesn’t love free money? For a limited time, eBay’s taking 10% off when you spend $100 on select gift cards. You can mix and match different cards from the likes of Uber, Papa John’s, the Nintendo eShop, the PlayStation Store, Groupon, and more. Just load up your cart and pay with PayPal, and you’ll see the discount at checkout. WD 8TB My Book, $183 News flash: 8TB external drives exist, and you can get one for $183 from WD. And for how small it is, it’s insane that it can hold that much. $183 WD 8TB My Book Desktop External Hard Drive - USB 3.0 -… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now VAVA Mechanical Keyboard, $68 You’ve probably heard a lot of fuss about mechanical keyboards lately, and if not, you’ve at least heard the clicking coming from a nearby desk. If you’re curious to try one yourself without dropping a bunch of money, VAVA’s new model is cheaper than ever today. How to Choose the Best Mechanical Keyboard (and Why You'd Want To) Mechanical keyboards, or keyboards with full, individual switches under every key, have exploded in …Read more You won’t get brand name Cherry MX key switches at this price, but the switches it does include should closely mimic Cherry MX Blues, which are the loudest, most tactile switches out there; I use them myself. The headlining feature here though is the keyboard’s fully customizable RGB backlighting, the likes of which we rarely see in a keyboard under $100. The VAVA has sold between $80-$100 since it launched about a month ago, so today’s price is an all-time low. $68 VAVA Mechanical Keyboard With Blue Switches,16.8 Million RGB… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Velocifire Wireless Ergonomic Vertical Mouse, $13 with code F97T9LL9 If you missed out on yesterday’s Anker vertical mouse deal, today we have an even more affordable alternative from Velocifire. $13 gets you an ergonomic design, three different DPI levels, and forward/back buttons. $13 Velocifire Wireless Ergonomic Vertical Mouse USB 2.4G Adjustable… From amazonUse code F97T9LL9 Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Aukey 4.8A Car Charger, $7 with code AUKEYCC7 Aukey makes our readers’ favorite car charger, and while this model is a little bit larger than our top seller, it’s just as powerful, and is made of metal. Get it for $7 with promo code AUKEYCC7. $7 AUKEY Car Charger with 4.8A Output & Aluminum Alloy for iPhone… From amazonUse code AUKEYCC7 Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Bestsellers: Aukey 4.8A Dual USB Car Charger You buy a lot of car chargers, but this Aukey model sits nearly flush in your cigarette lighter…Read more Phone Stand, $6 with code 6VGBXP2D There’s not a whole lot to say here: This phone stand has over 5,000 reviews, looks great, and is only $6 today with code 6VGBXP2D. Why wouldn’t you put one on your desk? $6 Cell Phone Stand, Lamicall S1 Dock : Cradle, Holder, Stand For… From amazonUse code 6VGBXP2D 4610 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Home Deals ExceptionalSheets Extra Plush Fitted Mattress Pad, $56-$78 You don’t necessarily need to buy a new mattress to get a better night’s sleep: Sometimes, a mattress pad will do, and a great one is on sale in today’s Amazon Gold Box. Advertisement Sponsored ExceptionalSheets’ plush fitted mattress pad is supposedly the same pad used in many Marriott and Omni hotels, and its 4.3 star review average from over 2,000 customers would seem to back that up. And unlike most mattress pads, these are stuffed with Revoloft synthetic fill, which should feel a lot like down, but without the associated allergies and poking feathers. Prices range from just $56-$78 today, depending on the size, but just note that this is a Gold Box deal, meaning this price is only available today, so don’t sleep on it. $74 Mattress Pad with Fitted Skirt - Extra Plush Topper Found in… From amazon 7898 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Porter-Cable Pancake Compressor, $80 Whether you’re filling tires or firing pneumatic tools, this 4.5 star-rated Porter-Cable electric pancake compressor has is a great addition to any garage, and Prime members can pick it up for $80 today. That’s about $20-$40 less than usual, and the best price Amazon’s ever listed. $80 PORTER-CABLE PCFP02003 3.5-Gallon 135 PSI Pancake Compressor From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Type Hike National Park Posters Even if you haven’t been to any of these places, Type Hike designed these prints to be more fantasy than reality anyway. The stylized posters from landmarks like the Yosemite, Acadia, and Denali, are just begging to be framed, so take your pick for just $25 each from Huckberry. Children’s Sample Box, $5 + $5 credit on eligible snack purchases In addition to Amazon’s new premium beverage sample box, parents can also pick up a box with 10 or more children’s snacks for just $5, plus a $5 credit towards your next eligible snack purchase (which isn’t limited to children’s food). $5 Children's Sample Box, 10 or more samples ($4.99 credit on… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Beverage Sample Box, $10 + $10 beverage credit Amazon’s back at it again with another great sample box, this time with seven premium beverages for $10, plus a $10 credit on your next eligible beverage purchase on Amazon. If you’ve ever been curious to try Soylent, this is your moment. $10 Beverage Sample Box, 7 or more samples ($9.99 credit on select… From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Wuudi Wine Decanter, $21 with code MSYUE58M Here’s a secret about hosting people for dinner: If you put the wine in a fancy looking carafe, it’ll trick them into thinking you spent more than $8 on the bottle. $21 Wine Decanter, Wuudi Decanter Carafe Hand-Blown Crystal Carafe… From amazonUse code MSYUE58M Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Robotwist Electric Jar Opener, $19 I know you don’t need an electric jar opener. You possess impressive finger strength and well developed forearm muscles, and no jar could hope to best you. But maybe it could do, say, your parents or grandparents some good, and it’d be a nice gift at $19, today only. $19 Robotwist Automatic, Adjustable Easy Open Jar Opener From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anova 800W Bluetooth Precision Cooker, $109 If you’ve ever eaten at a nice steakhouse, you were probably eating sous-vide meat. Here’s a secret though: It’s really easy to get those kinds of results yourself, and Amazon’s here to help with another $109 deal on the Anova Bluetooth sous-vide circulator. Bestsellers: Anova Sous-vide Precision Cookers Sous Vide equipment can run you $400 or more, but not Anova. Lifehacker has a great explainer on…Read more https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00UKPBXM4/ Lifehacker has a great explainer on Sous-Vide cooking for you to check out, but the basic idea is that you seal the food in plastic bags, and then cook it in precisely heated water over a longer period of time. It sounds weird and kind of sterile, but the result is meat that’s cooked to the exact right temperature all the way through. Sous-Vide 101: How to Cook the Most Tender and Flavorful Meat You’ve Ever Tasted Dry turkey and overcooked steaks don't have to be a staple of your holiday dinners or homemade …Read more The First 5 Things You Should Sous Vide With Your New Immersion Circulator If you have recently purchased an immersion circulator—or are looking to—deciding what to cook…Read more Cymas Magnetic 54-Bit Screwdriver Kit, $12 with code HKU3KFR2 Unlike this week’s earlier gadget repair kit deal, this 54-bit screwdriver kit doesn’t include a suction cup or spudgers, so it’s not ideal for smartphones. That said, it includes just about every bit you could ever need for most laptop repairs, and also a detachable snake attachment for use in tight corners. $12 Cymas Screwdriver Set,58 in 1 with 54 Bits Magnetic Driver Kit,… From amazonUse code HKU3KFR2 5307 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Dr. Meter IR Thermometer, $12 with code PLFR78PO You guys buy boatloads of IR thermometers whenever we post a deal, and it’s easy to see why. They’re a ton of fun to mess around with, and can come in handy for everything from cooking to home energy savings. What's Your Favorite Gadget to Aimlessly Fool Around With? I just picked up a cheapo infrared thermometer, a laser-aimed sensor that tells you the surface…Read more If you still don’t own one, you can rectify that for just $12 today. This one even comes with a holster! $12 Dr.meter Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer with… From amazonUse code PLFR78PO 3166 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker LC90 Flashlight, $22 with code HGBGOIWV or $30 with FREE LC40 Flashlight with code NWSSMJOF | Anker LC130 Flashlight, $45 Anker, producer of a lot of your favorite charging gear, has its own line of flashlights too, and all three are on sale today for some the best prices we’ve ever seen. Your Favorite Anker Products Readers have purchased more than 10 million products through links on our network since 2012, and…Read more The cheapest model (LC40) is IP65 dust and water resistant, but actually doesn’t include a rechargeable battery. However, you can run it on three AAAs or a single rechargeable 18650 battery, which are cheap and easy to find. Advertisement Advertisement The next step up (LC90) is far brighter (900 lumens vs. 400), and includes a rechargeable battery and a microUSB port, while the most expensive model (LC130) is brighter still at 1300 lumens, and is IP67 rated, meaning you could even use it underwater. Once you’ve decided which model you want, you have a few different options to save today. First off, the LC130 is $15 off its usual $60, no promo code required. If you’d like the LC90, you can either get if for $22 with promo code HGBGOIWV, or pay the usual $30 for the LC90, and get a FREE LC40 with promo code NWSSMJOF. If you go this route, you’ll need to add both to your cart before entering the code. $45 Anker Bolder LC130 LED Flashlight, IP67 Water-Resistant,… From amazon 5181 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $22 Anker Bolder LC90 LED Flashlight, IP65 Water-Resistant,… From amazonUse code HGBGOIWV 4014 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker Bolder LC40 LED Flashlight, Pocket-Sized LED Torch, Super… From amazonUse code NWSSMJOF 6892 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Rubbermaid Custom Closet Folding Laundry Hamper, $12 Rubbermaid’s fold-up laundry hamper is actually Amazon’s top seller in the category, and it’s on sale today for just $12. You’ve probably accidentally washed more money than that in your jeans pockets this year. $12 Rubbermaid Configurations Custom Closet Folding Laundry Hamper,… From amazon 32 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Mpow LED Spotlight, $11 with code LNYZW7EC | 2-Pack LED Spotlights, $20 with code SBOPUG93 | 4-Pack LED Spotlights, $36 with code Q5MD8PW2 Without any wiring to futz with, Mpow’s solar-powered, motion-sensing spotlights are the easiest way to illuminate your front porch or lawn, and you can save big on one, two, or four today. All of the promo codes are below, just note that the more lights you buy, the more you’ll save. $11 Mpow LED Solar light, Bright Security Lighting Outdoor Motion… From amazonUse code LNYZW7EC 5164 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $20 Mpow Solar Lights, 2-Pack LED Motion Sensor Wall Light Bright… From amazonUse code SBOPUG93 1833 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $36 Mpow 4-Pack Solar Light 8 LED Outdoor Solar Powered Wireless… From amazonUse code Q5MD8PW2 684 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Aicok electric kettle, $34 with code 33CHG7FY Electric kettles are the fastest and most efficient way to boil water, and this model from Aicok even includes six different temperature settings for different types of beverages. $34 Aicok Electric Kettle Precise Temperature Control Hot Water… From amazonUse code 33CHG7FY 393 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker SoundSync Drive, $17 If your old beater of a car doesn’t have Bluetooth built-in, this Anker SoundSync will add wireless audio streaming and handsfree calls to any car with an AUX jack for just $17, or about $3 less than usual. That’s a lot cheaper than buying a whole new stereo, let alone a new car. $17 Anker SoundSync Drive Bluetooth 4.0 Car Receiver, Wireless Phone… From amazon 71 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now TP-Link Smart Plug, $21. Discount shown at checkout. Like the idea of a Belkin WeMo Switch, but not willing to spend $40-$50 to try one out? This TP-Link alternative has a nearly identical feature set for half the price. Advertisement Advertisement Just like a WeMo switch, TP-Link’s Smart Plug will let you turn appliances on and off from your smartphone, and set schedules to toggle them automatically. The only major feature it’s lacking is IFTTT support, but it will integrate with an Amazon Alexa for voice control. Just note that you won’t see this discount until checkout. 8-Pack Bounty Select-a-Size Paper Towels, $14 after $2 coupon Paper towels don’t make for the sexiest of deals, but everyone needs them, and eight Bounty Select-A-Size Huge rolls for $14 is a great deal. For comparison’s sake, the same product costs $3 more at Target. Note: Clip the $2 coupon to get the discount at checkout. $14 Bounty Select-a-Size Paper Towels, White, Huge Roll, 8 Count From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Dr. Meter Voltage Tester, $6 with code YP5NDZZY Let me tell you from experience as a kid; getting shocked by an electrical outlet is not pleasant. So if you’re ever planning on doing any electrical work around your house, you’ll want this affordable voltage tester. Just place the tip within 1 cm of a wire or outlet, and it’ll turn green and beep if there’s current running through it. $6 Dr.meter VD-1 Non-Contact Voltage Tester Detector, Multi-sensor… From amazonUse code YP5NDZZY Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Lifestyle Deals Callaway Home Range Practice System, $113 Golfing gear is about as stereotypical as Father’s Day gifts can get, but this Callaway home range practice system actually looks really cool. $113 gets you a net, a hitting mat, and a caddy/feeder that can hold 35 balls and drop them onto the hitting zone with a tap of a club. With a few short-lived exceptions, this is the best price Amazon’s ever listed, so tee off on this deal before it sells out. $113 Callaway Home Range Practice System From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now OxyLED USB Rechargeable Headlight, $9 with code OXY1HL02 You don’t need to be a spelunker to use a headlamp; they’ll come in handy any time you need some extra light and two hands free. So even if you don’t think you need one right this minute, you might as well order one for $9 with code OXY1HL02. $9 LED Headlamp, OxyLED USB Rechargeable Headlight LED Headlamps, 9… From amazonUse code OXY1HL02 76 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 10-for-$30 Aerie underwear It’s about time you do some cleaning out of your drawers. Get rid of those laundry-day-only undies in favor of your favorite underwear. If you missed out Monday, Aerie is now giving you 10 undies for only $30, no code needed, which is kind of insane seeing as they usually sell them for $12+. Your Favorite Women's Underwear: Aerie Boybriefs In a not-so-surprising result, Aerie’s Boybriefs were crowned as your favorite women’s underwear.…Read more Hayneedle Outdoor Sale Hayneedle is a one-stop-shop for affordable home goods that don’t look like they’re from the bargain bin. And, right now they’re giving you up to 60% off a ton of outdoor stuff (like Zero Gravity chairs for $39). Plus, a bunch of things are extra discounts. Check out the promo codes below: Advertisement Advertisement Extra 10% off hammocks and stands with code HAMMOCK Extra 10% off fire pits with code FIREPIT10 Extra 10% off planters with code GARDEN Extra 10% off patio umbrellas with the code UMBRELLA 25% off stretche summer weight chinos with code ICECOLD If you’re still struggling with finding work appropriate clothes for affordable prices, head over to Bonobos. Right now, use the code ICECOLD and get 25% off a bunch of stretch summer weight chinos. There’s basically every color chino you could ever want (and some you probably don’t). 25% off select styles What better way to get ready for the better weather than discounted Under Armour gear? Take an extra 25% off practically every style you can think of, with styles for both men and women. From the classic Under Armour long-sleeves to training shoes to their Threadborne microthread technology, this gear is perfect for running outside in the warmer months. 299 Piece First Aid Kit, $12 A first aid kit is one of those things you should probably keep in your glove box, and you should definitely have at home, and at $12 for 299 pieces, there’s no excuse not to be prepared for minor accidents. It includes bandages, gauze, medicines, an instant cold pack, and more, all tucked away in a refillable soft pack. You can thank us later. $12 First Aid Only All-purpose First Aid Kit, Soft Case with Zipper,… From amazon 3817 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 25% off select summer styles Somehow, it’s already June and Marmot is thinking about getting you outside and get you geared up for less. Take 25% off select summer styles for both men and women. Markdowns include summer-ready outerwear, tops, bottoms, and more. It’s like Christmas for the outdoorsy people in your life. Top Media Deals Marvel Digital Comic Sale Amazon’s running a Marvel digital comic sale that’s bigger than any Avengers movie today, with literally thousands of titles marked down to $5 or less. You’ll find everything from the Guardians of the Galaxy to Darth Vader to Deadpool to Captain America in there, and every hero in between, so there’s never been a better time to stock your digital shelves. The selection is overwhelming (nearly 400 pages!), so if you have any specific suggestions, drop them in the comments. $1 Marvel Graphic Novel #5: X-Men: God Loves, Man Kills From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $2 Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 1: Cosmic Avengers From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $2 Infinity Gauntlet From amazon 338 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Top Gaming Deals 1 Year PlayStation Plus Membership, $48 It’s been awhile since we’ve seen a decent PlayStation Plus deal, so if your membership is due to expire soon (or not), grab another year for $48 today, which is about as low as it’s gotten since Sony jacked up the price by $10. Magformers Magnetic Building Blocks Gold Box Magformers are sort of like LEGOs, except they’re magnetic, and thus more fun. Amazon’s discounting a few different sets today, including an actual walking robot kit. Just remember these prices are only available today, or until sold out. $57 Magformers Hi-Tech Walking Robot Set (45-pieces) From amazon Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Pokémon GO Plus, $29 If you’re still playing Pokémon Go, the Pokémon Go Plus bracelet isn’t just in stock, it’s actually on sale for about $6 less than MSRP. Pokémon Go's 80 New Monsters Are Now Live [Update] Generation two is here, and it brings with it a slew of new faces to Pokémon Go.Read more $29 Nintendo Pokemon GO Plus Bluetooth Bracelet From amazon 531 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum, $52 The Logitech G502 was your choice for best gaming mouse (though you don’t need to be a gamer to appreciate its benefits), and the upgraded Proteus Spectrum model (which includes fully adjustable backlighting) is on sale for an all-time low $52 today, the best price of 2017. Most Popular Gaming Mouse 2015: Logitech G502 and Razer DeathAdder This vote had no black and white winner, and rather than making the judgment call ourselves, we’re…Read more Improve Your Video and Photo Editing with a Gaming Mouse Gaming peripherals are great for productivity as well as games—they often come with macro buttons…Read more The marquee spec here is the DPI range of 200-12,000, adjustable on the fly. There are also five easily movable and removable weights, and 11 customizable buttons, along with the classic Logitech dual-mode scroll wheel. Mechanical microswitches and a braided cable are also nice touches. $52 Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum RGB Tunable Gaming Mouse, FPS… From amazon 1364 purchased by readersGizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Tech Power TP-Link Smart Plug, No Hub Required, Wi-Fi, Works with Alexa | $21 | Amazon | Discounted in Cart AUKEY Apple Watch Stand for 38mm and 42mm Apple Watch | $6 | Amazon | Use code AUWATCH3 Home Theater LG 43-Inch LED 2160p Smart 4K Ultra HDTV | $420 | Best Buy Sony BDP-BX370 1080P Blu-Ray and DVD Player Built in Wi-Fi Netflix Internet Apps | $40 | eBay Computers & Accessories HP LaserJet Pro M130nw All-in-One Wireless Laser Printer | $99 | Amazon Home 2-Pack OxyLED T-02S Rechargeable Motion Sensing LED Night Light | $28 | Amazon | Use code OXY2T02S Mattress Pad with Fitted Skirt - Extra Plush Topper Found in Marriott Hotels, Queen | $74 | Amazon Tommy Hilfiger All American II Cotton Mix and Match Bath Towel Collection | $6 | Macys YI Home Camera 4pcs Wireless IP Security Surveillance System (US Edition) White | $115 | Amazon | Use code YCPCR8QY Zitrades Globe String Lights with G40 Bulbs UL Listed 25ft Outdoor String Lights for Patio Garden Commercial Party | $14 | Amazon | Use code KSY2D25L Select Hardwood Flooring is On Sale Today | Home Depot Philips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer | $17 | Amazon Kitchen FREE Krispy Kreme Doughnut Today Beverage Sample Box, 7 or more samples ($9.99 credit on select products with purchase) | $10 | Amazon Children’s Sample Box, 10 or more samples ($4.99 credit on select products with purchase) | $5 | Amazon Oster CKSTRC61K-TECO Titanium Infused 6 Cup Rice & Grain Cooker with Steam Tray | $18 | Amazon Wine Decanter Wuudi Decanter Carafe Hand-Blown Crystal Carafe | $21 | Amazon | Use code MSYUE58M Robotwist Automatic, Adjustable Easy Open Jar Opener | $19 | Amazon Amazon Best Seller Sous Vide Precision Cooker Wancle Culinary Thermal Immersion Circulator | $82 | Amazon | Use code 5Z7N427L Wolfgang Puck Pressure Oven | $65 | eBay Rubbermaid Step-On Wastebasket Trash Can, 13-Gallon | $20 | Amazon Tools & Auto Shop Kobalt Interchangeable Drive 46-Piece Standard (SAE) and Metric Mechanic’s Tool Set with Hard Case | $15 | Lowes Dr.meter Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer | $12 | Amazon | Use code PLFR78PO Cymas Screwdriver Set, 58 in 1 | $12 | Amazon | Use code HKU3KFR2 AUKEY Air Vent Magnetic Phone Holder | $8 | Amazon | Use code AUKEYHD5 Lifestyle Apparel 65% Off at Mountain Hardwear with Code MHWJUNE65 adidas Speed Shorts | $13 | eBay Alpine Swiss Men’s Flip Flops | $7 | eBay Beauty & Grooming Conair Custom Cut 21-Piece Haircut Kit | $13 | Best Buy Makeup Mirror Vanity Mirror with 10X Magnification, 8 inch | $16 | amazon | Use code CQBWWL9W Camping & Outdoors Foldable Portable BBQ Grill | $20 | Groupon First Aid Only All-purpose First Aid Kit, 299-Piece Kit | $12 | Amazon SwimWays Baby Spring Float Activity Center with Canopy | $24 | Amazon Fitness Dr.meter Medical Forehead Thermometer | $17 | Amazon | Use code U65TVBBX BalanceFrom GoYoga All-Purpose 1/2-Inch Extra Thick High Density Anti-Tear Exercise Yoga Mat with Carrying Strap | $13 | Amazon Media Movies & TV Preorder Fargo [20th Anniversary Edition Steelbook] | $15 | Amazon Speed Racer: The Complete Series | $20 | Best Buy Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan | $10 | Best Buy The Sword in the Stone (50th Anniversary Edition) | $10 | Amazon Austin Powers Triple Feature | $10 | Amazon Books A Large Selection of Kindle Comics and Graphic Novels are 80-90% Off | Amazon Dead Spots (Scarlett Bernard Book 1) | $2 | Amazon Good Behavior [Kindle in Motion] | $2 | Amazon Gaming Peripherals PC The Humble Store: Sonic Weekend Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind GOTY Edition | $4 | Gog The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Season Pass | $12 | Steam The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone | $5 | Amazon The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine | $10 | Amazon PlayStation 4 Preorder South Park: The Fractured but Whole Remote Control Coon Mobile Bundle | $152 | Amazon Prime Prey | $40 | Amazon NHL 17 | $28 | Best Buy Far Cry Primal | $20 | Target Resident Evil 0 HD [Digital] | $8 | Amazon Resident Evil (PS4 HD Remaster) [Digital] | $10 | Amazon Resident Evil Revelations 2 Deluxe Edition [Digital] | $15 | Amazon Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 [Digital] | $15 | Amazon Xbox One Xbox One S 500GB Minecraft Console | $220 | eBay Xbox One S 1TB Gears of War Minecraft Console | $240 | eBay NHL 17 | $28 | Best Buy FIFA 17 Deluxe | $20 | GameStop Far Cry Primal | $20 | Target Prey | $40 | Target Switch Preorder Cave Story+ with Keychain and Soudtrack | $24 | Amazon Prime Toys Magformers toy Sets are on Sale Today | Amazon Shep McAllister shep@gizmodomedia.com @shepmcallister Managing Deals Editor | Send deal submissions to deals@gizmodomedia.com You may also like Deals Saturday's Best Deals: Google Home, Logitech Webcam, Electric Shaver, and More Yesterday 10:42am Deals Sunday's Best Deals: Adidas Apparel, SONOS, Yi Action Cam, and More Today 10:35am Deals Amazon Just Discounted Thousands of Marvel Digital Comics To a Few Bucks Each, For Some Reason Friday 8:37am Recent from Shep McAllister 7 22.4K Deals · Shep McAllister Start Or Expand Your SONOS Collection With a Pair of Rare Discounts Today 10:42am 5 22.3K Deals · Shep McAllister Save On Anker's PowerCore II, the Sequel To Your Favorite Battery Pack Yesterday 10:52am 10 95.2K Deals · Shep McAllister Saturday's Best Deals: Google Home, Logitech Webcam, Electric Shaver, and More Yesterday 10:42am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Saturday June 3, 2017 03:42 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. — Reuters picSAN FRNCISCO, June 3 — Apple Inc is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com Inc’s competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Path to the money Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber “skill.” After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not — so far — one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” Side dish, not entree Apple’s narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple’s original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa’s number of skills. “To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform,” McIlwain said. “If Apple does not launch a ‘skills store,’ that would be a mistake.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. “Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it.” — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Five powerhouse gaming PCs seen at Computex 2017 A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Amazon adds video calling with Echo Show (VIDEO) Amazon’s Alexa upgraded as ‘style assistant’ Huawei said to plan own voice assistant for smartphones Battle of the digital butlers: Alexa takes on Siri (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Advert Monday, June 5, 2017 19°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Saturday, June 3, 2017, 00:01 Apple set to unveil new software plans at worldwide developers conference on Monday Apple will unveil what is next for the software that powers the iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch next week in the US. The technology giant’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) begins on Monday, where chief executive Tim Cook could also reveal a new iPad and additions to the MacBook laptop and Mac desktop computer lines. Reports claim the Cupertino-based firm may also use the event to introduce a smart home speaker featuring its virtual assistant Siri, designed to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home. The voice-activated hubs have become extremely popular with consumers, and rival Microsoft has already revealed plans to enter the market with a speaker containing its own virtual assistant, Cortana. Cook will deliver the keynote address to open the event, which traditionally is used to discuss forthcoming updates to iOS, which powers the iPhone and iPad, as well as desktop computer operating system MacOS. The updates often provide a preview of what to expect from Apple’s next iPhone – due to be announced in September and which will mark the 10th anniversary of the phone’s launch. Rumours have also suggested a new line of Mac desktop computers and an update to the MacBook laptop could be discussed. Updates to the Apple Watch, including possible new health and fitness tracking features, are also likely to be among the announcements in California. (AP) « Commemorating 10 years of co-operation, innovation Slow US jobs growth takes shine off dollar » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Apple set to unveil new software plans... Popular Stories Microsoft supporting Maltese EU presidency New 2017 Maltese euro coin set issued PKF welcomes new EMEI region members Fimbank launches digital banking platform Do not get hooked by a phishing scam MBA conference discusses key issues... Boosting the IT profession International speaker for operations... MSE index maintains negative stance The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 05-06-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Kukil Bora   June 3, 2017 12:20 IST Apple's iPhone 7 as seen on its official website.Apple The launch of Apple's iPhone 8 later this year will certainly set off a fierce battle in the premium smartphone segment. But, if a new report is to believe, the Cupertino-based tech giant has already won the mind game by apparently forcing two of its rivals to come up with new strategies in anticipation of a tough competition after the new iPhone is released worldwide. Multiple reports have indicated over the past few days that Samsung and LG are going to launch additional variants of their 2017 flagship smartphones. While Samsung recently said that it would introduce three new colour variants for the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, LG is also reportedly planning to launch "Pro" and "Plus" variants of the LG G6 with upgraded onboard storage. According to The Investor, the two South Korean companies have decided to launch new variants of these handsets as they are gearing up for the upcoming iPhone 8, which is expected to feature exciting new features to take on Android competitors. Rumours are rife that Apple could introduce the iPhone 8, along with two upgraded versions of the iPhone 7, in September. Citing industry sources, The Investor report also said that "Rose Gold" would be one of the new colour options for both the Galaxy S8 handsets that are currently available in five colours, including black and gray. The company is also likely to launch a refurbished version of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 sometime this month. The LG G6 device is displayed at the LG stand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, March 1, 2017.REUTERS/Paul Hanna When it comes to LG, the company is said to be preparing for the launch of new 32GB and 128GB variants of the G6, in addition to the existing 64GB model. The new variants are expected to be launched later this month. A radically-designed iPhone 8 The iPhone 8, which will mark the 10th anniversary of the Apple smartphone, is highly expected to feature a radical redesign, with an edge-to-edge display shunning the top and bottom bezels. If turns out to be true, the new design will also allow Apple to ditch the traditional physical home button and have the Touch ID fingerprint sensor built directly into the display. New iPhone 8 renders leaked in CAD file With an edge-to-edge display, the iPhone 8 is expected to be similar in size to the 4.7-inch iPhone, but with a larger OLED display measuring 5.5-inch. Some reports have also suggested that the new device could feature a 5.8-inch display while offering 5.15 inches of it as usable area and leaving the rest for virtual buttons. With a 10-nanometer A11 chip, the iPhone 8 is also likely to be much faster than its predecessor. The device is also speculated to come with additional features like wireless charging and biometric capabilities like facial and gesture recognition. The iPhone 8 could also include significant improvements in terms of cameras. Rumours have it that the phone's front-facing camera may include 3D sensing capabilities while there could also be a vertically positioned dual camera setup on its back. However, all these are pure speculation as Apple hasn't made anything official about its next-generation iPhone. Let's wait for the company to make the iPhone 8 official to see how many of these rumoured features actually make it to the device. Stay tuned for more updates! Related Setting the stage for iPhone 8? Apple releases 'Switch To iPhone' ads flaunting security and smoothness This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Fireball malware affects more than quarter of billion global PCs; India worst affected Fireball manipulates the victims' browsers and turns their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines and spy and even add more malware into PCs. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Reuters Last Updated: JUN 03, 2017 Email Author Cupertino-giant Apple is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon's competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple's Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company's annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon's Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com's Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most "skills," its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use.The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Path to the money Now, an iPhone user can say, "Hey Siri, I'd like a ride to the airport" or "Hey Siri, order me a car," and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as "ask" or "tell." For example, "Alexa, ask Uber for a ride," will start the process of summoning a car, but "Alexa, order me an Uber" will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber "skill." After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino's, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not - so far - one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. "In typical Apple fashion, they've allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well," said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: "Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we're looking at ways to improve this over time." Side dish, not entree Apple's narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple's original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa's number of skills. "To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform," McIlwain said. "If Apple does not launch a 'skills store,' that would be a mistake." Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa's skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are "a side dish, not the entree," according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. "Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it." Also Read: iPhone 8 rumour roundup: All new bezel-less design, OLED display, 3D cameras and more For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Recommended Reviews Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Milking the System By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Milking the System       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Headline: Milking the System When investigators later confronted Apple’s son, he lied about his role, stating that his father had no involvement in government contracting. When Kenneth Apple was questioned, he also lied and said he could not recall the owner of the company that won the micro-dairy contracts. “Kenneth Apple intentionally misled us,” Pollack said. Apple was indicted in December 2015 for wire fraud, conspiracy to defraud the U.S., obstruction of justice, and making false statements. In July 2016, a federal jury in Virginia found him guilty on eight of nine charges. Evidence at trial showed that the micro-dairy units did not meet Iraqi Ministry of Health requirements, which was Apple’s responsibility. Last month, Apple was sentenced to 50 months in prison and ordered to pay approximately $2 million in restitution and forfeit more than $550,000. In November 2015, Apple’s son pleaded guilty to his role in the scheme and cooperated with authorities, testifying against his father in court. Special Agent Josh Lovett, also part of the investigative team—along with the Defense Criminal Investigative Service and the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command—noted that one of the worst aspects of the case was that the micro-dairies could have benefited the Iraqi people. “The Iraqis were all for this,” he said. “They put up a substantial amount of money to get these micro-dairy systems and to train their people to use them.” But because of the fraudulent manner in which the contracts were awarded, and the company’s failure to meet Iraqi Ministry of Health requirements, the dairy devices were never used. “There was actually a company in Iraq that could have done this work,” Lovett said. “And this contract could have helped them. But it never happened because of the fraud.”     Print       Email Published: 21 hours ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 6:31 pm Filed Under: English, FBI, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Intelligence, MIL OSI, MIL Security Intel OSI, Open Source Intel, Security, Security Intelligence, United States of America NEXT ARTICLE → FBI Deploys Cyber Experts to Work Directly with Foreign Partners ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Joint Cyber Operation Takes Down Avalanche Criminal Network About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Statement from the Mayor on London terror attack Paris climate agreement ‘still best avenue’ for solutions, says Forum SPC – No watches are valid as of Sun Jun 4 02:42:02 UTC 2017 SPC – No MDs are in effect as of Sun Jun 4 02:42:02 UTC 2017 SPC Jun 4, 2017 0100 UTC Day 1 Convective Outlook © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Stay with me here... Making the Mac multitouch. A bit. By Rene Ritchie Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 7:23 pm EDT 17 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. What if Apple didn't add a full touch interface to the Mac but simply added touch navigation? Unlike Microsoft, Apple had a successful touch-first operating system with iOS. Unlike Google, Apple had a successful mouse-and-keyboard-first operating system with macOS. Microsoft had no choice but to spend years in the desert — that desert being Windows 8 — to make Windows into a touch-friendly-ish operating system. Google pivoted rapidly into multitouch with Android and ChromeOS. Apple, though, had to make a choice. Mac Touch vs. iPad Type Like Windows, Apple could have spent years of engineering and design resources grafting multitouch onto macOS, churned through several awkward release cycles, and come out the other side with a version of the operating system with targets big enough to jab a finger at. Alternatively, Apple could spend those years and resources making iOS even better, more capable, and more encompassing. For years there have been rumors of MacBook and MacBook Air-style clamshells running on ARM and iOS and perhaps that was something Apple flirted with or is still flirting with. In 2015, though, Apple released iOS 9 with significant enhancements for iPad, and followed up with iPad Pro, which added a MacBook-sized screen, smart keyboard connector, and Apple Pencil. Then 2016 came and went with but a 9.7-inch variant of the Pro and a Safari-specific variant of split-view to show for itself. There are rumors — there are always rumors — that as soon as next week we might see iOS 11 with drag-and-drop and other long-requested features, as well as a new 10.5-inch version of iPad that'll truly be next generation. But it still won't and should never be a Mac. The future can't fly if it's tethered to the past. iPad can't be iPad if it's constrained by the preconceptions of Mac. So, what about the Mac? Going touch-first native Apple has thus far maintained, repeatedly, that touch isn't appropriate for the Mac. Yet almost every Windows and Chrome laptop shipping today has a touch screen and so do many desktops. What's more, the first generation of kids raised on iPad are growing up. They're not touch-immigrants like us older folks. They're touch-native. They expect screens to be like iPhones and iPads. They expect them to respond to touch. And when they don't, there's no consideration given to ergonomics or context — they simply think the screen is broken. I've never, not once, tried to touch my MacBook screen to interact with the interface. Classic trackpad-and-keyboard computing is hard-wired into my brain. I get borderline angry when my fingers have to leave my iPad Pro keyboard to hit some control I can't otherwise activate. But I'm of that generation. I've seen kids try to touch my MacBook screen plenty of times. Especially when we're watching or doing something together, all huddled around it. So, how could Apple reconcile its stated belief that touch is better on trackpads and bars than on screens for the Mac with the reality that user expectation is soon going to run 100% counter to that belief? The same thing any immovable object does when it encounters an irresistible force: yield. Multitouch vs. Multitouch gestures It's possible we'll eventually see a version of iOS running on MacBook-like hardware, or we'll see something that replaces both iOS and macOS on a wide range of hardware, the way OS X replaced the old Mac OS. And I don't think Apple should waste engineering and design resources on retrofitting a touch layer onto macOS. What I do think could work, though, is adding a control layer. I realize it's easy to write something when you're not the one who actually has to implement it, but here's the thought: Give Macs a touch screen that enables gesture navigation. Let people poke, swipe, and pinch the screen, if and when they really want to, the same way they can already on the trackpad. Flick up a page in Safari. Zoom into a map. Tap to pause or play a movie. That sort of thing. Out of touch, out of mind For those that don't want or need it, they never have to use it. Their screens remain as untouched as they do today. For those who expect it, though, it'll work as expected. Sure, they'll have to learn they can't do everything through the touch on a Mac, but I had to learn I can't do everything through the keyboard on an iPad. You know what? I lived. MacBook Pro MacBook Pro review Touch Bar: The ultimate guide MacBook news MacBook forums Buy at Apple Reader comments Making the Mac multitouch. A bit. 17 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating JBSlough "...or we'll see something that replaces both iOS and macOS on a wide range of hardware, the way OS X replaced the old Mac OS." This. I don't think that iOS and macOS will "merge" as some people have suggested. What will eventually happen Apple will introduce a newer OS that will replace both. It would be one OS that runs on tablets and laptops. Apple will offer more choices then on it's hardware. Maybe, shocking, retire the Mac and the i names for something new. Or just reintroduce a new Mac. Hello Again. 0 3 days ago Reply dc9super80 As I sit here scrolling with my fingers and reading this article on my Surface Pro, which I just disconnected from its keyboard/trackpad on my way to the kitchen to get a snack, I feel as though I am living in what I imagined to be the future. I didn't have that feeling with MacBook Air this Surface recently replaced. So no Rene, Apple needs to do something serious with touch. Anything else will look like a half baked, questionably implemented idea (see TouchBar). 0 3 days ago Reply user7c Can you give some sample of what "something serious with touch" would be for you? 0 2 days ago Reply VAVA Mk2 Blackberry felt the same thing about touch screen smart phones at their zenith and look at what happened to them.... An invincibility complex to the point where you do not feel you need to adapt and stay pace with the rest of the industry is a VERY dangerous notion to have in the technology world. 0 3 days ago Reply masaoota I've grown up and love my Mac but I certainly have on occasion tried to touch the screen to interact with it. With the current device design it isn't a big issue but it does constrain the form factor to traditional desktop and clamshell. Swipe gestures would be nice but I think it might just make things feel worse as we try to push a dialogue button on the screen. I really don't think it would be terribly difficult to use touch on the current MacOS as the vast majority of screen targets are big enough to touch. 0 2 days ago Reply delta4s I have no inclination for touch when using a device as laptop or a desktop. Using it as a tablet I do. However, young people today, many from babies, are brought up on touch interfaces, and they are going to expect to use touch. Microsoft is smart, they recognise to get young people hooked on Windows and they'll stay for life. Apple can just add touch to its current MacOS, that you can use with a pen or finger. And maybe have an option so that everything is larger on screen if you want to use your finger. Just do it now. But work on a solution so that the future OS is optimized for it. Apple cannot waste time. 0 2 days ago Reply Firelock I've been using Apple computers since the 70's. I work almost literally all day long on my iMac in Photoshop, Excel, etc. I gave up my laptop five years ago and just use an iPad on the go, currently the 9.7" Pro with Smart Keyboard and Pencil. Since I am a touch typist and use my iPad Pro in "laptop" mode with the keyboard most of the time, this configuration has trained me to jab and swipe at the screen constantly. Now when I sit down at a Mac laptop I instinctively reach toward the screen to do certain tasks, especially pinch to zoom a photo or close a dialog. Others have said it and I agree completely that adding SOME touch features to Mac laptops would be ideal. There is no reason to radically redesign the Mac interface and make it fully touch-centric like iOS, but the ability to pinch zoom a photo and do other basic operations would help unify the user experience across Apple devices. 0 2 days ago Reply animejay Microsoft has finally done a great job with Windows 10 of striking a balance between touch centric and touch enhanced. 0 2 days ago Reply xToddrick Adding any touch will bring fingerprints to the screen - no thanks. 0 2 days ago Reply animejay the only way a screen i own (touch or not) will be free of fingerprints is if my kids (and wife) are not in the same country as i am. :-) 0 2 days ago Reply animejay Not having a touchscreen is the BIGGEST reason i haven't considered a macbook of any flavor. I hadn't thought i would use the touchscreen on a laptop since it had not gyroscope, but i find myself using it for scrolling and drawing notations all the time on my windows laptops now. I will not buy any kind of laptop without a touchscreen. that is a deal breaker for me now. 0 2 days ago Reply dstrauss There is absolutely no reason for avoiding touch and pen on the Mac - when Apple lovers like Leo Laporte STILL has a Surface Studio on his desk during MacBreak Weekly, you know there is value in being able to scroll, touch a link, circle or highlight an item - touch and pen DO NOT replace the mouse and keyboard, they are just a third/fourth input method for the USER's convenience. Apple does not have to redesign the entire Mac OS UI - that is a ludicrous excuse on their part - as a full time Surface Pro 4 user I'll be honest - the touch experience in Windows 10 still sucks and I never use tablet mode - but it is GREAT for selecting targets and links, scrolling pages, pinch to zoom. I would never use it to select text - my iPad proves that to me in spades that touch is a very poor fine grain interface - I would kill for mouse support in those instances. You are right Rene - make it an input interface add-on and be done with it. Do not wait for a three year cycle of pain to integrate the entire operating system - I know of NO ONE in the Windows environment that would abandon their keyboard and mouse and I believe the same would be true for Mac OS. Next time you are in Starbucks, watch the reaction of your average millennial using their MacBook while they are watching a Windows users poking and scrolling their laptop screen. It is often priceless. Better still, use your connections to suggest Mr. Schiller do that... PS - it would also bring about the biggest single upgrade cycle for Macs in Apple's history (pass that one along to Mr. Cook)... 0 2 days ago Reply dstrauss PPS - Apple could proclaim they have "done touch right on the laptop by creating a magical fourth integrated input methodology" and feel good about themselves in the process. My bet it would even result in some old time fogies like myself considering a MacBook Pro for the first time. 0 2 days ago Reply cyberbob859 I'm using my 12" MacBook as I type this. I have *ZERO* interest in a touch screen Mac. I've spent some time learning keyboard shortcuts, and using utilities like TextExpander and Keyboard Maestro to help me streamline my work. I really enjoy using the buttery-smooth trackpad and the gestures for navigation. I have an iPad Air (1) that I've tried using for productivity-type applications, but I find that adding a bluetooth keyboard and swiping the screen just doesn't do it for me. I end up using the iPad mostly for consumption, and when I have to do some work in a pinch, but its not my go-to device when I really need to get something done. Now, I know this is MY preference, and everybody is different. I may change my mind if Apple comes up with an iPad Pro and iOS that truly takes the best features of Mac and iPad and seemlessly blends them in one device. They aren't there yet, IMO, and I'm confident that they'll eventually come up with something. But I don't think it will be on the Mac. 0 2 days ago Reply roystreet I look forward to seeing what the future holds with Apple. I believe they will be forced into developing a mixture of touch & mouse interface. I use my iPad Pro for the majority of my work, with a keyboard case. But there are times I would like the ability to use the trusty old mouse especially for precision. I have a Surface Pro 3 & it has a mixture of them. I find it makes it a very powerful device & you can perform some things on it that you can't on an iPad Pro. iOS is definitely much better at the touch interface & I believe that it should be mainly driven by touch, not by a mouse. Overall, I prefer iOS over any OS, but if it could add mouse support, I probably would never turn my Surface on. Windows 10 is mouse/keyboard based from the foundation, but it has added some great touch abilities. It will eventually perfect more of the touch interface. Lack of touch support on the Mac has definitely been a part of why I've never bought a Mac. Contrary to some, I do find the iPad Pro a productivity device, especially with a keyboard. I used to look at it as only a consumption device. But now, especially that MS Office is available on it, it helped push me over to the iPad & I was willing to sacrifice some of my previous methods of being productive. So, part of what moves the market is how the apps are designed as well. I agree with what has been mentioned about the up and coming generation mainly using touch & that way of doing things will force Apple to incorporate better mouse & keyboard support. Mostly mouse. If there wasn't a market force pushing Apple in this direction, we wouldn't be talking about this here, nor in other places. It is becoming a commonly discussed topic now. Just like at Windows Central they commonly talk about Windows 10 mobile isn't dead yet. Obviously, they have to keep defending what is on life support & is basically dead to the masses. But that's a different topic. 0 2 days ago Reply xoFoxtail https://youtu.be/64UQ7el-FrM Here's a video of OS X running on a Surface Pro complete with multitouch gestures and stylus support. Controlling the interface looks completely natural, could probably use a little optimazation in some places, but usuable. I'd like to see a Apple-made version of this someday. 0 1 day ago Reply cyberbob859 If somebody wants something like this, you can always get the Modbook right now: http://www.modbook.com/modbookpro These guys used to take an actual Apple MacBook Pro and "mod" it to make a tablet-like device (hence the name.) I haven't followed them for quite a while, so I don't know if they still do that. But, this is probably the closest you'll get to an Apple-like experience on something that resembles a Surface right now. 0 1 day ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Buy it all How to buy a song you like from Apple Music on your iPhone or iPad By Serenity Caldwell Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 8:00 am EDT 5 Comments Serenity is the Managing Editor at iMore. She's been talking, writing about, and tinkering with Apple products since she was old enough to double-click. In her spare time, she sketches, sings, and in her secret superhero life, plays roller derby. Follow her on Twitter @settern. Want to purchase a song you love listening to on Apple Music? It's trickier than I'd like, but doable. When Apple redesigned the iPhone and iPad's Music app to focus on your music collection, iCloud Music Library, and Apple Music, it removed all traces of a previously-highly-placed item: iTunes.   Yes, streaming music is all the rage, and for good reason — with offline play and customized playlists, your music library is bigger and more interesting than ever before. But if you still like occasionally owning music, the iTunes app is where you'll do your purchasing. One frustrating side-effect of this change: It's now much more difficult to buy a song you've found and love on Apple Music. There's no direct way to "Open in iTunes," even if a song or album isn't supported in Apple Music at all. (I see you, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 1.) Instead, when you stumble across non-streamable media in the Music app, you'll be greeted with a depressing alert informing you of its unavailability on your device. Rather than having to manually open the iTunes app and search every time you want a song, however, there's an easier way — all thanks to a few enterprising folks on the Internet. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes (the easy way) If you own the Workflow app, you need only install a quick and easy workflow to make this happen. On your iPhone, open the Open in iTunes Store workflow (courtesy the Workflow Gallery). Tap Get Workflow. Select Open. Press Done. Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. If you've never used workflow before, tap the More (…) button at the bottom of the screen, then enable the Run Workflow switch and press Done. Press the Run Workflow button. Press the Open in iTunes Store button. If it's your first time using this workflow, you may have to press Run Workflow to give the app permissions, then return to step 6. Your song should open in iTunes. Once you've gone through this once, you can open any future Apple Music songs in iTunes by doing the following: Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. Press the Run Workflow button. Press the Open in iTunes Store button. Your song should open in iTunes. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes (the hard way) If you don't want to mess around with Workflow (though we highly recommend it), you can essentially do this manually: Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. Press the Copy button. Open Safari. In the URL bar, paste the copied link and add the following text: &app=iTunes. Press Open. The song should display in the iTunes Store. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes — or just about any other streaming service If it's not just iTunes you're looking to connect with, but other streaming services, you can use Matt Abras's free SoundShare app to make that happen. SoundShare uses Facebook to connect multiple different services together; once set up, you can access iTunes with the click of a button. SoundShare - Download now! Questions?  Let us know below. Reader comments How to buy a song you like from Apple Music on your iPhone or iPad 5 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating sectime Because tapping on iTunes app icon is too hard? I want the ability to purchase playlists with one click. 0 2 days ago Reply Serenity Caldwell I agree! It's a pain. 0 2 days ago Reply Quintus Thanks Serenity! I will try the WorkFlow solution. My workaround has been to simply launch Shazam, identify the song and click the "buy in iTunes" button. Pain that they removed the direct buy button. Maybe it will come back in the next iteration of the Music app! 0 2 days ago Reply emjayess Sounds great, but I cannot complete Step 10 because there is no "Open in iTunes Store" button available. Please advise. 0 1 day ago Reply JBaby_9783 If you add a keyboard shortcut to the iOS keyboard you won't have to type out "&app=iTunes" every time. 0 1 day ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Alexa - what is an Echo? Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know! By Lory Gil Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 9:00 am EDT 0 Comments Lory is a renaissance woman, writing news, reviews, and how-to guides for iMore. She also fancies herself a bit of a rock star in her town and spends too much time reading comic books.  If she's not typing away at her keyboard, you can probably find her at Disneyland or watching Star Wars (or both). Amazon's home hub assistant can turn off your lights, lock your door, and tell you what's on your calendar today. All you have to do is ask. Amazon's virtual assistant, Alexa, is at its most useful when activated from one of the supported home speakers, the Echo, Dot, or Tap. When you connect the Alexa app, you can enable skills, connect smart home gadgets, and sync your email and calendar apps. Then, just ask Alexa to turn off your lights, play a game with you, or read your new emails. It's kind of like a physical version of Siri, but with less support for Apple services and more support for non-Apple services. If you've got questions about Amazon's Echo, Dot, or Tap, we have the answer you're looking for. What's new with the Amazon Echo family? Amazon added support for iCloud Calendar. You can now sign into iCloud using an app-specific password in the Alexa app and add your iCloud Calendar. Once connected, you can ask Alexa about your upcoming schedule. How to add your iCloud Calendar to Amazon Echo What is an Amazon Echo device? Echo is a home hub speaker that connects to supported smart devices in the home. It also supports Amazon's virtual assistant, Alexa, which can connect to supported media services, productivity apps, and more. You can use it to listen to music from a separate device or directly from one of the supported connected services, like Pandora, Spotify, or Amazon Music. It is always listening for its wake word, which by default is "Alexa." Anything you say before or after saying the wake word is not sent to Amazon's servers or stored in any way, but things you say when you trigger Alexa, whether intentional or accidental, is sent to Amazon's servers and stored. Wired has a great article about always listening devices that explains more. If you prefer, you can turn off the always listening feature and instead use a manual button on the device to trigger Alexa. What's the difference between Echo, Tap, and Dot? Echo comes in three different formats. The standard Echo is just under 10-inches tall and has a built-in 360-degree speaker and microphone array. It has to be plugged into a power source and connected to wi-fi in order to work to its full potential, though it can be used as a Bluetooth speaker outside of wi-fi. It's perfect for people that want to keep their device at home and also listen to music through it. The Tap is a outdoorsy version of the standard Echo. It is about six inches tall and has a built-in 360-degree speaker and microphone array. It needs to be connected to wi-fi in order to use with Alexa, but works great as a battery-powered Bluetooth speaker. It's called the Tap because, when it first launched, you had to tap the wake button in order to trigger Alexa. The Tap has since received a firmware update that makes it possible for you to wake Alexa with voice activation, so it's basically just a smaller, more rugged version of the Echo. It's perfect for anyone that wants Alexa in the home, but likes to listen to music on the go. The Dot is the smallest and least expensive in the Echo family. it has a built-in speaker and microphone array, but the speaker is very small. The entire device is only about an inch-and-a-half tall. It needs to be connected to a power source and connected to wi-fi in order to work to its full potential. Because the speaker is so small, I wouldn't recommend using it solely for music listening. You can, however, connect it to a more robust Bluetooth speaker. It's perfect for those who will use it primarily for the Alexa feature, or who have a solid Bluetooth speaker they'd rather use instead. How do I get one? From Amazon, of course. Echo - $179.99 - Buy on Amazon Tap - $129.99 - Buy on Amazon Dot - $49.99 - Buy on Amazon How do I set up an Echo, Tap, or Dot? Once you get your Echo, Tap, or Dot, you'll need to connect it to your smart phone. Download the Alexa app and then sign in to your Amazon account to get started. You'll be able to manage all of your connected devices and services from the Alexa app. Then, plug in the Echo or Dot (or make sure the Tap is charged up). The light ring around the top will light up and turn blue to let you know it's powered. It will then turn orange and greet you. Connect your Echo, Tap, or Dot to your wi-fi network inside the Alexa app. When you're done, just say, "Alexa" to start talking. The Alexa app is where all of your devices and services are connected. It's also where you complete your Echo set up. Open the Alexa app, tap the menu icon in the upper left corner of the screen, tap Settings, then select your Echo device. You can change your wi-fi connection, connect a Bluetooth device, or pair a remote device in the device section. You can also schedule Do Not Disturb, change the alarm, timer, and notification sounds, rename your Echo device, manually add your location, change the language, temperature, and distance units, and change your wake word. You can trigger Alexa by selecting a different wake word than the default. You can change it to Amazon, Echo, or Computer. Let me just warn you that you'll probably say "computer" more often than you'll ever say "Alexa" in casual conversation, which means you'll be more likely to accidentally wake Alexa. Just keep that in mind when you change the wake word. How do I connect all the things to my Echo, Tap, or Dot? One of the best things about having an Echo around the house is all the things you can connect to it, including apps, services, and smart home gadgets. Services you can connect to are listed in the Menu. Tap the menu icon in the upper left corner of the Alexa app to get started. Add your music, video, and books In the Menu section, tap Music, Video, & Books to see what services are supported. Currently, the cable provider Dish is the only video service compatible with Echo and you'll need a Dish Hopper or Wally in order to connect it. If you have all the required equipment and subscriptions, tap Dish TV under the video section, then tap Enable Skill at the bottom of the page. Once connected, you can just ask Alexa to play a movie, change the channel, search for content with specific actors, pause, fast forward, and rewind through content, and more. Alexa is most compatible with music streaming services. You can stream music from Amazon Music, listen to tunes you've added to Amazon Prime Music, play content from your Spotify Premium account, stream stations from your Pandora or iHeartRadio account, or listen to local radio stations with TuneIn. You can also connect your Audible or Kindle account to listen to audiobooks. Connect your calendar You can add your calendar to Alexa and have it tell you your schedule by day, date, time, day of the week, or weekend. The Alexa app supports Apple iCloud, Gmail, G Suite, Office 365, and Outlook. To connect a calendar, select Settings from the Menu list, then tap Calendars. Then select which calendar you want to add. If you want to connect your iCloud Calendar, you'll have to follow a few security-based steps. How to connect your iCloud Calendar to your Echo Add your smart home devices Any smart home gadget that is supported by Alexa can be set up in the Smart Home section of the Alexa app. You can group devices and trigger them all together or create scenes that you can enable with a single word. For example, you could set your Hue lights to red, your thermostat to 90, and the water heater connected to your smart plug to on, and call the scene "hot." In order to group your smart home devices and create scenes, you'll need to connect them to Alexa using smart home skills, found in the Alexa Skills Store. How do I get skills for Alexa? The Alexa Skills Store is where you find all kinds of services that make Alexa and the Echo family more interesting. You can download skills to connect your smart home devices, your email account, and your finance apps. You can add skills that let you play trivia games, make funny songs out of just your voice, and tell Alexa to talk to your cat. There are hundreds of skills created by a variety of developers. Some skills work great, others not so much. It's like an app store for your Echo. To find skills for Alexa, tap the Menu icon in the upper left corner of the Alexa app, then tap Skills. Browse the content and add whatever you'd like. How do I buy stuff on Amazon using my Echo, Tap, or Dot? When you create an Alexa shopping list, you can access it from the app or from the Amazon website when you sign in. Add simple things, like "tea" or "sugar," and when you are ready to buy something, ask Alexa for help. You can ask Alexa to buy something from your shopping list. It will offer suggestions based on your request and you can say, "buy" to purchase it. Amazon has daily deals that offer deep discounts on specific items for 24-hours. You can ask Alexa to tell you what the daily deals are. If you want something on sale, say "yes" when Alexa asks if you want to buy it. You can also ask Alexa to find something by name. For example, if you know you want to buy Star Wars on DVD, you can tell Alexa to order it for you. The virtual assistant will run through your available purchasing options, one at a time, and let you choose the one you want. When you're ready, Alexa will ask if you are sure you want to buy an item and you'll say "yes" to confirm. If you worry that someone in your family will purchase items from Amazon without your permission, you can enable a passcode or disable Amazon purchases from Alexa entirely. How to stop Alexa from ordering stuff without your permission How do I create a shopping or to-do list? You can create a shopping or to-do list either by asking Alexa to "open a list" or by creating one in the Alexa app. Add items by telling Alexa to add them, or by typing them into the Alexa app. Say, "Alexa, add clean the bathroom to my to-do list" or "Alexa, add sugar to my shopping list." To access your shopping and to-do lists from the Alexa app, tap the Menu icon in the upper left corner, then tap Lists. How do I set a timer or alarm? Just like setting an alarm or timer with the help of Siri, you can add one to your Echo services by asking Alexa. Say, "Alexa, set a timer for 10 minutes," or "Alexa, set an alarm for 6:00 am on weekdays." You can access and edit timers and alarms from the Menu list under Timers and Alarms. How do I call someone from my Echo, Tap, or Dot? You can use the Alexa app to call anyone else that also has the Alexa app and has enabled the calling and messaging feature. You'll have to register for Alexa calling-to-calling in order to enable the feature, and your contacts will need to do so, as well. Not many people even know about the feature right now, so you'll probably have to ask your friends and family to register if you want to talk to them via Alexa. Once you register your account, you can make a call by asking Alexa to call the person in your contacts. Just say, "Alexa, call Mikah." If you don't want to talk directly to a person, you can also leave a voice message that he or she can listen to from the Alexa app or from an Echo device. Just say, "Alexa, send a message to Serenity." If you receive a message from someone, you can say, "Alexa, play my message" to hear it played back. There have been some privacy concerns about signing up with Alexa's calling-to-calling feature. At the moment, you can't block anyone from calling you, even if you've previously blocked them on your smart phone. All they need is your phone number. Hopefully, Amazon will allow users to block or edit their contact list Questions? If you have any questions about Amazon's Echo family of Alexa supported speakers, put them in the comments and we'll help you out. Reader comments Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know! 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search If you have to ask... Should you jailbreak your iPhone? By Russell Holly Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 10:00 am EDT 21 Comments Russell is a Contributing Editor at iMore. He's a passionate futurist whose trusty iPad mini is never far from reach. You can usually find him chasing the next tech trend, much to the pain of his wallet. Reach out on Twitter! Jailbreaking is absolutely still a thing, but is it a thing for you? There are a couple of good reasons people consider jailbreaking an iPhone. Maybe you've upgraded to the next model and the previous iPhone is still good enough to play with, or you saw a YouTube video with a cool feature you can only get by jailbreaking. Whatever the reason, there's usually a moment right before you look up how to jailbreak your iPhone where you consider whether it's something you should actually be doing. This FAQ is for that moment when you are faced with whether you should or should not risk the unknown and jailbreak your phone. Here's everything you need to know about making that decision! What exactly is jailbreaking? Basically, it's a process that allows you to modify parts of the operating system Apple does not allow you to modify. With a jailbroken iPhone, you can install apps and mods from third-party repositories that allow you to change the size of your apps on the homescreen, tweak the colors of iOS menus to suit your liking, and even control the kind of information that is sent from your phone when interacting with other apps. Why aren't these things in the App Store? Apple has very specific rules about how apps are allowed to behave on your iPhone in order to be allowed into the App Store. If you want an app that shows a countdown to WWDC on your lockscreen, Apple would not allow it in the App Store because that app modifies a part of iOS that Apple thinks shouldn't be modified. In the past, jailbroken apps have become so popular that Apple has added those features directly into the OS as a way of encouraging people to avoid jailbreaking. Apple can't, or won't, do this for every jailbreak app. So, there are respositories full of unique features that you can only get on your iPhone if you are willing to jailbreak it. Do all of my normal apps still work? For the most part, yes. Remember, iOS apps are largely built as individual things without a lot of shared resources. It's one of the ways Apple has been able to guarantee a certain level of security in iOS for so long. That having been said, there are jailbreak apps designed to modify other third-party apps and those can occasionally break things. Sometimes developers implement protections which render their apps inoperable if specific jailbreak mods are detected, which is occasionally difficult to understand and work around. How can I tell if my phone can be jailbroken? The big thing to look for when it comes to jailbreaking is your iOS version. Every iPhone gets notifications to install the latest version of iOS when it is available, and those latest versions usually include new security from Apple to prevent whatever was being used previously to cause a jailbreak to happen. Currently, the iOS version that can be jailbroken is 10.2. If you have a version higher than this without a backup to a previous version of iOS saved somewhere, you will not be able to jailbreak your phone at this time. What about my iPad? Yes! You can jailbreak an iPad, an iPod, and an iPhone with the same basic experience. It's worth pointing out there are significantly more jailbreak apps and mods made with the iPhone form factor in mind, so like the App Store not everything on the iPhone looks great on the iPad or iPod. All you really need to do is explore! Is jailbreaking dangerous? Any time you modify an operating system and intentionally subvert Apple's policies for keeping you safe, you're taking a risk. Using jailbroken apps aren't like using App Store apps, because Apple isn't policing these repositories to guarantee your safety. If they're policed at all, it's by individual users. Basically, jailbreaking is a trust exercise. You are trusting the people building these apps and mods to have your best interests at heart, and with that kind of trust comes obvious risks. You aren't automatically at risk if you jailbreak, but you are actively disabling things that had previously been keeping you safe. So should I do this or not? Ultimately, deciding to jailbreak comes down to answering a handful of questions for yourself. Are you somewhat disillusioned with your iPhone and the way it works? Do you enjoy tinkering with new apps and possibly unfinished features? Are you technically minded enough to fix something on your phone if it breaks? If you answered yes to these three questions, jailbreaking is something you'd probably enjoy and you should go check it out. Make absolutely sure you have a backup of your current iPhone setup somewhere just in case you need to go back to the way things were, and then go have a blast! Any questions? If you're still on the fence about whether or not you want to jailbreak your iPhone, put your concerns in the comments and we'll talk about them more. Reader comments Should you jailbreak your iPhone? 21 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Planetary Paul In principle, when you break your iOS device you're on your own regarding security on your device. You have to ask yourself: Am I that good at security to keep myself immune from any attacks I just opened my door for? 0 2 days ago Reply GreenDize12 Been jailbreaking since iPhone OS 3.2 (iPad), and iOS 4.0.1 (iPhone), and I have yet to encounter security issues Rene the Conspiracy theorists overreacts about. Sure the vulnerabilities are there, but stick iOS also has 'em as well. You jailbreak for the freedom of customization, not piracy which unfortunately comes with any territory. 0 2 days ago Reply cmdacos Yes, absolutely you should. Wish I could but my ip7 is corporate owned. Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK You can always reverse the Jailbreak when you need to give the iPhone back 0 11 hours ago Reply Ledsteplin I've never been jailbroken. I wanted to a while back to get a screen recorder. But I managed to get one another way. I'm satisfied with my iPhone as is now. No need for a risky jailbreak. 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK There's nothing risky about Jailbreaking, as long as you don't download anything strange (which follows with using your Mac or Windows computer as well) 0 11 hours ago Reply lkrupp If you see yourself as “needing” to jailbreak just go over to Android and stop the posturing and chest thumping. iOS is not for you. 0 2 days ago Reply tjolley11 100% disagree. Much prefer iOS over Android for a host of reasons, but Apple is being obstinate on many issues for no other reason than they can. I absolutely will NOT use iOS unless it is jailbroken. Here are a list of incredible useful 'jailbreaks' that virtually every iOS user would love to have and use every day if they could, and there is no reason Apple can't add them at any time: 1. Folders within folders. Really Apple? No nesting of folders? Why not? I only want a single folder for 'Games', but I want to be able to have them further broken down by categories - like board, card, action, etc. I don't want 10 screens of games, when a single screen of folders within a games directory will do. Oh! And let me choose how many mini-icons to display on that folder please. Your insistence on trying to show 9 really small icons is a hideous disaster. Let me only show 1, 2 ,4 representations of what is in the folder. 2. Let ME choose the number of rows and columns on my home page. Thanks. I like 5 columns and 6 rows on my home screen. In conjunction with folders within folders, I have everything on a single screen 3. Let ME choose how many items to have in my dock. I find 7 to be a good number for me 4. Actually USE force Touch for folders. I use an app that lets me use force touch on folders and it pops up the first 4 apps inside the folder (Number can be set). So I am able to place my 4 most-used apps at the top of a folder, then Force Touch the folder and launch the app. Much quicker than tapping into the folder and launching. 5. Force touch to clear all notifications. What a concept. Let me use force touch on notification screen to clear ALL notifications at once. 6. Date in Status Bar. Really? I have to Jailbreak to do this STILL? 7. Detailed Battery usage. Really? jailbreak for such simple and meaningful information? 8. Kill all background apps with a single tap. Yes, you DO need to kill background apps a lot - there are a lot of poorly written apps. A simple way to kill them all is a big time saver. 9. iTouch throughout the OS. No-brainer. too bad you can only use your finger print for passwords throughout the OS and across apps by jailbreaking 10. Guest user account. Great way to let others use your phone while also securing your private info. Easy to do. Apple won't do it, Jailbreakers will. And the list goes on. There are amazing things you can do to make your phone work so much better and faster that Apple could easily implement but won't. 0 2 days ago Reply libra89 Excellent comment! I seem to always miss the jailbreak window every time I think about doing it. Such a bummer. 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK Just keep up to date with Twitter feeds or similar, then you'll know as soon as 0 11 hours ago Reply Derrick4Real Sounds like a perfectly reasonable response if those things are important to you. Me however, there isn't anything you've mentioned in that list that has been a concern for me. I guess I simply don't care enough about those things. Now that ******, Music app that's just convoluted eyecandy for people that don't have lots of music and want to be sold expensive streaming services? Yeah, that app i fricken hate. Luckily there's cesium which is a bit better. Related point: you might find and app called "Battery Life" useful. I used it when my battery on my 6 was dying and to make sure the replacement battery i installed was sold to me able to hold a full charge and wasn't sold defective. It has lots of details. 0 1 day ago Reply toysforever I need to record my telephone conversations, which is perfectly legal where I live. I'm told Android can do it but I'd rather stick to iOS. Can you easily record all telephone conversations with a jail broken iPhone? 0 3 hours ago Reply themacmonk What ikrupp said. :) 0 2 days ago Reply OldAndBusted "Should you jailbreak your iPhone?" No. Next question. 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK Why not? 0 11 hours ago Reply GreenDize12 "Should you jailbreak your iPhone?" Yes. Next Question. 0 2 days ago Reply Nick Seamore No I won't jailbreak any of my IOS devices. 0 2 days ago Reply jayzero76 i had almost all iPhones and jailbreak yeah but somehow i do not have to much time. so iphone 7 plus is still a virgin lol i really would like to see widgets and extra fonts yeah file system would be nice to have 0 2 days ago Reply Derrick4Real haven't done it since the 4s (my prior phone) because every app I need I can get an adequate free version and i don't find a need to do things like tether. 0 1 day ago Reply claustin The only thing I jailbreak for is little things like denser app arrangement on the homescreen, auto wallpaper switching, change apps in control center, etc. Haven't done it since the 6s though because I keep installing betas. 0 1 day ago Reply Lisanguyen It's our phone! We should be able to do what the heck we like with it. 0 52 min ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
